ISEESf NO 001 058242.2
BOND AGREEMENT between
Bergen Group ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2013

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 12 13 13 13 14 15 18 18 19 20 21 21 26 26 29 31 34

2

V

Norsk Tillitsminn ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 7 June 2010 between
(1) Bergen Group ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 991 279 539 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bergen Group Maritime Services" means Bergen Group Maritime Services AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, incorporated in Norway with Company No 982 720 583.
"Bergen Group Offshore" means Bergen Group Offshore AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, incorporated in N ow ay with Company No 983 371 787.
"Bergen Group Rosenberg" means Bergen Group Rosenberg AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bergen Group Offshore, incorporated in N ow ay with Company No 984 329 075.
"Bergen Group Shipbuilding" means Bergen Group Shipbuilding AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, incorporated in N ow ay with Company No 983 343 120.
"Bergen Group Technology" means Bergen Group Technology AS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, incorporated in N ow ay with Company No 925 705 829.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.

3

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA

"Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

"Booked Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP, as set out in the then most recent Financial Statements (or, as applicable, the most recent Quarterly Financial Reports) o f the Issuer.

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.

"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate of the equivalent in NOK on such date of the then current market value of:

(a)

cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on

deposit accounts with any bank or financial institution; and

(b) time deposits with any bank or financial institution and certificates of

deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by any bank or financial

institution.

"Change of Control Event" means that any investor or group of investors which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms o f the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50 % of the voting shares of the Issuer or more than 50 % of the outstanding shares of the Issuer.

"Construction Financing" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing the construction of an asset by any Group Company, which is to be purchased by a third party on completion of that asset and which Financial Indebtedness is on terms that it is to be repaid in full on completion and delivery of the relevant asset.

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, YAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"EBITDA" means for any Relevant Period, the consolidated earnings of the Group before: (a) any interest, discounts or other fees incurred or payable by any Group
Company in respect of Financial Indebtedness; (b) any provision on account of taxation; (c) any item treated as exceptional or extraordinary items; and (d) any amount attributable to depreciation of tangible assets and the amortisation of intangible assets.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, where the Issuer will apply for listing o f the Bonds.

"Existing Bonds" means each and all o f the following bonds maturing 13 August 2010: (a) NO 001 037936.5, with current outstanding amount ofNOK 126,004,000; (b) NO 001 039550.2, with current outstanding amount ofN O K 202,840,000; (c) NO 001 052189.1, with current outstanding amount ofNOK 149,160,000; and (d) NO 001 052190.9, with current outstanding amount ofNOK 91,996,000.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting o f any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect o f a borrowing or raising o f money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale o f purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect o f any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Financial Support" means any (whether actual or contingent) loans, credits or any guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against financial loss to or for the benefit of any other company, entity or person, or otherwise in respect of any liability in respect o f any obligation of any other company, entity or person.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantor(s), on a joint and several basis, securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.

"G uarantor(s)" means each Sub Holding Company.

6 CLy

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Issuer's VPS Account" means a VPS account in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the holders of the Temporary Bonds).
"Interest Paym ent Date" means 9 October, 9 January, 9 April and 9 July each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering sy stem -th e identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 9 July 2010.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Loan Amount" means to original issued amount o f Bonds, as set out in Clause 2 .2 .1.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Mandatory Redemption" means a partial early redemption of Bonds as set out in Clause 10.3.
"Mandatory Redemption Event" means each event defined as event that triggers a partial early redemption of Bonds as set out in Clause 10.3
"Margin" means 9 percentage points per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, any Guarantor and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) any Obligor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Financial Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means: (i) any Guarantor, (ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 10 % o f the
total consolidated assets of the Group, or (iii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 10 % of
the total consolidated net sales o f the Group, or (iv) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all
o f the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date.
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 9 July 2013 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total interest bearing debt, excluding Construction Financing, in accordance with GAAP, as set out in the then most recent Financial Statements (or, as applicable, the most recent Quarterly Financial Reports) of the Issuer, less the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents on a consolidated basis.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Noiwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee after consultation with the Issuer, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Noiwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor(s).
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value o f the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty " means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means the following: (i) any Financial Indebtedness within the Group existing at the date o f the Bond
Agreement; (ii) any overdraft/working capital facilities on market terms for such
overdraft/working capital facility provided by banks or financial institutions to any Group Company (including the Issuer); (iii) any Construction Financing; (iv) any parent company guarantee granted by the Issuer in respect o f any Construction Financing; (v) any Financial Indebtedness in connection with any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; (vi) additional Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Group Company, excluding the Issuer, provided that: a) the borrower is either a Sub Holding Company or any (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of a Sub Holding Company; and b) such Financial Indebtedness is unsecured or secured by either share pledge over the shares issued by a member of a Sub Holding Group and/or fixed or floating charge in current and/or fixed assets of such member of die relevant Sub Holding Group; and c) in case of a Share Pledge Release Event, the tenor of such incurred Financial Indebtedness shall not be less than 36 months from the date of signing of the loan agreement related to such Financial Indebtedness.
"Perm itted Security" means the following: (i) any security existing on the date of the Bond Agreement; (ii) any security granted as Security Interest; (iii) any security granted in connection with Construction Financing, (iv) any security granted by a member of a Sub Holding Group in connection with
Permitted Financial Indebtedness of itself or another member o f the same Sub Holding Group, and (v) any share pledge granted by the Issuer over its shares in a Sub Holding Company in connection with Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
"Pledge over Existing Bonds" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's VPS Account, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders holding Temporary Bonds).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means the Guarantees and any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited to;
(a) From the Issue Date and until release from the Escrow Account; (i) the Escrow Account Pledge; and (ii) the Pledge over Settlement Bonds,
(b) After the release from the Escrow Account and thereafter, (i) the Share Pledges; and (ii) the Guarantees.
"Settlement Bonds" means bonds under the Existing Bonds which will be used as payment for Bonds.
"Share Pledges" means: (i) the first priority pledge over all of the Issuer's shares in the Sub Holding Companies; and (ii) the first priority pledge over all of Bergen Group Offshore's shares in Bergen Group Rosenberg,
in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Share Pledge Release Event" means that the Borrower require the relevant Share Pledge over one or more o f the Sub Holding Companies or Bergen Group Rosenberg to be released and discharged in connection with raising a Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Strategic Transaction" means that any of the Sub Holding Companies enter into a strategic alliance or partnership by way of any equity issue, sales of shares including shareholder loans or similar of any member of such Sub Holding Group,
"Sub Holding Companies" means:
(i) Bergen Group Shipbuilding;
(ii) Bergen Group Maritime Services; (iii) Bergen Group Offshore; and (iv) Bergen Group Technology (each a "Sub Holding Company").
"Sub Holding Group" means each Sub Holding Company with its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Subsidiary" a subsidiary (No. datterselskap) within the meaning o f Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 45 (No. allmennalcsjeloven) or Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 43 (No. alcsjeloven), as applicable,.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest.thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Temporary Bonds" means those Bonds issued with a temporary ISIN, as set out in Clause 2.2.2.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies o f an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fond, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in talcing transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 330,000,000 (Norwegian kroner three hundred and thirty million) (the "Loan Amount").

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves, except for as set out in Clause 8.3.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2010/2013".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 058242.2.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.2.2

As part o f the closing procedure, and until the establishment of the Share Pledge, some Bonds under the Bond Agreement will be issued with a temporary ISIN (the "Tem porary Bonds"). The Temporary Bonds will be allotted to those Bondholders who subscribe and pay for Bonds in whole or in part with Existing Bonds as consideration.

The ISIN for the Temporary Bonds will be NO 001 058243.0.

The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the ordinary Bonds in connection with the establishment of the Share Pledge. The Securities Register and the Bond Trustee is given the authorization to cany out the aforesaid in the best practical way.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for refinancing of existing debt including the Existing Bonds.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall submit an application in order to seek the Bonds listed on an Exchange.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration o f the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Transfer restrictions

5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.1, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.1.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.1.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) copies o f (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association o f the Issuer;
(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 o f the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(lc) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trastee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies o f any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

(m) establishment o f the Pledge over Existing Bonds and the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledge from the bank); and
(n) written document evidencing that Existing Bonds with a face nominal value equal to the face nominal value of the Temporary Bonds is or will be transferred to the Issuer's VPS Account.
14

f!

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d), and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.
6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.3 Disbur sement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled. The Bond Trustee undertakes to issue such notice immediately following completion of such control.
6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall transfer:

(1) the net proceeds in form of cash from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account; and
(2) the net proceeds in form of Existing Bonds from the Bond Issue to the Issuer' VPS Account.

6.5 Upon the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Escrow Account hank to release the requested amount:

(a) a duly executed release notice in form and substance as set out in Attachment
2; (b) the Share Pledges duly executed, enforceable and perfected; (c) the Guarantees duly executed; and (d) relevant corporate documentation from the security providers.

7

Representations and W arranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer o f the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event o f Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse o f time, determination o f materiality or the fulfilment, of any other applicable condition, or any combination o f the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any o f its assets, and which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date o f the most recent Financial Statement or Quarterly Financial Report, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statement or in the notes thereto or the Quarterly Financial Report in each case in accordance with GAAP.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most Financial Statement or Quarterly Financial Report there have been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance in all material respects with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations and the Guarantors guarantee liabilities under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its or the Guarantors' other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event o f misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnity the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement o f the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer herein.
17 O'

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.
8.3 Until the Share Pledge is duly established, the Bonds, including accrued interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Escrow Account Pledge and the Pledge over the Settlement Bonds.
The Escrow Account Pledge shall only secure the ordinary Bonds (i.e. not the Temporary Bonds), and the Pledge over Settlement Bonds shall only secure the Temporary Bonds.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate")

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in October 2010.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to die Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Floating

x Floating Rate

18

Amount

Value

Rate

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Change o f control
10.2.1 Upon the occurrence o f a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "P u t O ption") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par plus accrued interest.
10.2.2 The Put Option must be exercised within a period of 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control has taken place.
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.2.3 On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each sjich Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
10.3 Mandatory Redemption
10.3.1 In case of;
(i) a Share Pledge Release Event, Issuer shall redeem Bonds in an amount equal to 25 % o f the Outstanding Bonds for each Subsidiary the relevant Share Pledge is released and discharged; and
(ii) a Strategic Transaction, the Issuer shall redeem Bonds in an amount equal to 50 % o f the net proceeds from any such Strategic Transaction;
(each a "Mandatory Redemption Event").
The repayment of Bonds in according with the aforesaid shall be made without any delay from the day the Issuer receiving the proceeds from the relevant Mandatory Redemption Event (each a "Repayment Date").
Mandatory Redemption shall be carried out according to the following redemption prices:

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) if the Repayment Date occurs at any time from the Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in July 2011 at 105 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(ii) if the Repayment Date occurs at any time from the Interest Payment Date in July 2011 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in July 2012 at 103 % of par plus acciued interests on redeemed amount, or

(iii) if the Repayment Date occurs at any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in July 2012 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 101 % of par plus acciued interests on redeemed amount.

10.3.2 The Repayment Date shall be the date falling not more than thirty Business Day afterthe Issuer in writing has notified the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and (if relevant) the Exchange that a Mandatory Redemption Event has occurred.

10.3.3

On the Repayment Date, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount o f such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

Partial repayment shall be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures o f the Security Depository).

10.3.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will

20
g--

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

be exchanged into NOIC and credited to the NOIC bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register last paragraph.

11.2.2 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), as further stated below.

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may to lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements or Quarterly Financial Reports at least quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance o f the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable tune, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue o f its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer, hi the event o f non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations and the Guarantors' guarantee liabilities under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its or the Guarantors' other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries
shall not cease to carry out its business.

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal o f assets The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part o f the Group's assets or operations, unless

(i) the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Negative pledge The Issuer shall not create, incur or allow to exist any Encumbrance over any of its present or future assets or revenues, other than the relevant Permitted Security.
(g) Financial Indebtedness and Financial Support restrictions The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiaries shall:
(ii) incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness; or (iii) make, grant or give any Financial Support, or (iv) create, incur or allow to exist any Encumbrance over any o f its present of
future assets or revenues,
save for:
(i) any Permitted Financial Indebtedness; (ii) Financial Support made, granted or given in the ordinary course of
business or made, granted or given by any member of a Sub Holding Group to any third party securing obligations o f any member of the same Sub Holding Group; (iii) any Permitted Security; and (iv) any agreement entered into by a Group Company related to counter indemnity obligations in respect of any performance bond, bid bond, advance payment bond or similar bond.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part o f the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent o f the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favorable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 o f the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Subsidiaries ' distributions The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay
24

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA
dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, if the creation of such contractual obligation is likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement.
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction o f organization save for intra group reorganizations.
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been
or is likely to be started by or against any Group Company; and (b) other events which have occurred or is likely to occur and which is likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.5 Preservation o f equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not within any calendar year throughout the term o f the Bond Issue declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in land - including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity) (jointly "Dividend Payments") that constitute more than 35 per cent o f (on a consolidated basis) the Issuer's net profit after taxes for the previous financial year, provided also that that the Issuer after adjusting for such Dividend Payments are being made, comply with the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA being less than 2.00 based on the most recent financial report on a consolidated basis for the Group. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted distribution may not be carried forward.
(b) Equity The Issuer undertakes to have a Booked Equity of minimum NOK 1,000,000 (on a consolidated basis) throughout the term o f the Bond Issue.
(c) N et Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA The Issuer undertakes to have (on a consolidated basis) a ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA not exceeding 3.50 throughout the term of the Bond Issue.
(d) Free Cash and Cash Equivalents
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Issuer undertakes to have (on a consolidated basis) free Cash and Cash Equivalents at all times of no less than an amount equal to the following 6 months aggregate payments of interest hereunder.
(e) Listing During the term o f the Bond Issue, the Issuer shall ensure that the Issuer's shares shall remain listed on Oslo Bors.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfillment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation o f the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations

26
G u -"

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for any of the following occurs in respect of any Obligor or any Material
Subsidiary
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme o f arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets provided that the underlying secured claim is in excess of NOK 10 million.
(f) Creditors 'process

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company or any Obligor which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
0) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
28

t O'

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.3.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 A uthority o f the Bondholders 'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders ' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 1 0 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of tire summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment o f the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer, or (c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

31

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone talcing action until such matter has been put forward to the · Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a

32

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA

result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agr eement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee may be held liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise o f a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes under Norwegian law as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events o f Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment o f the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation o f any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles o f association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors o f the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects o f any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i),
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value o f the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third pallies or as otherwise
35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

requited;

(e) all other provisions o f the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in die Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor

36

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received. However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place o f receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place. 18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons 18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue 18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law. All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
^ V^ ^
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Sirs,

[date]

FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Agreement 2010/2013 - ISIN 001 058242.2

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is fine and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (c), the Equity is [®]

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (d), the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA ratio is [®],

5. in accordance with 13.5 (e) , the Free Cash and Cash Equivalent is [®].

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Bergen Group ASA

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

38

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 2
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
FRN Bergen Group ASA Senior Secured Bond Agreement 2010/2013 - ISIN 001 058242.2
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in die Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Bergen Group ASA
Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

