Execution Version ISINNO 001 060502.5 ISINNO 001 060503.3
BOND AGREEMENT between
Havila Shipping ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue Havila Shipping ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2017
#2896211/1

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................................ 3 2. THE BONDS........................................................................................................................13 3. LISTING...............................................................................................................................14 4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER............................................................14 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS..................................................................... 14 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT............................................................................................. 15 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................................... 17 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS, SECURITY AND APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS......... 20 9. INTEREST............................................................................................................................20 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION.........................21 11. PAYMENTS........................................................................................................................ 23 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.............................................................................24 13. COVENANTS..................................................................................................................... 24 14. FEES AND EXPENSES...................................................................................................... 30 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT....................................................................................................31 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING..........................................................................................33 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE....................................................................................................... 36 18. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................................ 38

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

#2896211/1

This Bond Agreement has been entered into on 28 March 2011 between:
(1) Havila Shipping ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 882 811 972 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with organisation number 963 342 624 as bond trustee (the "Bond T ru stee").
1. INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions
Unless defined elsewhere in this Bond Agreement, or the context suggests otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Bank" means a first class bank, with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's.
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Account Pledges" means the Escrow Account Pledge, the Owing Company Earnings Account Pledge and (if the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge.
"Accounts" means any of the Escrow Account, the Owing Company's Earnings Account and (if the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) the Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account.
"Asset Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of the Market Value o f the Vessel to the Outstanding Bonds.
"Assignment of C harter" means a first priority assigmnent of the rights of the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) or the Owning Company (as the case may be) under (a) any Employment Contract with a duration of more than six (6) months (provided that such assigmnent is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Employment Contract (it being understood that the Issuer and/or the Bareboat Charterer or the Owning Company (as the case may be) shall use reasonable efforts to agree an Employment Contract that allows assigmnent in favour of the Bond Trustee) and applicable law), and (b) any bareboat charter between the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer, including a step-in-right for the Bond Trustee to the extent legally permissible. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bareboat Charterer and/or the Owning Company (as the case may be) shall give notice and use its best endeavours to obtain consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from the counterparty under the Employment Contract, and the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to issue a quiet enjoyment letter on customary tenns and reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee if so required by the counterparty under the Employment Contract.
"Assignment of Insurances" means a first priority assigmnent over the insurances related to the Vessel.
"Assignment of Intercompany Loan Claims" means a first priority assignment by the Issuer of all its present and future money claims under the Intercompany Loan.
"Assignment of Management Agreement" means a first priority assigmnent of the rights of the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) or the Owning Company (as the case may be) under the Management Agreement (to the extent legally pennissible), including (i) a declaration of subordination from the Bareboat Charterer or the

#2896211/1

3 (44)

Owning Company in respect of any amounts payable by the Issuer to the Bondholders; and (ii) to the extent legally permissible, direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in the event of an Event of Default. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bareboat Charterer and the Owning Company (as the case may be) shall give notices and obtain acknowledgement from the Vessel Manager.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bareboat Charterer" means Havila Chartering AS, organisation number 988 689 084, being a 100% directly owned subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Bareboat Charterer Assignment of Earnings" means a first priority assignment of any earnings payable to the Bareboat Charterer under any Charter (including earnings under any Employment Contract and bareboat agreements for hire), and the Bareboat Charterer shall give notices and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties (including but not limited to under any Employment Contract).
"Bareboat Charterer Co-ordination Agreement" means an agreement between the Bareboat Charterer, the Bond Trustee and any other creditor to the extent applicable in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and to the extent required by the Bond Trustee providing for a coordination and sharing of the economical value of the Bareboat Charterer Factoring Agreement with an aim for the Bond Trustee only to receive an amount equal to the economical value of the earnings relating to the Vessel to the extend such sharing is permissible pursuant to the Norwegian Pledge Act of 1980.
"Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account" means the account where all earnings related to the Vessel and payable to the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) shall be paid directly from the relevant contracting party. The Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an Event of Default (regardless of whether such Event of Default has been declared or not) pursuant to the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge.
"Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Bareboat Charterer's claim (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) against the relevant Account Bank in respect of any amounts deposited into and standing to the credit from time to tune of the Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account.
"Bareboat Charterer Factoring Agreement" means an agreement of first priority assignment to be made between the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is party to a Charter) and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders) in respect of the Bareboat Charterer's trade receivables (Norwegian: Factoringpant) , subject to a Bareboat Charterer Co-ordination Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

#2896211/1

4 (44)

"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer under each of the Tranches pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS), as set out in the most recent Financial Statements (annual or quarterly, as the case may be) by the Issuer.

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.

"Business Day Convention" means:

(i) in respect of the FRN Tranche, that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that the date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention)', and
(ii) in respect of the Fixed Tranche, that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2 (Call Option) below.

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, the amounts (expressed in NOIC or NOK equivalent) on such date of the then current market value of:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable hanks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Encumbrance. For the sake of good order, any amount standing to the credit of any Earnings Account(s) shall be regarded as free an unrestricted cash as long as no Event of Default has occurred under any of the Finance Documents. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(a)

a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a minimum "A" credit

rating from S&P or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised

credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or

(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.

"C hange o f C o n tro l E vent" means if Havila AS, a company with organisation number 979 366 256 reduces its direct or indirect ownership to less than forty per cent (40%) of the voting shares of the Issuer.

#2896211/1

5 (44)

"C harter" means any charter contract for the employment of the Vessel, being both intra group bareboat charters entered into between the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer, and Employment Contracts.
"Co-ordination Agreements" means the Bareboat Charterer Co-ordination Agreement and the Owning Company Co-ordination Agreement.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Delivery Date" means the expected delivery date for the Vessel, being on or about end May 2011.
"Earnings Account(s)" means the Bareboat Charterer's Earnings Account and the Owning Company's Earnings Account.
"Employment Contract" means employment contracts, to be entered into between either the Owning Company or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) and the relevant contracting party (including, but not limited to, the Initial Charterer) in respect of the Vessel.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Equity Ownership Share" means (i) a 100 % ownership share in the Vessel, and (ii) a 100 % equity ownership and voting rights in the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter).
"Escrow Account" means a blocked escrow account established by the Issuer prior to the issuance of the Bonds, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees, legal costs and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be transferred once all the Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent have been satisfied. The Escrow Account shall be pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee under the Escrow Account Pledge and blocked so that no withdrawals can be made therefrom without the written consent of the Bond Trustee.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15 (Events of Default).
"Excess Value" means the difference (positive or negative) between the value of the Vessels in the latest financial statements (annual or quarterly, as the case may be) and their current Market Value.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means:
(a) this Bond Agreement;
(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 (Fees and expenses);
#2896211/1

(c)

the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other

ancillary documentation relating thereto);

(d) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Merest in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(e)

the Co-ordination agreements; and

(f)

any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at

any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this

Bond Agreement and designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond

Trustee.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any mdebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which

would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as mdebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a

method of raising finance or financing the acquisition o f that asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby

or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial

institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against

financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in (a) through (i)

above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up in according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

#2896211/1

7 (44)

Qy

"Fixed Tranche" means the Bonds issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN NO 001 060502.5.
"FRN Tranche" the Bonds issued pursuant to this Bond Agreement with ISIN 001 060503.3. "GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway, including IFRS, in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its current and future Subsidiaries, each a "Group Company".
"IFRS" means the simplified International Financial Reporting Standards pursuant to section 3-9 of the Norwegian Accounting Act and with the Directives of simplified IFRS specified by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance on 21 January 2008.
"Intercompany Loan" means the intercompany loan to be made from the Issuer to the Owning Company in connection with the delivery of the Vessel as regulated in the Intercompany Loan Agreement.
"Intercompany Loan Agreement" means the intercompany loan agreement entered or to be entered into between the Issuer and the Owning Company.
"Initial Charter" means a time charter in respect of the Vessel, expected to commence immediately following the Delivery Date and for a period up until 1 January 2013, such time charterparty agreement to be entered into between the Owning Company or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) and the Initial Charterer.
"Initial Charterer" means (i) Subsea 7 S.A., a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with organisation number B.43172 or (ii) Subsea 7 Contracting (Norway) AS, a limited company incorporated under the laws of Norway with organisation number 937 403 348 and being a wholly owned Subsidiary of Subsea 7 S.A.
"Interest Payment Date" means 30 March, 30 June, 30 September and 30 December each year and the Final Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention for the relevant Tranche.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number o f the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 30 March 2011.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Managers" means the managers for this Bond Issue, being DnB NOR Markets, Stranden 21, NO-0021 Oslo, Norway and Pareto Securities AS, Dromiing Maudsgt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Management Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Vessel Manager and the Bareboat Charterer or the Owning Company (as the case may be) for the operational, technical and commercial management of the Vessel.
"Mandatory Redemption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Redemption).
"Mandatory Redemption Event" means either one of the following events:

#2896211/1

8 (44)

(a) the Vessel is sold or disposed of from the Owning Company; or
(b) the Issuer's Equity Ownership Share is reduced below 100%,
it being understood that a sale of the Vessel and/or a reduction of the Issuer's Equity Ownership Share shall not be permitted during the first two (2) years following the Issue Date if such transaction is with a Related Party.
"M argin" means 4.50 percentage points per annum.
"M arket Adjusted Equity" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the Book Equity, adjusted for any Excess Value.
"M arket Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
"M arket Adjusted Total Assets" means, on any date, (on a consolidated basis for the Group) the Total Assets, adjusted for any Excess Value.
"M arket Value" means the fair market value of the Vessel or the Vessels (as the case may be) determined as arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessel or the Vessels (as the case may be) obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Vessels appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and a willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer twice per year. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Owning Company and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or the Owning Company's and/or the Bareboat Charterer's (if party to a Charter) ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement and/or the Intercompany Loan and/or any Security Document; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and any Security Document.
"M aturity Date" means 30 March 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustments may be made according to the Business Day Convention for the relevant Tranche.
"Mortgage" means the first priority ship mortgage to be registered against the Vessel in the Norwegian Ordinary ship registry, including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessel under Norwegian or other applicable law.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Merest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised

#2896211/1

9 (44) 0/

exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Bank to provide a quotation on its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the aritlunetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for the Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian Kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Owning Company" means Havila SubCon AS, a company 100 % directly owned by the Issuer with organisation number 982 706 734, which will be the direct owner of the Vessel upon delivery.
"Owning Company Assignment of Earnings" means a first priority assignment of any earnings payable to the Owning Company from any third party (including, but not limited to, the Bareboat Charterer) under any Charter (including earnings under any Employment Contract and bareboat agreements for hire), and the Owning Company shall give notices and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties (including but not limited to under any Employment Contract).
"Owning Company Co-ordination Agreement" means an agreement between the Owning Company, the Bond Trustee and any other creditor to the extent applicable in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and to the extent required by the Bond Trustee providing for a coordination and sharing of the economical value of the Owning Company Factoring Agreement with an aim for the Bond Trustee only to receive an amount equal to the economical value of the earnings relating to the Vessel to the extend such sharing is pennissible pursuant to the Norwegian Pledge Act of 1980.
"Owning Company Factoring Agreement" means an agreement of first priority assignment to be made between the Owning Company and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders) in respect of the Owning Company's trade receivables (Norwegian: Factoringpant), subject to an Owning Company Co-ordination Agreement.
"Owning Company's Earnings Account" means the account where all earnings related to the Vessel and payable to the Owning Company shall be paid directly from the contracting party (including, but not limited to, the Bareboat Charterer). The Owing Company's Earnings Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders), but not blocked unless there is an Event of Default (regardless of whether such Event of Default has been declared or not) pursuant to the Owning Company Earnings Account Pledge.
"Owning Company Earnings Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Owning Company's claim against the relevant Account Bank in respect of any amounts deposited into and standing to the credit from time to time at the Owning Company's Earnings Account.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

#2896211/1

1 0 (44 )

"Paying Agent" means DnB NOR Bank ASA, NO-0021 Oslo, Norway.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Pre-Settlement Condition Precedent" means the documents and other evidence listed in Clause 6.1 (Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent).
"Principal Amount" means the initial principal amount under this Bond Issue.
"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Related Party" means a close associate as defined in the Securities Trading Act section 2-5.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as security agent pursuant to Clause 17.4 (Appointment of Security Agent).
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interest" means any Encumbrance or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing (i) the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement, and (ii) the obligations of the Owning Company under the Intercompany Loan, including but not limited to:
(a) from and including the Issue Date and up until the release of fund from the Escrow Account;
(i) the Escrow Account Pledge; and
(b) prior to or simultaneously with the release of funds from the Escrow Account and thereafter;
(i) the Mortgage;
(ii) the Assignment of Insurances;
(iii) the Bareboat Charterer Assignment of Earnings;
(iv) the Bareboat Charterer Earnings Account Pledge;
(v) the Bareboat Charterer Factoring Agreement;
(vi) the Owning Company Assignment of Earnings;

#2896211/1

11 (44)

(vii) the Owning Company Factoring Agreement;
(viii) the Owning Company Earnings Account Pledge;
(ix) the Assignment of Intercompany Loan Claims;
(x) the Assignment of Charter; and
(xi) the Assignment of Management Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bareboat Charterer shall not be obliged to enter into the relevant Security Documents listed above if no Employment Contract is entered into between the Bareboat Charterer and the relevant contracting party.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and/or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS), as set out in the then most recent financial statements (annual or quarterly, as the case may be) of the Issuer.
"Total Loss Event" means:
(a) an actual, constructive, compromised, agreed or other total loss of the Vessel;
(b) any expropriation, confiscation, requisition or acquisition of the Vessel, whether for full consideration, a consideration less than the proper value, a nominal consideration or without any consideration, which is effected by any government or official authority or by any person or persons claiming to be or to represent a government or official authority, excluding a requisition for hire for a fixed period against payment of market hire, not exceeding one year without any right to extension; and
(c) any condemnation of the Vessel by any tribunal or any person or persons claiming to be a tribunal.
"Tranches" means the Fixed Tranche and the FRN Tranche, each a "Tranche".
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Vessel" means the subsea construction vessel to be named "Havila Subsea" currently under construction at the Yard, and scheduled for delivery to the Owning Company at the Delivery Date.
"Vessel Manager" means the Issuer.

#2896211/1

1 2 (44)

"Vessels" mean the Vessel and any other vessels wholly owned by any Group Company. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. "Yard" means Havyard in Leirvik, Norway.

1.2 Construction In tliis Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of

directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether

through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute this Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to this Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been duly registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1 (The community of Bondholders).
2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bond Issue
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue the Tranches in the maximum aggregate amount of NOK 600,000,000 (Norwegian kroner six hundred million). The Fixed Tranche consists of a series of Bonds at an amount of NOK 300,000,000 (Norwegian kroner three hundred million), with

#2896211/1

1 3 (44)

denominations of NOK 1.00 each. The FRN Tranche consists of a series of Bonds at an amount of NOK 300,000,000 (Norwegian kroner three hundred million), with denominations ofNOK 1.00.
2.2.2 The Tranches will rank pari passu between each other, and the Bonds under each Tranche will rank pari passu between each other.
2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as "Haviia Shipping ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2017".
2.2.4 The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 060502.5 for the Fixed Tranche and NO 001 060503.3 for the FRN Tranche.
2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.3 Purpose and utilization 2.3.1 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be applied towards the part-financing of the
Vessel, by way of funding the last instalment to be paid by the Owning Company to the Yard at delivery of the Vessel, through the establishment of the Intercompany Loan from the Issuer to the Owning Company.
2.3.2 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date and released to the Issuer at delivery of the Vessel.
3. LISTING 3.1.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market
("ABM") or Oslo Børs.
3.1.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER 4.1.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities
Register in accordance with the Securities Register Act and the terms and conditions of the Securities Register.
4.1.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes to any of the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.
4.1.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.1.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may
be pledged.

#2896211/1

1 4 (44)

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent
6.1.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) the Bond Agreement duly executed;

(b) an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;

(c)

corporate documents and necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to enter into

the Bond Agreement, issue the Bonds and execute the relevant Security Documents

and any other documents related to or required under the Bond Agreement;

(d) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing that the individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;

(e) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(f)

the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Issuer;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;

(i)

written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.2 (Repetition) (if required);

(j)

confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities

Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning

prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 (Binding nature of this Bond Agreement) and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

#2896211/1

1 5 (44)

(l)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee; and

(m) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including any applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the requirement for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3 above, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent
6.2.1 The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be (i) used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) or, alternatively, (ii) returned to the Bondholders in the event that the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent are not satisfied for any reason at (a) par value if such failure to comply with the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent is beyond the control of the Issuer, and (b) otherwise at the rate applicable as set out in Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Redemption).

6.2.2 At the date of delivery of the Vessel, and in connection with the Bond Trustee receiving the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Escrow Account bank to release the requested amount to the Issuer or at the Issuer's instruction:

(a) a copy of a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in form and substance as set out in Attachment 2 hereto;

(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

(c) a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(d) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts are opened (other than the Escrow Account);

(e) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer, the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) and any other member of the Group (if applicable) to enter into the Bond Agreement and execute the relevant Security Documents (other than the Escrow Account Pledge) and any other documents related to or required under the Bond Agreement;

(f)

a power of attorney from the Issuer, the Owning Company and the Bareboat

Charterer (if party to a Charter) and any other member of the Group (if applicable) to

relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts

#2896211/1

1 6 (44)

Qy

from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing that the individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer, the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) and any other member of the Group (if applicable);

(g) a copy of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(h) all relevant Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge) being executed and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that the Security Documents will be executed and perfected in connection with (and simultaneously with) the release of the funds from the Escrow Account;

(i)

all legal opinions have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond

Trustee;

(j)

satisfactory evidence of all insurances in respect of the Vessel having been taken out;

(k) a copy of the protocol of delivery and acceptance in respect of the Vessel to the Owning Company; and

(l)

any other document as reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 7.1 Representations and Warranties 7.1.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of Norway, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party as well as the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for herein or therein and upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable in order to render said documents enforceable against the Issuer and any Security Interest created (or to be created) by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

#2896211/1

1 7 (44)

a --

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by the Issuer of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order applicable to the Issuer; (ii) the Issuer's articles of association, bye-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened against it which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Financial Statements etc.

The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent Quarterly Financial Report, respectively, of the Issuer, fairly and accurately reflect the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied from one year to another.

(i)

No undisclosed liabilities

As of the date of the latest Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, which were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the latest Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

#2896211/1

1 8 (44)

(k) No misleading information

All financial infonnation provided by the Issuer to the subscribers of Bonds and/or to the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represents the latest available financial information concerning the Issuer.

(l)

Environmental compliance

The Issuer, the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer are in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation, and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance hi a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(n) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(o) Encumbrances

No Encumbrances exist over any o f the shares in the Owning Company or the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter).

7.2 Repetition
7.2.1 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 (Representations and Warranties) are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.2.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement from the Escrow Account require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1 (Representations and Warranties).

7.3 Misrepresentation
7.3.1 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of any reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer herein.

#2896211/1

1 9 (44)

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 Ranking and priority
8.1.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer, secured on first priority in certain assets of the Issuer, the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) as set out herein, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with all the claims of the Issuer's other unsubordinated creditors, except for the obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
8.1.2 The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are duly executed by the Issuer, the Owning Company, the Bareboat Charterer (if applicable) and any other security provider in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of it self and the Bondholders) and that the Security Documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect. The Issuer shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder (subject only to any restrictions imposed by mandatory law and it being understood that customary limitation language will be included if so required).

9. INTEREST
9.1 Interest Fixed Tranche
9.1.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the Fixed Tranche from and including the Issue Date at a fixed rate of eight point six per cent (8.6%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.1.2 Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates, the first Interest Payment Date falling in June 2011.
9.1.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Merest Payment Date.
9.1.4 The day count fraction in respect o f the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.1.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.2 Interest FRN Tranche
9.2.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the FRN Tranche from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

# 2896211/1

20 (44)

9.2.2 Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrear on the Interest Payment Dates, the first Interest Payment Date falling in June 2011.

9.2.3 The relevant interest amount payable shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.2.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment is being made divided by 360.

9.2.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Floating

Rate

x

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION, CHANGE OF CONTROL AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity
10.1.1 The Bonds constituting the FEN Tranche shall be repaid as follows:
(a) with instalments of NOK 3,750,000 on each Interest Payment Date from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2011; and

(b) with a balloon equal to the remaining Outstanding Bonds on the Maturity Date.

10.1.2 The repayments shall be earned out pro rata between the Bonds constituting the FRN Tranche according to the procedures of the Security Register, and shall be made at par value (100%) plus accrued interest on repaid amount.

10.1.3 The Bonds constituting the Fixed Tranche shall be repaid as follows:
(a) with instalments o f NOK 3,750,000 on each Interest Payment Date from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2011; and
(b) with a balloon equal to the remaining Outstanding Bonds on the Maturity Date.

10.1.4 The repayments shall be earned out pro rata between the Bonds constituting the Fixed Tranche according to the procedures of the Security Register, and shall be made at par value (100%) plus acciued interest on repaid amount.

10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option):

(a)

from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 to, but not including, the

Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus

acciued interest on the redeemed amount);

#2896211/1

21 (44)

(b) from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(c) from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and
(d) from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
10.2.2 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through the Bond Trustee) in writing about any exercising of the Call Option at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.
10.2.3 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds, in respect of each such Bond, the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds held by such Bondholder (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued on such Bonds up to the relevant settlement date.
10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3 Change of Control
10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value plus accrued interest.
10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders of the Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible and hi any event within five (5) Business Days after a Change of Control Event has taken place.
10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen (15) Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date of the Put Option.
10.4 Mandatory Redemption
10.4.1 Upon a Mandatory Redemption Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Redemption Event, redeem 100 % of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:
(i) if occurring anytime from the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2012, at a price equal to 108.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

#2896211/1

22 (44)

(ii) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date in March 2012 to, but not including, the Merest Payment Date in March 2013, at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iii) if occurring anytime from and included the Merest Payment Date in March 2013 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2014, at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iv) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 to, but not including, the Merest Payment Date in March 2015, at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(v) if occurring anytime from and included the Merest Payment Date in March 2015 to, but not including, the Merest Payment in March 2016, at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and
(vi) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 101.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Redemption Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is earned out.
10.4.2 Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) on the earlier of (i) the date falling one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Total Loss Date, and (ii) the date the insurance proceeds are available to the Issuer.
10.4.3 The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any Mandatory Redemption Event at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption.
10.4.4 On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest acciued up to and including the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption.
10.4.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2 (Currency).

#2896211/1

23 (44)

11.2 Currency
11.2.1 If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.
11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1 within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.
11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-off and counterclaims
11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.4 Interest in the event of late payment
11.4.1 hi the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (Interest) plus five (5) percentage points.
11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4 (Event of Default).
11.5 Irregular payments
11.5.1 hr case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instinct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 (Payment Mechanics) or 11.2 (Currency) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.
12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
12.1.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). Such Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. COVENANTS
13.1 General
13.1.1 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other

#2896211/1

24 (44)

Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as any circumstances which the issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports (as the case may be) at least quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the end of the financial year and sixty (60) days after the end of each quarter;

(e) without being requested to do so, report the Asset Coverage Ratio to the Bond Trustee at least semi-annually;

(f)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(g) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notification of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(h) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Security Register; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial

condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1(d), confirm the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee in writing. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out as Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director or the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall

#2896211/1

25 (44)

describe the nature of and reasons for such non-compliance, as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and/or will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Dividends

The Issuer shall not, within a financial year, during the term of the Bonds, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders exceeding fifty per cent (50%) of Issuer's consolidated net profit aftertaxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. Any un utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall make sure that no Group Company shall cany out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall make sure that no Group Company shall cany out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting a Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business

(i) The Issuer shall not cease to cany on its business.

(ii) The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that earned on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value and that such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect (however also subject to Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Redemption).

(f)

Listing

During the term of the Bond Issue, the Issuer shall ensure that the shares in the Issuer remain listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.

(g) Financial assistance

#2896211/1

26 (44)

The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including but not limited to granting security) to any third party not being a member of the Group, other than in the ordinary course of business or as part of customary long term financing of current and future vessels.

Negative Pledge

(i) The Issuer shall not create, incur or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance on the Issuer's ownership of shares in the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter).

(ii) The Issuer shall ensure that the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (provided the Bareboat Charterer is a party to a Charter) shall not create, incur or allow to exist any other security (mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance) on any of the assets which are subject to the Security Interest under the Security Documents, other than such security which are subject to a co-ordination agreement (in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee).

(0

Transactions o f arm's length terms

The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an ami's length transaction at the tune.

6)

Restrictions on indebtedness

The Bareboat Charterer shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than (i) as is incurred under the Finance Documents; (ii) counter indemnities in respect of guarantees provided under the ordinary operations of the Bareboat Charterer; (iii) derivative transactions as referred to in paragraph (g) of the definition of Financial Indebtedness entered into in the ordinaiy course of business of the Bareboat Charterer; or (iv) as approved by the Bond Trustee.

(k) Intercompany Loan Agreement

(i) The Issuer shall ensure and shall procure that the Owing Company ensures that the Intercompany Loan Agreement is in place at the time of the disbursement of the funds from the Escrow Account pursuant to Clause 6.2 (Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent) and in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue.

(ii) The interest on and amortization of the Intercompany Loan shall be equal to the interest and amortization on the Bond Issue. Any repayments and/or prepayments of the Intercompany Loans shall be used by the Issuer to repay or prepay (as the case may be) the Bonds and so that the outstanding amount under the Intercompany Loan shall be equal to the outstanding amount in respect of the Bonds from time to time.

#2896211/1

27 (44)

(iii) The Issuer shall procure that no amendments, supplements, variations or waivers of any terms of the Intercompany Loan agreement are made without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.

(I)

Employment Contract and bareboat charterparty

If an Employment Contract is entered into between the Bareboat Charterer and the relevant contracting party, the Issuer shall ensure that the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer shall enter into a bareboat charterparty in respect of the Vessel. The Issuer shall ensure that such bareboat charter shall replicate the cash flow of the relevant Employment Contract entered into between the Bareboat Charterer and the contracting party (i.e. net charter hire received by the Bareboat Charterer under the relevant Employment Contract, less operating expenses), always provided that such cash flow is in compliance with Clause (i) above.

13.4 Financial Covenants 13.4.1 The financial covenants set out in herein shall apply at all times and be tested on a semi-annual
basis in relation to (a) below and on a quarterly basis in relation to (b) below.
(a) M arket Adjusted Equity Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis maintains a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio of minimum as follow:
(i) from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, 30 June 2011; 25.00 %,
(ii) from and including 30 June 2011 to, but not including, 30 June 2012; 26.50 %, and
(iii) from and including 30 June 2012 to the Maturity Date; 28.00 %.
The Market Adjusted Equity Ratio applies to the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) and is to be tested on a semi-annual basis.
(b) Liquidity
From the earlier of (i) the release of the funds in the Escrow Account and (ii) delivery of the Vessel to the Owning Company, the Issuer shall (on a consolidated basis) maintain Cash and Cash Equivalent of no less than NOK 150,000,000.

13.5 Vessel Covenants 13.5.1 The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following Vessel covenants.
(a) M arket Value o f Vessel
The Issuer shall ensure that the Asset Coverage Ratio is minimum one hundred and twenty per cent (120 %) at any tune following the delivery of the Vessel to the Owning Company.
(b) Flag, name and registration

# 2896211/1

(i) The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel shall be registered under Norwegian flag (NOR) or such other flag or ship registry satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(ii) The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall not, cause the flag, name or registry of the Vessel to be changed, or register the Vessel simultaneously in more than one registiy, however so that the flag and registry of the Vessel may be changed with the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld).
(c) Insurance o f the Vessel
(i) The Issuer shall and shall ensure that the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory insurance of the Vessel and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, and the Vessel shall be adequately insured against such risks, including but not limited to, Hull & Machinery, Hull Interest, Freight Interest, Protection & Indemnity as per industry standards (including contractual liability extensions) and War Risk insurance. The Issuer shall also provide for any additional insurance required under any law or Employment Contract.
(ii) The value of the Hull and Machinery insurance shall at all times be at least equal to or higher than one hundred and twenty per cent (120.00%) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents.
(iii) The insurances, and any loss payee clause or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan, latest version (as amended from time to tune) or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer).
(iv) The Issuer shall procure that the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers.
(v) The Issuer shall procure that the Owning Company and the Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall procure that the Vessel is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
(d) Classification and international regulations
(i) The Vessel shall be classified and maintained in the highest class for vessels such as the Vessel, free of any overdue recommendations, with Det Norske Veritas or another classification society acceptable to the Bond Trustee, and at all times comply with the applicable rales and regulations of the relevant classification society.
(ii) The Issuer shall ensure that the Owning Company or Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall at all times ensure compliance with all applicable

#2896211/1

29 (44)

international conventions and regulations, including SOLAS conventions and the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevention adopted by the International Maritime Organisation and the International Ship and Post security Code adopted by the International Maritime Organisation. In particular, the Issuer shall ensure that the Owning Company or Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall ensure that any charterer of the Vessel and any company performing management services for the Vessel comply with said conventions and regulations.

(e) Maintenance and management o f the Vessel (i) The Vessel shall be kept in a good and safe condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and good industry standards.

(ii) The Vessel Manager shall not be changed without prior written consent from the Bond Trustee.

(f)

Amendments to the Charter and the Management Agreement

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that the Owning Company or Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) shall not, pass any amendments, supplements, variations or waiver of any material terms of any Charter with a duration of more than six (6) months or the Management Agreement to be made if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Inspections The Issuer shall permit and shall procure that the Owning Company or Bareboat Charterer (if party to a Charter) or any charterer shall permit one person appointed by the Bond Trustee to inspect the Vessel for the account of the Issuer upon the Bond Trustee giving prior written notice. The Bond Trustee may request such inspections (i) once a year; and (ii) hi any event upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The cost of such inspection shall be covered by the Issuer.

(h) Title

The Issuer shall ensure that the Owning Company will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Vessel and (unless held by the Issuer) the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessel, free of any and all Encumbrances except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement.

14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Tinstee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by

#2896211/1

30 (44)

applicable laws), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
14.4 hi addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.2, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"):

(a)

Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations

The Issuer or any Group Company fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Breach o f the Intercompany Loan Agreement

The Owning Company fails to duly perform any covenant or obligation pursuant to the Intercompany Loan Agreement, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(cl) Cross default

Provided the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Group Company falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies:

(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee of the Issuer or any Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Group Company is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

#2896211/1

31 (44)

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

(e) Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made by the Issuer under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(f)

Insolvency

If for the Issuer or any Group Company, the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's or any Subsidiary's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsoiy manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(g) Creditors'process

If the Issuer or any Group Company has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(h) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings

The Issuer or any Group Company is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer or any Group Company.

(i)

Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer, the Owning Company or the Bareboat Charterer (as the case may be) to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(j)

Litigation

#2896211/1

32 (44)

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Issuer or any Group Company which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultations with the Issuer) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(1c) Material Adverse Effect
Any other event or series of events which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 hi the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
hi either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.410.2 {Mandatory Redemption).
1 6 . BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

#2896211/1

33 (44)

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds,
(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or
(d) the Bond Trustee.
16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange (if listed) for publication.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated hi the summons.
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be

#2896211/1

34 (44)

assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings 16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.
16.3.2 hi all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.
16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 hi the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other teims and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer); or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting 16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated
Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

#2896211/1

35 (44)

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1.3 and/or 17.1.4 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
17.2 Liability and indemnity
17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents,
#2896211/1

including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee
17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be earned out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such tune that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessaiy to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent
17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.
The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.
Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer, the Owning Company, the Bareboat Charterer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

#2896211/1

37 (44)

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders
18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register; and
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement,
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance"):
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Final Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Tmstee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;

#2896211/1

38 (44)

(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by a director or the Chief Finance Officer of the Issuer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;

(f)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge

(including certificate from a director or the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer and a

legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant

Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be

subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer, (ii) will constitute a valid, perfected

and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds

and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy,

insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under

the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the

corporate domicile of the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) the Issuer shall be released from its obligations under all provisions in Clause 13 (Covenants), except Clause 13.2 (Information Covenants), however so that the Bond Trustee may give a waiver in respect of the obligations therein;
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;
(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a)- (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.
18.2.4 Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

#2896211/1

3 9 (44)
0/

18.3 Limitation of claims 18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and
principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to information 18.4.1 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond
Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
18.5 Amendments 18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise
provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto,
18.6 Notices, contact information 18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be
sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.
18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;
(b) if by telefax, when received.
18.6.4 However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.5 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

#2896211/1

4 0 (44)

18.7.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
By: Position:

#2896211/1

41 (44)

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10

E-mail: mail@trastee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

HAVILA SHIPPING ASA SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2011/2017 ISIN NO 001 060502.5 AND NO 001 060503.3

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained in the Bond Agreement is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 (Covenants) are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement;
4. as of [date], the Market Value of the Vessels is [amount];
5. in accordance with Clause 13.4.1, the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio as of [date] is [percentage];
6. in accordance with Clause 13.4.2, the Cash and Cash Equivalent as of [date] is [amount];
7. as of [date], the Market Value of the Vessel is [amount]; and
8. in accordance with Clause 13.5.1(a), the Asset Coverage Ratio as of [date] is [amount].
Copies of our latest [Financial Statement /Quarterly Financial Report] and the latest valuation of the Vessel and the Vessels are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

#2896211/1

42 (44) Q y

Havila Shipping ASA Name o f authorized person

#2896211/1

43 (44)

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

HAVBLA SHIPPING ASA SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2011/2017 ISIN NO 001 060502.5 AND NO 001 060503.3

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

The Issuer hereby give you notice that the Issuer on [date] wishes to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) the Issuer repeats the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still time and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Havila Shipping ASA

Name o f authorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

#2896211/1

44 (44)

