ISIN NO 001 070820.9
BOND AGREEMENT between
Harkand Finance Inc. (Issuer)
Harkand Atlantis Inc. (as Vessel Owner 1 and Guarantor)
Harkand Da Vinci Inc. (as Vessel Owner 2 and Guarantor)
and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 7.50 per cent Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
#4677457/1

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1.

INTERPRETATION.........................................................

2. THE BONDS..............

2 -- .16

3. LISTING ................................................................................................

17

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY......................................................-- .17

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS....................................................................... 17

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..............................................................

17

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................

20

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................... 22

9. INTEREST..................................................................................................... -- 23

.10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.........................................
11 PAYMENTS..... .................

24 28

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS............................................................................ 29

13. COVENANTS.............................................................

29

14. FEES AND EXPENSES ...................

41

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................

42

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING............................ !........................................................ 45

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE....... .................................................

48

18. MISCELLANEOUS................

50

SCHEDULE 1 Settlement Procedure SCHEDULE 2 Compliance Certificate SCHEDULE 3 Release Notice - Escrow Account SCHEDULE 4 Form of Covenant Agreement

#4677457/1

1 (77)

This agreement has been entered into on 27 March 2014 between:

(1)

Harkand Finance Inc. (a company existing under the laws of Marshall island with

registration number 67320, 100% owned by the Issuer Parent) as issuer (the "Issuer");

(2)

Harkand Atlantis Inc. (a company existing under the laws of Marshall Island with

registration number 67322, 100% owned by the Issuer), as the owner of Atlantis and

Guarantor, (the "Vessel Owner 1");

(3)

Harkand Da Vinci Inc. (a company existing under the laws of Marshall Island with

registration number 67321, 100% owned by the Issuer), as the owner of Da Vinci and

Guarantor, (the "Vessel Owner 2"); and

(4)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Additional Capital" means the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable and, to the extent applicable, any additional Subordinated Loans to fund the part of the Purchase Price which is not funded by proceeds from the Bonds.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company.

"Alternative Charter Arrangements" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (e) (Alternative Charter Arrangements) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Approved Shipbrokers" means any of the following:

(a) Clarksons;

(b) Barry Rogliano Salles;

(c) Derrick Offshore;

(d) EA Gibson;

(e) Feamleys Offshore AS;

(f) RS Platou Shipbrokers AS;

(g) UNO Offshore AS; or

(h) Any other sale and purchase shipbroker with knowledge of the market appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee.

"Assignment of Bareboat Charters" means an assignment by the Interco Subsidiaries of their rights under the Second Bareboat Charters (or any Alternative Charter Arrangements,

#4677457/1

2(77)

as the case may be) and by the Vessel Owners of their rights under the First Bareboat Charters (or any Alternative Charter Arrangements, as the case may be), including all earnings payable under the relevant Bareboat Charter and any guarantee provided by the Charterer for payments under the First Bareboat Charters, governed by English law, including notices of, consents to (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignments from the Interco Subsidiary, Charterer and/or Qualified Subsidiary, as applicable.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment by the Vessel Owners and Charterer of their rights in respect of any insurances taken out in respect of any of the Vessels from time to time (other than third party liability insurances), governed by English law, including notices of assignments and loss payable clause to the insurers.
"Assignment of Internal Loans" means a pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) granted by the Issuer in respect of the Internal Loans (present and future), governed by English law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means an assignment of any rights of the Charterer, the Vessel Owners, the Interco Subsidiaries and/or any Qualified Subsidiary (as applicable) under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements, such assignment to include (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default, and any payments under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees and service fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager on a monthly basis, and the Charterer and the Vessel Manager (as the case may be) shall provide necessary or requested consents and acknowledgements to such assignment and provisions.
"Assignment of Subordinated Loans" means a pledge or an assignment (or such similar security under the relevant jurisdiction) granted by the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent and/or the Charterer Parent in respect of any Subordinated Loans (present and future) (if any), governed by English law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Vessel Owner Receivables" means assignments granted by the Vessel Owners in respect of the Vessel Owner Receivables (present and future) governed by English law, including notices and acknowledgements of such assignments.
"Assignment of Warranties" means an assignment by the Vessel Owners (as and if applicable) of their rights in respect of any warranties or guarantees given to the Vessel Owners in relation to the acquisition of the Vessels, governed by English law, with notices and consent (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignment from the relevant party.
"Atlantis" means the vessel named "Harkand Atlantis", a Marshall Islands flagged diving support vessel with IMO number 9441221, which will be 100% directly owned by Vessel Owner 1.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

#4677457/1

3(77)

"Balloon Payment" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10 (Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption).
"Bareboat Charters" means the First Bareboat Charters and the Second Bareboat Charters.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day when banks in Oslo and New York are open for general business, and when banks in Oslo and New York can settle foreign currency transactions.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Business Service Agreement" means an agreement between the Vessel Owners, the Issuer, the Interco Subsidiaries and the Charterer whereby the Charterer undertakes to carry out certain administrative tasks for the entities within the Issuer Group and the Interco Group, including arranging for internal and external audit and preparing financial statements. Any management fee payable to the Charterer under the Business Service Agreement shall fall due monthly, be on arm's length basis and may be varied from time to time.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.5.
"Change of Control Event" means if:
(a) any person or group other than Oaktree becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0% of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights of the Ultimate Parent;
(b) prior to an IPO, Oaktree holds less than 50.0% of the outstanding shares and/or voting right of the Ultimate Parent; or
(c) after an IPO, Oaktree holds less than 30.0% of the outstanding shares and/or voting right of the Ultimate Parent.
"Charter Contract" means time charter contracts for the employment of the Vessels entered into between the Charterer or a Sub-Charterer and a third party company which is not an Affiliate of the Group.

#4677457/1

4(77)

"Charter Contract Assignment" means an assignment of the rights (including step-in rights) of the Charterer or, as the case may be, any Sub-Charterer under any Charter Contract or, as the case may be, any Sub-Charter with a firm tenor of more than 12 months (including all earnings payable and security granted by the Client thereunder), and the Charterer or, as the case may be, any Sub-Charterer shall give notices and seek to obtain consents (if required thereunder) and acknowledgements of such assignments from the Clients, such assignment to be provided only to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Charter Contract.
"Charter Free Market Value o f the Vessels" means the sum of the fair market value of each of the Vessels in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of each of the relevant Vessels obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for such Vessels appointed by the Issuer and being selected from the list of Approved Shipbrokers. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment.
"Charterer" means Harkand EMEA Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registration number 8932350,100% owned by the Charterer Parent.
"Charterer Bond Guarantee" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (e) (Alternative Charter Arrangements) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contracts covenants and application of earnings).
"Charterer Group" means the Charterer and any of its Subsidiaries (from time to time) and the Interco Group.
"Charterer Parent" means Harkand Global Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland with registration number SC 429919, 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Client" means a party to a Charter Contract which is a third party and not an Affiliate of the Group.
"Covenant Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Covenant Providers on or about the date of this Bond Agreement in the form of Schedule 4 (Form of Covenant Agreement) whereby the Covenant Providers have provided certain undertakings.
"Covenant Providers" means the Ultimate Parent, the Charterer Parent, the Issuer Parent, the Charterer and the Interco Parent.
"Da Vinci" means the vessel named "Harkand Da Vinci", a Marshall Islands flagged diving support vessel with IMO number 9441233, which will be 100% directly owned by Vessel Owner 2,
"Debt Service Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (d) (Issuer's Debt Service Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

#4677457/1

5(77)

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the fixed charge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit in the Escrow Account (governed by Norwegian law), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means Oslo Stock Exchange.
"Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable" means the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable in the amount of approximately USD 96,700,000 owing by the Issuer to the Issuer Parent as of the disbursement date (as further defined in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure).
"Face Value" means the denomination o f each Bond, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement* (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any Quiet Enjoyment Letter, (v) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, (vi) the Covenant Agreement and (vii) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);
(b) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

#4677457/1

6(77)

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(f) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions, (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shalL be taken into account);
(h) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money;
(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and
(j) (without double counting), the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"Financial Statements" means the Issuer Financial Statements and Harkand EMEA Financial Statements.
"First Bareboat Charters" means the following bareboat charter agreements related to each of the Vessels, governed by English law:
(a) in respect of Atlantis, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Vessel Owner 1 and Interco 1, the delivery date being the date of disbursement from the Escrow Account and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date; and
(b) in respect of Da Vinci, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Vessel Owner 2 and Interco 2, the delivery date being the date of disbursement from the Escrow Account and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date.
"First Bareboat Charter Hire" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (b) (First Bareboat Charter Hire) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Floating Charge" means, to the extent permitted by law, a floating charge (to be included in a debenture or in a separate Security Document) over all the assets of the Issuer and the Vessel Owners (present and future), governed by English law.

#4677457/1

7(77)

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Ultimate Parent and all its Subsidiaries (present and future), and a "Group Company" means the Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantees" means the unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantors" means, on a joint and several basis, the Vessel Owners and the Issuer Parent.
"Harkand EMEA Group" means the Issuer Group and the Charterer Group, directly or indirectly 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Harkand EMEA Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Harkand EMEA Group for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Harkand EMEA Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Harkand EMEA Group for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, such statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Holding Company" means a company which is defined as the parent company following the principles of the Norwegian Public Companies Act of 1997 No. 45 § 1-3.
"Interco 1" means Atlantis Interco Inc., a company incorporated in Marshalls Islands with registration number 67323, 100% owned by the Interco Parent.
"Interco 2" means Da Vinci Interco Inc., a company incorporated in Marshalls Islands with registration number 67324, 100% owned by the Interco Parent.
"Interco Group" means the Interco Parent and the Interco Subsidiares.
"Interco Parent" means Harkand Interco Parent Limited, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registration number 111200, 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Interco Subsidiaries" means Interco 1 and Interco 2.
"Interest Payment Date" means March and September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the Issuer Group Interim Accounts and the Harkand EMEA Interim Accounts.
"Internal Loans" means:

#4677457/1

8(77)

(a) the loan in the total amount of USD 155,000,000 from the Issuer to Vessel Owner 1 to fund Vessel Owner 1's acquisition of Atlantis at a cost of USD 155,000,000 (as further described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure));
(b) the loan in the total amount of USD 155,000,000 from the Issuer to Vessel Owner 1 to fund Vessel Owner 1's acquisition of Da Vinci at a cost of USD 155,000,000 (as further described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure)); and
(c) any other loan from the Issuer to any of the Vessel Owners (if applicable),
all being subject to an Internal Loan Agreement.
"Internal Loan Agreement" means a loan agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), stipulating, inter alia, (i) that the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) may require the Internal Loans to be repaid immediately and in full upon acceleration of the Bonds following an Event of Default, (ii) bear interest at least equal to the Interest Rate and which may be accumulated to the principal, and (iii) be repaid by the Vessel Owners based on an amortisation schedule that mirrors the Scheduled Instalments and the Balloon Repayment (as applicable).
"IPO" means an initial public offering of shares in the Ultimate Parent on a reputable regulated market (stock exchange).
"Issuer Accounts" means the Debt Service Account, the Escrow Account, the Issuer's Earnings Account and the Liquidity Account.
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer Parent, the Issuer and the Vessel Owners.
"Issuer Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Issuer Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"Issuer Parent" means Harkand Issuer Parent Limited, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registration number 111209, 100% owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"Iremis" means Iremis Holding Ltd., a 100% Subsidiary of the Charterer.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 28 March 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

#4677457/1

9(77)

"Issuer's Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (c) (Issuer's Earnings Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"LIBOR" means the London interbank offered rate administered by the British Bankers' Association (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters, for USD and for a period of 3 months, and if the rate is less than zero, LIBOR shall be deemed to be zero.
"Liquidity Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (e) (Liquidity Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Management Agreement" means any agreement for the operational, technical and commercial management of each of the Vessels, such management agreement to be entered into between the Vessel Manager as the manager and (i) the Charterer, or (ii) the Vessel Owners (if the relevant Vessel Owner is party to a time charter), the Interco Subsidiaries (if the relevant Interco Subsidiary is party to a time charter) or any Qualified Subsidiary (if the Qualified Subsidiary is party to a bareboat charter), as applicable, in the event that any Alternative Charter Arrangements for the operation of the Vessels are put in place.
"Manager" means the joint lead managers for the Bond Issue, being:
(a) Nordea Bank Norge ASA, Nordea Markets, P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, Norway;
(b) Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 OSLO, Norway, and
(c) Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank AB (publ.), P.O. Box 1441 Vika, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means, except if it constitutes a Total Loss Event:
(a) .any of the Vessels are sold or disposed of;
(b) the Ultimate Parent ceases to own and/or control (directly) 100% of the shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer Parent;
(c) the Issuer Parent ceases to own and/or control (directly) 100% of the shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer;
(d) the Issuer ceases to own and control (directly) 100% of the shares and voting rights in any of the Vessel Owners; or
(e) the Ultimate Parent ceases to own and/or control (directly or indirectly) at least 100% of the shares and/or voting rights in any of the Interco Parent, the Interco Subsidiaries or the Charterer.

#4677457/1

10(77)

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial condition or operations of any of the Obligors, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform or comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents, (c) any of the security providers' ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Security Documents, (d) any of the Interco Subsidiaries', Charterer's or other member of the Charter Group's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bareboat Charters, if applicable, any Alternative Charter Arrangement and any guarantees provided in respect of payments thereunder or (e) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Material Charterer Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Charterer which, at the occurrence of the Event of Default, has either (i) assets in the aggregate amount of a total of USD five (5) million (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) or (ii) Financial Indebtedness and commitments for Financial Indebtedness in the aggregate amount of a total of USD five (5) million (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies). When calculating the Financial Indebtedness and commitments for Financial Indebtedness in (ii) above, any Financial Indebtedness commitments for Financial Indebtedness of the Charterer Group falling within sub-paragraphs (i) - (iv) of paragraph (d) (Cross default) of Clause 15 (Events of Default) shall be taken into account.
"Maturity Date" means 28 March 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the cross-collateralised mortgages over the Vessels, including all equipment being legally part of it under Marshall Island law, and deed of covenants, governed by Marshall Island law.
"Minimum Liquidity" means minimum USD 5 million per Vessel.
"Oaktree" means any funds or accounts managed or advised by Oaktree Capital Management L.P., or its affiliated entities.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"Original Financial Statements" means the un-audited pro-forma (meaning that it has been assumed when preparing the Original Financial Statements that the Harkand EMEA Group has been incorporated and that certain transactions contemplated by the Settlement Procedure has taken place) consolidated annual financial statements of the Harkand EMEA Group for the financial year ending 31 December 2013 and drawn up according to GAAP.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means Nordea Bank Norge ASA, in its capacity as the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Security Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of. principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

#4677457/1

11 (77)

"Pre-Disbursement Account Pledges" means the fixed charge over the Issuer's and the Vessel Owners (as applicable) claims against the relevant account bank for the amounts from time to time standing to the credit in the Issuer Accounts (excluding the Escrow Account) and the Vessel Owners' Earnings Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Project Documents" means:
(a) the Internal Loan Agreements;
(b) any Subordinated Loan Agreement;
(c) the Bareboat Charters;
(d) any contract relating to an Alternative Charter Arrangement;
(e) the Management Agreement(s); and
(f) the Business Service Agreement.
"Purchase Price" means the total purchase price of USD 310,000,000 for the Vessel Owners' acquisition of the Vessels.
"Qualified Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Charterer in which the Charterer either (i) directly or indirectly, owns 100% of the shares and voting rights, or (ii) has a reduced, direct or indirect, ownership in, if required by law in the relevant jurisdiction or due to operational requirements to have third-party shareholders in such subsidiary, and provided that (a) the Charterer, directly or indirectly, maintains a controlling interest over and owns more than 50% of the shares and voting rights in such Subsidiary and (b) any minority shareholder in such Subsidiary which is not a member of the Charterer Group shall not be an Affiliate of the Ultimate Parent.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means a quiet enjoyment letter issued by the Bond Trustee if so required by the Client as a condition for consenting to an Assignment of Charter Contract.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act (as amended and as may be amended from time to time), or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian sanctions authority.
"Scheduled Instalments" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10 (Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption).
"Second Bareboat Charters" means the following bareboat charter agreements related to each of the Vessels, governed by English law:

#4677457/1

12 (77)

rfiKS-jr

(a) in respect of Atlantis, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Interco 1 and the Charterer, the delivery date being the date of disbursement and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date; and
(b) in respect of Da Vinci, an agreement based on Barecon (with additional clauses) to be entered into between Interco 2 and the Charterer, the delivery date being the date of Disbursement and the expiry date being not earlier than the Maturity Date.
"Second Bareboat Charter Hire" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (c) (Second Bareboat Charter Hire) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation o f any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Assignment of Bareboat Charters;
(b) the Assignment of Insurances;
(c) the Assignment of Internal Loans;
(d) the Assignment of Subordinated Loans;
(e) the Assignment of Management Agreements;
(f) the Assignment of Vessel Owner Receivables;
(g) the Assignment of Warranties;
(h) the Charterer Bond Guarantee (if applicable);
(i) the Charter Contract Assignment (if applicable);
(j) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(k) the Debentures;
(l) the Guarantees;
(m) the Mortgages;

#4677457/1

13(77)

(n) the Pre-Disbursement Account Pledges;
(o) the Share Charges; and
(p) any additional security interest created from time to time by any person as security for the obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Sellers" means Gulmar Atlantis Marine Investment Inc. and Gulmar Da Vinci Marine Investment Inc., c/o Korea Marine Finance Corporation, 3F, Songam Bldg., 84, Nonhyundong, Gangnamno-gu, Seoul, Korea, 135-734.
"Settlement Procedure" means the settlement procedure described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure).
"Share Charges" means:
(a) the share charge granted by the Ultimate Parent over all of the shares of the Issuer Parent, governed by Gibraltar law;
(b) the share charge granted by the Issuer Parent over all of the shares of the Issuer, governed by New York law; and
(c) a share charge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares in each of the Vessel Owners, governed by New York law,
together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon an Event of Default) (if legally possible) from the current board members of the Issuer and covenants to obtain such from future board members;
"Solvent" means, with respect to any person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the present fair salable value of the assets of such person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (b) such person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such person's ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature and (c) such person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such persons property would be unreasonably small in relation to such business or such transaction.
"Sub-Charter" means a sub charter contract made between the Charterer and a SubCharterer relating to any one or both of the Vessels.
"Sub-Charterer" means any Qualified Subsidiary of the Charterer to which the Charterer has sub-chartered any one of or both of the Vessels
"Subordinated Loans" means subordinated loans provided by the Ultimate Parent, the Issuer Parent and/or the Charterer Parent (as the case may be) to any member of the Issuer Group, including the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable, all being subject to a Subordinated Loan Agreement.
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means a loan agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee, stipulating, inter alia, that (a) any Subordinated Loan shall (i) be fully subordinated to the Bonds, (ii) have a maturity date after the Maturity Date, (iii)

#4677457/1

14(77)

be without any debt service as long as any amount under the Bonds are outstanding, (iv) be without enforcement rights for the relevant lender, and (b) any fees and/or any accrued interest on any Subordinated Loan shall be accumulated and added to the principal of such Subordinated Loan as long as any amounts are outstanding under the Bonds.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

'Total Loss Event" means in respect of each Vessel (i) an actual, constructive, compromised or agreed total loss and (ii) requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition, hereunder expropriation (other than by requisition for hire), capture, seizure, arrest, detention or confiscation by any government or by persons acting or purporting to act on behalf of any government unless the Vessel is released from such capture, seizure, arrest, detention or confiscation within fifteen (15) days of the occurrence thereof.

"Ultimate Parent" means Harkand Luxembourg Holdings, a company incorporated in Luxembourg with registration number B 162 060, 100% owned by Oaktree.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Vessel Manager" means Harkand (AME) Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, (indirectly) 100% owned by the Charterer.

"Vessels" means Atlantis and Da Vinci (each a "Vessel").

"Vessel Owner Receivables" means any receivable arising as a consequence of the transfers by the Vessel Owners to the Issuers in accordance with sub-paragraph (i), (iii) and (iv) of paragraph (d) (Application of Earnings) in Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Vessel Owners" means Vessel Owner 1 and Vessel Owner 2.

"Vessel Owners' Accounts" means the Vessel Owners' Earnings Account and the Vessel Owners' Operating Account.

"Vessel Owners' Earnings Account" means an account in the name of any of the Vessel Owners opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (f) (Vessel Owners' Earnings Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Vessel Owners' Operating Account" means an account in the name of any of the Vessel Owners opened in accordance with and for the purpose of sub-paragraph (g) (Vessel Owners' Operating Account) of paragraph 13.9 of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

#4677457/1

15(77)

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 2.1.1
2.1.2

Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 230,000,000 (USD two hundred and thirty million).

The Face Value is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "7.50 per cent Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 070820.9.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds (net of legal costs, taxes, fees to the Managers and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be employed as follows:

(i) USD ten million (USD 10,000,000) to fund the Liquidity Account; and

(ii) the remaining part to finance in part the Purchase Price in accordance with the Settlement Procedure.

#4677457/1

16(77)

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Exchange.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to

certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transactions, including (but

not limited to):

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party, and of the Covenant Providers to execute the Covenant Agreement;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Covenant Providers to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer and the Covenant Providers;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and the Covenant Providers, evidencing that they are validly registered and existing, (ii) the Articles of Association (or similar) of the Issuer and

#4677457/1

17(77)

the Covenant Providers and (iii) any other certificate of other corporate document required in relation to the legal opinions;

(e) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists;

(f) two (2) recent broker valuations from two (2) Approved Shipbrokers appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee and not to be dated mpre than ninety (90) days prior to the Issue Date;

(g) the Original Financial Statements;

(h) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(i) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(j) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(k) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and the Covenant Providers and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);

(m) the Covenant Agreement duly executed; and

(n) establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

6.1.2 6.1.3 6.2

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.2, the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.
Disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer shall be subject to the Bond Trustee receiving all documents customary for these types of transactions, including but not limited to sub-paragraph (a) - (o) below, in the form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default);

(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer Accounts and the Vessel Owners' Accounts (except the Escrow Account) have been opened;

(c) all Project Documents, guarantee(s) from the Charterer in respect of the First Bareboat Charters, the existing bareboat charter for the Vessels and the intra-group call option agreement with the Vessel Owners duly executed;

#4677457/1

18(77)

(d) evidence that the Issuer has received the Additional Capital;
(e) confirmation from the Issuer that no Obligor has any Financial Indebtedness outstanding, nor does any Security or guarantee exist in relation to the Issuer Group's assets, other than as expressly permitted under this Agreement;
(f) satisfactory evidence that ownership of the Vessels are legally transferred to the Vessel Owners;
(g) all Security Documents (except for the Escrow Account Pledge) duly executed and perfected, together with any notices, acknowledgements, consents, letters of resignation, share certificates and other ancillary documents as applicable;
(h) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the relevant Group Companies executing the Security Documents (unless delivered in accordance with Clause 6.1, then a confirmation of the full force and effect of such resolutions shall be given);
(i) a power of attorney from the relevant Group Companies executing the Security Documents to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on the relevant Group Company's behalf;
(j) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document, evidencing that they are validly registered and existing, (ii) the Articles of Association (or similar) and (iii) any other certificate or other corporate document required in relation to the legal opinions, all in respect of the relevant Group Companies executing the Security Documents;
(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Group Companies executing the Security Documents and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);
(l) any other Finance Documents (unless delivered in accordance with Clause 6.1 and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and duly executed;
(m) satisfactory evidence that all applicable insurances related to the Vessels have been taken out, confirmed by an insurance report from the Trustee's insurance advisor (at Issuer's cost);
(n) appropriate undertakings from any person named as co-insured on the relevant insurances alongside the Vessel Owners (including without limitation each of the Interco Subsidiaries, the Charterer and the Manager) protecting the position of the trustee in relation to the insurance assignments; and
(o) customary documents and certificates related to each of the Vessels, including but not limited to, transcript of register evidencing ownership by Vessel Owner 1 and Vessel Owner 2 respectively and class certificates without any material recommendations or overdue recommendations.

#4677457/1

19(77)

6.3

Release of funds from the Escrow Account shall take place simultaneously (all or nothing)

for both Vessels and a number of fntra-Group transactions will take place on or about

Disbursement, in accordance with the Settlement Procedure.

6.4

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Clause 6.1 and Clause 6.1.2 and may as required pursuant to

an agreed closing memo preposition funds in an account belonging to the Seller or its

financiers or otherwise to accommodate the completion of the acquisition of the Vessels

and repayment of existing third party financing relating to the Vessels.

6.5

Notwithstanding the terms of this Clause 6, the Bond Trustee shall without any further

authorisation from the Issuer be authorized to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs)

due and owing related to the Bond Issue as evidenced through invoice from the Managers

using the proceeds in the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs have not been

deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7,1

The Issuer and each of the Vessel Owners represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee

that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document (except for the Floating Charges) and the Project Documents to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document and the Project Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order, (ii) its constitutional documents, or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event of Default

#4677457/t

20(77)

(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or any Project Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) Financial Statements
To the best of its knowledge, the Original Financial Statements fairly and accurately represents the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect
Since 14 March 2014 (the date of the final offering memorandum for the Bond Issue), there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
(k) No withholdings

#4677457/1

21 (77)

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of the Issuer or any Vessel Owner in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

(n) Solvency

(1) Each Vessel Owner acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Finance Documents.

(ii) Each Vessel Owner is, and immediately upon giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents will be, Solvent.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on the

date of drawdown from the Escrow Account (including date of prepositioning of funds and

release of preposition funds to the Issuer).

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Obligors. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of Subordinated Loans and Internal Loans.

8.2

All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and the

Bondholders, including but not limited to interest and expenses, shall be secured on first

priority by the Security Interests.

8.3

The Issuer shall ensure that the relevant Group Company provides from time to time any

relevant Security and executes or procure the execution of any documentation as the Bond

Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to maintain a corresponding

security position as envisaged by this Bond Agreement.

#4677457/1

22(77)

8.4

The Bond Trustee may issue a Quiet Enjoyment Letter if so required by the Client as a

condition for consenting to an Assignment of Charter Contract. Such Quiet Enjoyment

Letter shall containing substantially the covenant set out in the following: The Bond

Trustee may not interrupt the quiet use, possession and enjoyment of the Vessel by the

Client, so long as no event is continuing which would entitle the Charterer (or the Sub-

Charterer, if applicable) to terminate the Charter Contract and except as required by any

applicable law binding on the Bond Trustee, and provided that the Client, following receipt

of notice of an event of default under the Bond Agreement makes due payments as

instructed by the Bond Trustee in accordance with the Charter Contract Assignments. The

exercise by the Bond Trustee of its rights under any Finance Document will not constitute

such an interruption. Upon a default by the Charterer (or the Sub-Charterer, if applicable)

under the Charter Contract or, if applicable, Sub-Charter, the Client may terminate the

Charter Contract pursuant to its terms after first providing the Trustee with a 30 days'

notice of such default and provided that the Bond Trustee (or its nominee) shall have the

right to remedy such default by assuming the obligations of the owner thereunder.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate of Seven point five per cent. (7.50%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest on the Bonds will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date and shall be payable

semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates, the first Interest Payment Date

falls in September 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable

Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to

a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of

February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to

a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

#4677457/1

23(77)

10. 10.1 10.2

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
Maturity and instalments
The Bonds shall be partially repaid by the Issuer semi-annually with instalments of USD 10 million each (each a "Scheduled Instalment"), the first Scheduled Instalment to be paid on the Interest Payment Date in March 2015, at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) as follows:

Payment Date 28 March 2015 28 September 2015 28 March 2016 28 September 2016 28 March 2017 28 September 2017 28 March 2018 28 September 2018 The Maturity Date (28 March 2019) Sum Scheduled Instalments Ballon Repayment on the Maturity Date

Amount USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 10,000,000 USD 90,000,000 The remaining Outstanding Bonds

The Scheduled Instalments shall be reduced in accordance with Clause 10.9.4.

10.3 10.4

Any Outstanding Bonds shall, together with the last Scheduled Instalment, be repaid in full on the Maturity Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) (the "Balloon Repayment").
Payment of instalments must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.5 Call Option 10.5.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call Option):
(a) at any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 104.50% of par value as if such payment should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date in March 2016* and

#4677457/1

24(77)

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in March 2016), plus accrued interest on redeemed amount, and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2017 at a price equal to 104.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(c) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2018 at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(d) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2018 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2018 at a price equal to 101.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(e) any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2018 to and including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.5.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.5.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.5.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.5.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.5 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.6 10.6.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.6.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

#4677457/1

25 (77)

. 'rnrnrn^

10.6.3

The Put Option may be exerdsed by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the sixty days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.6.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the prinripal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.6.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.7 10.7.1

Mandatory Prepayment
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, or, in the event of sale or other disposal of any of the Vessels, or sale of shares in the Issuer Parent, the Issuer, any of the Vessel Owners, the Interco Parent, the Interco Subsidiaries or the Charterer, on or about the date upon which the sale or disposal of such shares or Vessel is completed (by transferring the redemption amount to an escrow account on the date upon which the sale or disposal of the relevant shares or Vessel is completed, for the redemption of Bonds to be carried out as soon as possible thereafter), unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem (a) 100% of the Outstanding Bonds if related to both Vessels or shares, other than shares in one of the Vessel Owners, or (b) 60% of the Outstanding Bonds if related to one of the Vessels or one of the Vessel Owners, in both instances at a price according to the Call Options as set out in Clause 10.5 (Call Option).

10.7.2

For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

10.7.3

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.7, the amount in the Liquidity Account may, subject to the Issuer being in compliance with Financial Covenants immediately thereafter, be used as part payment in relation to the mandatory prepayment.

10.7.4 Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount.

10.8 10.8.1

Total Loss Prepayment
Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the Total Loss Event, redeem (a) 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) if related to both Vessels or (b) 60% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) if related one of the Vessels.

10.8.2

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.8, the amount in the Liquidity Account or any of the insurance proceeds, subject to the Issuer being in compliance with Financial Covenants immediately thereafter, may be used as part payment in relation to the Total Loss prepayment.

10.8.3 Once (i) the relevant amount of the outstanding Bonds referred to above have been redeemed and (ii) any accrued and outstanding daily bareboat hire under the relevant

#4677457/1

26 (77)

Bareboat Charter has been paid in full and the relevant Vessel Owner has transferred all its rights related to the relevant Vessel Owners' Earnings Account to the Issuer, the corresponding Vessel Owner should further be released from any obligation under the Finance Documents.

10.9 10.9.1

Miscellaneous
A Mandatory Prepayment Event or a Total Loss Event shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the expected settlement date of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or the Total Loss Event. The settlement date may however, upon further notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, be reduced or prolonged, due to the settlement of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss Event, but not with shorter notice than five (5) Business Days before the settlement day of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss Event.

10.9.2

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall pay (if on or about the date upon which the sale or disposal of shares or a Vessel is completed, by transferring the redemption amount to an escrow account on the date upon which the sale or disposal of the relevant shares or Vessel is completed, for the redemption of Bonds to be carried out as soon as possible thereafter, as provided for in Clause 10.7.1) to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.9.3 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.9.4

In the event that a Mandatory Prepayment Event relates to the sale or Total Loss of one of the Vessels or one of the Vessel Owners, then, after such prepayment has been implemented, the remaining Scheduled Instalments shall be reduced by 60% and all future First Bareboat Charter Hire and Second Bareboat Charter Hire after the date of that prepayment shall be amended accordingly (i.e. covering at least 100% of (i) daily accruals of interest on the Bonds and Scheduled Instalments due within the next six months, and (ii) amounts of out of pocket costs or expenses or operational or administrative expenses incurred by the Issuer Group).

10.9.5

Once (i) the relevant amount of the outstanding Bonds referred to above have been redeemed and (ii) any accrued and outstanding daily bareboat hire under the relevant Bareboat Charter have been paid in full and the relevant Vessel Owner has transferred all its rights related to the relevant Vessel Owners' Earnings Account to the Issuer, the corresponding Vessel Owner should further be released from any obligation under the Finance Documents.

10.10

Voluntary Prepayment
The Issuer may prepay the Bonds in the event that the conditions precedent in Clause 6.2 for any reason are not satisfied within 26 June 2014 at (a) par value (together with accrued interest) if such failure to comply with the pre-disbursement conditions precedent is beyond the control of the Issuer and (b) otherwise at the rate applicable as set out in 10.5 (Call Option).

#4677457/1

27(77)

11.

PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance! Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
As the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOR, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOR and credited to the NOR bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

#4677457/1

28(77)

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11,5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment o f any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12.

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13.

COVENANTS

13.1 General

13.1.1

The Issuer and the Vessel Owners undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

#4677457/1

29(77)

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Issuer Financial Statements and make them available on the Ultimate Parent's website, or on a website relating to the Issuer, in English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Issuer Group Interim Accounts and make them available on the Ultimate Parent's website, or on a website relating to the Issuer, in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations;

(e) without being requested to do so, at least semi-annually in connection with the publication of its Interim Accounts, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee, at the Issuer's own cost, send to the Bond Trustee reports on the Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels not to be dated more than thirty (30) days prior to the date of submission to the Bond Trustee;

(f) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(g) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(h) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(i) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(j) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(k) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

In connection with the publication of the Issuer's financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), the Issuer shall confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing its and the Vessel Owners' compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Compliance Certificate) hereto, including relevant confirmations under the Covenant Agreement, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer and the Covenant Providers (other than the Ultimate Parent) (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance

#4677457/1

30(77)

Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3

Financial Covenants The following financial covenants shall be complied with at any time:

(a) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Issuer has at any time minimum USD 5 million per Vessel on the Liquidity Account.

(b) Asset Coverage Ratio: The aggregate Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels shall at all time exceed 125% of the Outstanding Bonds.

13.4

Issuer's General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities.
(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.
(d) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

The Issuer shall ensure that each Vessel Owner remains a single-purpose company (with no Subsidiaries) owning and bareboat chartering the relevant Vessel.

(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).
(f) A rm 's length transactions
The Issuer shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less

#4677457/1

31 (77)

favourable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.5

Issuer's Special covenants (a) Investment restrictions

The Issuer shall not invest or take part in any other activity which is not solely related to the ownership of the Vessel Owners.

(b) Dividends and other distributions

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares, make any other distribution to its shareholder (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any share issued by any party).

(c) Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues, including assignment of any of its rights under the Project Documents, or enter into arrangements having a similar effect, except for (a) any Security Interest or (b) any lien or security arising by operation of law.

(djj Financial Indebtedness restrictions

The Issuer shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) any Subordinated Loans or (iii) any Vessel Owner Receivable.

(e) Financial support restrictions

The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party, other than any Internal Loan.

(f) Subordinated Loans

(i) The Issuer shall on the disbursement date accept a Subordinated Loan from the Issuer Parent by way of the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable (as defined and described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure) as the required Additional Capital.

(ii) Additional Subordinated Loans may be provided if considered convenient.

#4677457/1

32 (77)

(s) Project Documents

(i) The Issuer shall enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the relevant Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated, insured and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents.

(ii) The Issuer shall not agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 {Intra-Group charter contracts covenants and application of earnings), changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement.

(iii) The Issuer shall ensure that any payments under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees and service fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager and the Charterer on a monthly basis.

(h) Review of the Issuer's accounts following the occurrence of an Event of Default

The Issuer shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee (at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default) facilitate a review of the Issuer's accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the Issuer's cost, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review;

(i) Sanctions

The Issuer shall procure that none of the Vessels will operate in Libya, Venezuela, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions.

13.6

Vessel Owners' General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

Each Vessel Owner shall ensure that its obligations under the relevant Guarantee and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers

No Vessel Owner shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the relevant Vessel Owner with any other companies or entities.

(c) De-mergers

No Vessel Owner shall carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.

(d) Continuation of business

(i) No Vessel Owner shall cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of its business from that

#4677457/1

33 (77)

carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

(ii) Each Vessel Owner shall remain a single-purpose company (with no Subsidiaries) owning and bareboat chartering the relevant Vessel.

(e) Disposal of business

No Vessel Owner shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).

(f) Arm 's length transactions

No Vessel Owner shall engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the relevant Vessel Owner's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the relevant Vessel Owner, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Corporate status

No Vessel Owner shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws

Each Vessel Owner shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.7

Vessel Owner's Special Covenants (a) Charter Contracts

The Vessel Owners shall procure under any First Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) that any Charter Contract shall be entered into directly between the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary and any Client.

(b) Investment restrictions

No Vessel Owner shall make any investments or capital expenditures in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and ordinary operation of each respective Vessel.

(c) Negative pledge

No Vessel Owner shall create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues, including assignment of any of its rights under the Project Documents, or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) the Security Documents, (ii) any Security arising by operation of law or (iii) any Security granted over an asset which has been provided on retention of title terms in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services).

#4677457/1

34(77)

(d) Financial Indebtedness restrictions

No Vessel Owner shall incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the (i) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) any Subordinated Loan or (iii) any Internal Loan.

(e) Financial support restrictions

No Vessel Owner shall grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the Security Documents and any lien, (ii) any Vessel Owner Receivable and (iii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the ownership and employment of its Vessel).

ff) Project Documents

(i) Each Vessel Owner shall enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the relevant Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated, insured and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents.

(ii) No Vessel Owner shall agree to or permit any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (IntraGroup charter contracts covenants and application of earnings), changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement.

(iii) The Vessel Owners shall ensure that any payments under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees and service fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager and the Charterer oh a monthly basis.

(g) Review of the Vessel Owners' accounts following the occurrence of an Event of Default

Each Vessel Owner shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee (at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default) facilitate a review of the Vessel Owners' accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the Issuer's cost, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review;

(h) Sanctions

The Issuer shall procure that none of the Vessels will operate in Libya, Venezuela, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being subject to Sanctions.

13.8

Intra-Group charter contracts covenants and application of earnings (a) Bareboat Charters

(i) The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that the Vessels are at all times employed pursuant to a First Bareboat Charter and a Second Bareboat Charter or Alternative Charter Arrangements.

#4677457/1

35 (77)

(ii) The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure under any Bareboat Charter and, if applicable, any Alternative Charter Arrangement that the Charterer remains responsible for all costs, including insurance, operational and maintenance costs, relating to the Vessels.
(b) First Bareboat Charter Hire
(i) The net daily charter hire payable under each First Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) (the "First Bareboat Charter Hire") shall be equal to 50% of the sum of (i) daily accruals of interest on the Bonds (net of its share of any gross up of any withholding tax on any payments to the Bondholders), (ii) daily accruals towards any instalment of Scheduled Instalments due within the following six months, and (iii) any amount required to reimburse the members of the Issuer Group for all amounts of out of pocket costs or expenses or operational or administrative expenses they have incurred, including without limitations amounts payable under the Business Service Agreement, and fees and expenses incurred by the Issuer in relation to the Bond Issue, always subject to any adjustments in accordance with Clause 10.9.4.
(ii) In the event that any withholding tax or similar should be imposed on payments of First Bareboat Charter Hire, there shall be a gross up of such payments, so that the entire cost of such withholding shall be to the account of the relevant Interco Subsidiary.
(iii) The First Bareboat Charter Hire shall be payable monthly in advance on, unless a time charter has been entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner in accordance with Alternative Charter Arrangements, a "hell and high water" basis (meaning that except for a Total Loss Event, the relevant Interco Subsidiary (or, if applicable due to an Alternative Charter Arrangement, the Charterer or a Qualified Subsidiary) may not terminate the First Bareboat Charter for cause and the relevant Interco Subsidiary (or, if applicable due to an Alternative Charter Arrangement, the Charterer or a Qualified Subsidiary) is obliged to pay the First Bareboat Charter Hire in all circumstances from and including the delivery of the relevant Vessel under the charter contract until the Maturity Date).
(iv) All payments of First Bareboat Charter Hire shall, unless a time charter has been entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner in accordance with Alternative Charter Arrangements, be 100% guaranteed by the Charterer.
(c) Second Bareboat Charter Hire
(i) The daily charter hire payable under each Second Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) (the "Second Bareboat Charter Hire") shall be payable monthly in advance on an "as and when" basis and:
(A) shall be set at a market rate;
(B) may have differential rates depending on utilisation of the relevant Vessel; and

#4677457/1

36 (77)

(C) may be amended from time to time by written agreement of the relevant Interco Subsidiary and the Charterer or, if applicable due to an Alternative Charter Arrangement, the relevant Qualified Subsidiary,
provided always that the Second Bareboat Charter Hire shall not be less on a per-day basis than the First Bareboat Charter Hire.
(ii) In the event that any withholding tax or similar should be imposed on payments of Second Bareboat Charter Hire, there shall be a gross up of such payments, so that the entire cost of such withholding shall be to the account of the Charterer or, if applicable, the relevant Qualified Subsidiary.
(d) Application of Earnings
The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that all payments of First Bareboat Charter Hire and the Vessel Owners' other net earnings relating to the Vessels, including insurance and sale proceeds, are paid into the relevant Vessel Owner's Earnings Account, and the Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that the following transfers and payments are made on a monthly basis within five (5) days after receipt of such earnings {`Transfer Date"):
(i) firstly, each Vessel Owner shall transfer from its Vessel Owners' Earnings Account to the Issuer Earnings Account as an advance payment a proportionate amount of any amounts falling due under any Internal Loan on the next Interest Payment Date to ensure all amounts due on the next Interest Payment Date is paid by the Vessel Owners on or before that due date;
(ii) secondly, each Vessel Owner shall set aside and retain on the Vessel Owners' Earnings Account or, if considered convenient, the Vessel Owners' Operating Account an amount sufficient to cover operational and administrative costs of the relevant Vessel Owner, including SG&A, and including amounts payable under the Business Service Agreement (unless such fees payable to the Charterer have been set off against the charter hire);
(iii) thirdly, each Vessel Owner shall transfer to the Issuer Earnings Account an amount sufficient to cover operational and administrative costs of the Issuer, including SG&A, and including amounts payable under the Business Service Agreement (unless such fees payable to the Charterer have been set off against the charter hire); and
(iv) each Vessel Owner shall transfer any remaining amounts standing to the credit of its Vessel Owners' Earnings Account to the Issuer Earnings Account.
(e) Alternative Charter Arrangements
(i) If required for tax purposes and subject to the condition in sub-paragraph (iii) below:
(A) any of the First Bareboat Charters may be replaced with:

#4677457/1

37 (77)

(1) a bareboat charter agreement entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner directly with the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary (all payments under such bareboat charter agreement with a Qualified Subsidiary to be guaranteed by the Charterer); or
(2) a time charter entered into by the relevant Vessel Owner directly with the relevant Interco Subsidiary, the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary, subject to the Charterer providing an unconditional and irrevocable on demand guarantee for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents (a "Charterer Bond Guarantee"), any such Charterer Bond Guarantee to be limited to an amount equal to the aggregate amount, calculated immediately prior to a Default being declared, of Interest Payments (whether accrued or not) and the present value of the Scheduled Instalments; and
(B) any of the Second Bareboat Charters may be:
(1) replaced with a time charter entered into by the relevant Interco Subsidiary directly with the Charterer or any Qualified Subsidiary; or
(2) novated by the Charterer to a Qualified Subsidiary.
(ii) The net hire receivable by each Vessel Owner under any Alternative Charter Arrangements (after accounting for any expenses which the Vessel Owner may incur as a result of such Alternative Charter Arrangements, including under any Management Agreement), shall be not less than the relevant First Bareboat Charter Hire.
(iii) Alternative Charter Arrangements may only be entered into on the condition that the Bondholders will obtain a security position which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, is no less favourable to the Bondholders under such Alternative Charter Arrangements than as contemplated herein. In particular, Security over the Vessel Owners', the Interco Subsidiaries' and any Qualified Subsidiary's (as applicable) rights under the Alternative Charter Arrangement (whether a bareboat charter or time charter) shall be provided as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents and evidenced to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, including by way of legal opinions in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, if requested by the Bond Trustee.
13.9 Bank Accounts (a) General: The Issuer and each of the Vessel Owners shall maintain at any time all their bank accounts with first class international bank(s) with a credit rating of at least `A' or Royal Bank of Scotland pic, as selected by the Issuer, save for the Escrow Account and the Liquidity Account which shall be in Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway.
(b) Escrow Account

#4677457/1

38 (77)

(i) The Issuer shall prior to the Issue Date establish an Escrow Account with the Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway, and the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred by the Managers to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date. The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and blocked.
(ii) The funds in the Escrow Account shall only be (i) used by the Issuer according to Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) or, alternatively, (ii) used by the Issuer in connection with an early repayment of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.10 (Voluntary Prepayment).
(c) Issuer's Earnings Account
(i) The Issuer shall procure that all payments from each Vessel Owner as borrower under the relevant Internal Loans and all other amounts receivable by the Issuer shall be paid directly by each Vessel Owner to the Issuer Earnings Account.
(ii) The Issuer Earnings Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee, but not blocked (unless an Event of Default is continuing), and amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Issuer Earnings Account shall (amongst other) be utilised by the Issuer to service the Bonds as and when such payments under the Bonds are due as transfers to the Issuer's Debt Service Account.
(d) Issuer's Debt Service Account
(i) Commencing from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall on a monthly basis ensure that an amount equivalent to 1/6 of the next coupon payment under the Bond Issue is transferred to the Issuer Debt Service Account. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, on a monthly basis commencing from 28 September 2014 ensure that an amount equivalent to 1/6 of the next Scheduled Instalments (as defined above) is transferred to the Issuer Debt Service Account.
(ii) The Issuer Debt Service Account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee. The deposited amount shall only be released and applied for payments of interest and Scheduled Instalments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(e) Liquidity Account: The Issuer shall prior to the release from the Escrow Account open a Liquidity Account with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway. In connection with the draw-down from the Escrow Account, the Issuer shall deposit an amount equal to the Minimum Liquidity into the Liquidity Account. The Liquidity Account shall be held with Nordea Bank Norge ASA in Norway, pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and blocked.
(f) Vessel Owners' Earnings Accounts: Each Vessel Owner shall procure that all its First Bareboat Charter Hire, all of that Vessel Owner's other net earnings relating to its Vessel and any insurance or sale proceeds shall be paid to the relevant Vessel Owners' Earnings Account. Each Vessel Owners' Earnings Account shall be pledged

#4677457/1

39 (77)

and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee with a standing order to make the payments referred to in the Application of Earnings above.
(g) Vessel Owners' Operating Accounts: Each Vessel may open a Vessel Owners' Operating Account, which shall be pledged, but not blocked, for the purpose of setting aside the amounts to be set aside pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (d) (Application of Earnings) of Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special covenants).
13.10 Vessel Covenants ( a ) . Maintenance
Each Vessel Owner shall enforce any rights that it may have to ensure that the Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents, proper industry standards and according to a planned maintenance system.
(b) Insurances
(i) The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall procure that:
(A) the Charterer at all times provides for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of each of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, including as set out in subparagraph (B) below, hereunder to retain each of the Vessels in class;
(B) under the Bareboat Charters (and any replacement thereof) each of the Vessels shall be required to be adequately insured against (i) Hull & Machinery risks at least to the full value of each of the Vessels and in aggregate at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, (ii) third party liability insurance (P&l) as per industry standards, (iii) war risk (including expropriation risk) as per industry standards and (iv) any additional insurance required under any law or any Charter Contract;
(C) all insurances shall be maintained with reputable insurers of financial standing as approved by the Bond trustee;
(D) the Bond Trustee shall be named as an additional co-assured on the insurances set out above (except for the third party liability insurance (P&l)); and
(E) the insurances and loss payee clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favourable terms and standard letters of undertaking or similar shall be issued in favour of the Trustee in respect of the insurances set out above.
(ii) The Bond Trustee may (on behalf of the Bondholders) take out Mortgagee's Interest Insurance, and Mortgagee's Additional Perils and Pollution Insurance for a Vessel operating in areas where MAPPI is relevant from time to time (in the opinion of the Bond Trustee), on market terms at the cost of the Issuer and for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders.

#4677457/1

40(77)

(C) Title

(i) Each Vessel Owner shall hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in its Vessel and the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessel and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security except for that expressly permitted under Clause 13 (Covenants).

(ii) No Vessel Owner shall dispose of a Vessel unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment).

(d) Class, flag, name, registry

From the delivery date, the Issuer and each Vessel Owner shall ensure that each Vessels . maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in the Marshall Islands
only, and that the Vessels are submitted to such periodic or other surveys as may be required for classification purposes and to ensure full compliance with regulations of the applicable ship registry.

(e) Operations in accordance with laws etc.

The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are operated in accordance with any relevant laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

(f) Condition and repairs

The Issuer and the Vessel Owners shall at all times ensure that the Vessels are kept in a good, safe and efficient condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2

The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3

Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent)

#4677457/1

41 (77)

in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4

Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5

The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6

If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7

If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the . Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15. 15.1

EVENTS OF DEFAULT The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach of other obligations under the Finance Documents

Any Obligor, any Covenant Provider or other security provider does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Breach of other obligations under the Project Documents

Any Obligor or any Covenant Provider does not comply with any material provision pursuant to the Project Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

#4677457/1

42(77)

(d) Cross default
If for any Obligor, any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD five (5) million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply, however excluding any default under the existing vessel financing (to be repaid on the disbursement date) arising between the Issue Date and the disbursement date.
(e) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(f) Insolvency
(i) Any Obligor, any Covenant Provider, the Vessel Manager, any other member of the Charterer Group being party to a Bareboat Charter, Alternative Charter Arrangement or Sub Charter, or any Material Charterer Subsidiary is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor, any Covenant Provider, the Vessel Manager, any other member of the Charterer Group being party to a Bareboat Charter, Alternative Charter Arrangement or Sub Charter, or any Material Charterer Subsidiary is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor, any Covenant Provider, the Vessel Manager, any other member of the Charterer Group being party to a Bareboat Charter, Alternative Charter Arrangement or Sub Charter, or any Material Charterer Subsidiary.

#4677457/1

43(77)

(g) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

if for any Obligor, any Covenant Provider, the Vessel Manager, any other member of the Charterer Group being party to a Bareboat Charter, Alternative Charter Arrangement or Sub Charter, or any Material Charterer Subsidiary, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

(h) Creditors' process

Any Obligor, any Covenant Provider, the Vessel Manager, any other member of the Charterer Group being party to a Bareboat Charter, Alternative Charter Arrangement or Sub Charter, or any Material Charterer Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

(i) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor, any Covenant Provider or any other member of the Charterer Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document or Project Document to which it is a party.

(j) Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

#4677457/1

44(77)

15.3

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not derided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority derided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.5.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all derisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall

be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but

may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a

corresponding reduction of principal.

«

___

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;



(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

#4677457/1

45(77)

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes^ shall state-the numbers o f Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and, provided the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

#4677457/1

46(77)

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business oh the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are

properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions

being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any

· applicable law.

'

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

#4677457/1

47(77)

17.

THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach derisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a derision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 17 or elsewhere in this Bond Agreement to the contrary, by its purchase of its Bond(s), each Bondholder shall be deemed to have appointed and authorized the Bond Trustee to act as security trustee on behalf of the Bondholders with regard to (i) the security, powers, rights, titles, benefits and interests (both present and future) constituted by and conferred thereon under, or pursuant to, the Mortgage (including, without limitation, the benefit of all covenants, undertakings, representations, warranties and obligations given, made or undertaken by the Issuer in the Mortgage), (ii) all monies, property and other assets paid or transferred thereto or vested therein or in any agent thereof or received or recovered thereby or by any agent thereof pursuant to, or in connection with, the Mortgage, whether from the Issuer or any other person, and (iii) all monies, investments, property or other assets at any time representing or deriving from any of the foregoing, including all interest, income and other sums at any time received or receivable thereby or by any agent thereof in respect of the same (or any part thereof). The Bond Trustee, by its acceptance and agreement hereto, hereby accepts

#4677457/1

48 (77)

its appointment but shall have no obligations or liabilities as security trustee under the Mortgage except those expressly set forth in this Bond Agreement and the Mortgage.

17.1.6

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.7 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.9 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.11 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

#4677457/1

49 (77)

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

#4677457/1

50 (77)

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18,2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the

#4677457/1

51 (77)

Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Obligors or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no Obligor shall) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3

Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond

#4677457/1

52(77)

Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact Information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, any Obligor or any other Group Company shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last Week or the last month which, according to its name or number,

#4677457/1

53 (77)

corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8

Process Agent
The Obligors shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

#4677457/1

54(77)

Issuer: Harkand Finance Inc.
Vessel Owner 2: Harkand Da Vinci Inc.

SIGNATORIES:
Vessel Owner 1: Harkand Atlantis Inc.
By: Name: Title:

Bond Trustee: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

By: Name: © L -f \ M Title:

ard

#4677457/1

55 (77)

SCHEDULE 1 Settlement Procedure

On the disbursement date, a number of transaction steps, including the following, will be implemented simultaneously and on an inter-conditional basis so that no one step will be implemented unless all are implemented in order for the Vessel Owners to acquire the Vessels. Amounts given are estimates and liable to change following confirmation of the disbursement date and applicable balances as well as confirmation of fees costs and expenses.

The transaction steps can be summarised and will take place in all material respects as follows:-

1.

Vessel Owner 1 will acquire from Iremis Interco Ltd. (Sharjah branch) (the "Existing

Bareboat Charterer") all of its rights relating to the Atlantis, including the call option to acquire it,

at a price of [88.7] million, which will remain outstanding as a receivable in the hands of the

Existing Bareboat Charterer (the "Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1").

2.

Vessel Owner 2 will acquire from the Existing Bareboat Charterer all of its rights relating to

the Da Vinci, including the call option to acquire it, at a price of [88.7] million, which will remain

outstanding as a receivable in the hands of the Existing Bareboat Charterer (the "Existing Bareboat

Charterer Receivable 2").

3.

USD [66.3] million of the funds released from the from the Escrow Account in accordance

with Purpose of the Bond Issue (ii) above will be applied by the Issuer to Vessel Owner 1 as an

Internal Loan (the "Internal Loan 1"), and Vessel Owner 1 will on-lend the proceeds to Iremis (the

"Iremis Loan 1")

4.

USD [66.3] million of the funds released from the Escrow Account in accordance with

Purpose of the Bond Issue (ii) above will be applied by the Issuer to Vessel Owner 2 as an Internal

Loan (the "Internal Loan 2"), which will on-lend the proceeds to Iremis (the "Iremis Loan 2")

5.

Iremis will use the proceeds of Iremis Loan 1 and Iremis Loan 2 to repay in full USD [132.6]

million debt outstanding to Natixis and the junior lenders secured on the Atlantis and Da Vinci (the

"Existing Debt").

6.

Vessel Owner 1 will exercise the call option to acquire the Atlantis. Harkand Atlantis Marine

Investment SA will transfer registered title to the Atlantis to Vessel Owner 1.

7.

Repayment of the Existing Debt will cause Iremis to recognise receivables of USD [66.3]

from Vessel Owner 1 and USD [66.3] million from Vessel Owner 2. These receivables will offset

against Iremis Loan 1 and Iremis Loan 2, respectively, reducing the net balance receivable in each

case to nil.

8.

The remaining funds released from the Escrow Account in accordance with Purpose of the

Bond Issue (ii) above in the amount of USD [80.7] million will be lent by the Issuer to Iremis (the

"Iremis Loan 3").

9.

Iremis will use the proceeds of Iremis Loan 3 ([80.7] million) to repay debt outstanding to

International Shipping Finance 4711 Limited, a shareholder affiliate ("ISF"). ISF will reinvest these

cash proceeds in the Charter Parent.

#4677457/1

56(77)

10. Vessel Owner 2 will exercise the call option to acquire the Da Vinci. Harkand Da Vinci Marine Investment SA will transfer registered title to the Atlantis to Vessel Owner 2.
11. The Existing Bareboat Charterer will assign the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 and the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 to its immediate parent company, Iremis, in return for a back to back receivable equal to the Sum of these two receivables (USD [177.4] million).
12. Vessel Owner 1 will novate its liabilities under the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 to the Issuer, in return for accepting a back to back intercompany liability to the Issuer of equal amount ([88.7] million). This intercompany liability will be added to the balance of the Internal Loan 1, bringing the balance to USD 155 million.
13. Vessel Owner 2 will novate its liabilities under the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 to the Issuer, in return for accepting a back to back intercompany liability to the Issuer of equal amount ([88.7] million). This intercompany liability will be added to the balance of the Internal Loan 2, bringing the balance to USD 155 million.
14. The Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 1 and the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable 2 (together, the "Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable") will represent a liability of the Issuer towards Iremis of USD [177.4 million]. The Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable will offset against the Iremis Loan 3, reducing the net balance of the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable to USD [96.7].
15. Iremis will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent, the Charterer, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount.
16. The Charterer will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent, the Charter Parent, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount. The Charter Parent will convert any such receivable into a preference share in the Charterer.
17. The Charterer Parent will distribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate parent, the Ultimate Parent, as dividend in specie or in return for a back to back receivable o f the same amount.
18. The Ultimate Parent will contribute the Existing Bareboat Charterer Receivable to its immediate subsidiary, the issuer Parent, in return for a back to back receivable of the same amount (constituting a Subordinated Loan).

#4677457/1

57(77)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 2 Compliance Certificate

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail; mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Bond Agreement 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 0708209
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tilljtsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders and Harkand Finance Inc. as Issuer, and the Covenant Agreement, in each case under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer hereby certifies that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

Would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Obligors since the

date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 (Covenants) of the Bond Agreement are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement;

4.

in accordance with Clause 13.3 (Financial Covenants) of the Bond Agreement:

(a) Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer has USD [·] on the Liquidity Account; and

(b) Asset Coverage Ratio: The aggregate Charter Free Market Value of the Vessels is [·]% of the aggregated outstanding principal amount under the Bond Issue.

With reference to Clause 1 (Information Covenants) of the Covenant Agreement:

5.

The Issuer Parent, the Interco Parent, the Charterer Parent and the Charterer hereby

certify that all information contained herein, including in the enclosed Harkand EMEA

Group's financial statements/interim accounts (as applicable), is true and accurate;

6.

the Charterer Parent, the Charterer, the Issuer Parent and the Interco Parent hereby

certify that the covenants applicable to it set out in Clause 5 (Ultimate Parent Covenants)

to Clause 9 (Interco Parent Covenant) of the Covenant Agreement are satisfied; and

#4677457/1

58(77)

7.

the Charterer hereby certify that in accordance with Clause 3 (Financial Covenants) of the

Covenant Agreement:

Current Ratio: The Charterer Group's Current Ratio is minimum 1:1.

Copies of the Harkand EMEA Group's and the Issuer's latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

The Issuer:

Harkand Finance Inc.

Name o f authorized person
The Charterer Parent: Harkand Global Holdings Limited Name o f authorized person
The Charterer: Harkand EMEA Limited

Name o f authorized person
The Issuer Parent: Harkand Issuer Parent Limited

Name of authorized person
The Interco Parent: Harkand Interco Parent Limited

#4677457/1

59 (77)

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#4677457/1

60

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 3 Release Notice - Escrow Account

[date]

Dear Sirs,
Harkand Finance Inc. Senior Secured Bond Agreement 2014/2019 - lSIN 001 0708209 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [dote] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account to be applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement in accordance with the agreed closing procedure, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Harkand Finance Inc.

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#4677457/1

61 (77)

SCHEDULE 4 Form of Covenant Agreement

#4677457/1

62(77)

COVENANT AGREEMENT between
Harkand Luxembourg Holdings Harkand Global Holdings Limited
Harkand EMEA Limited Harkand Issuer Parent Limited Harkand Interco Parent Limited
and Norsk Tillitsman ASA (as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders)
in relation to the 7.50 per cent Harkand Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

#4677457/1

www.bahr.no

63 (77)

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION........................................................... .......... 65
2. REPRESENTATIONS......................................................... ................................ 66

3. FINANCIAL COVENANTS.................... .............. ........................... .................... 68

4. In f o r m a t io n c o v e n a n t s ............................................................................... 68

5. ULTIMATE PARENT COVENANTS .................................... .......... .......................... 69

6. CHARTERER COVENANTS........... ...................... ........................................... .

70

7. CHARTERER PARENT COVENANTS ................................. ............ ......................... 72

8. ISSUER PARENT COVENANTS ................................................................. ............ 73

9. INTERCO PARENT COVENANT.............................................. ............................. 74

10. EVENT OF DEFAULT......................................... ................. ..................... ....... 75

11. NOTICES.......................... ............ ............... .............. ................................. 75

12. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS......... ........................................ ......................... 75

13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE................... .......................................... 75

14. PROCESS AGENT..... ................ .................................................................. .

76

#4677457/1

64(77)

THIS COVENANT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made on 27 March 2014 between:

(5)

Harkand Luxembourg Holdings, a private limited liability company (societe a

responsabilite limitee) incorporated in Luxembourg, having its registered address at 26A,

boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with a share capital

amounting to USD 20,175.25 registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register

under number B 162.060 (the "Ultimate Parent");

(6)

Harkand Global Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland with registration

number SC 429919 (the "Charterer Parent");

(7)

Harkand EMEA Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registration

number 8932350 (the "Charterer");

(8)

Harkand Issuer Parent Limited, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registration

number 111209 (the "Issuer Parent");

(9)

Harkand Interco Parent Limited, a company incorporated in Gibraltar with registration

number 111200 (the "Interco Parent"); and

(10) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, of Haakon Vll's gt 1, N-0161 Oslo, Norway, as trustee on behalf of the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement (as defined below)) (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS:

(A)

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD

230,000,000 and the Bond Issue is regulated by a bond agreement dated on or about the

date hereof with ISIN NO 001 070820.9 (the "Bond Agreement") made between Harkand

Finance Inc. (the "Issuer"), the Vessel Owners and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the

Bondholders).

(B)

The Ultimate Parent, the Charterer Parent, the Charterer, the Issuer Parent and the

Interco Parent have agreed to enter into this Agreement with the Bond Trustee in order to

make certain undertakings to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as required

under the Bond Agreement.

(C)

This Agreement is a condition precedent for disbursement of the net proceeds from the

Bond Issue to the Escrow Account-

(D)

This Agreement constitutes a Finance Document under the Bond Agreement.

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows;

19. 19.1

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION
Definitions Unless explicitly defined herein, all capitalized terms used shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Bond Agreement.

"Charterer Group's Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Charterer Group's equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP, however, when calculating the Charterer Group's equity and liabilities, any guarantees provided by the Charterer Group shall be treated as on-balance sheet liabilities.

#4677457/1

65 (77)

"Charterer Group's Equity Ratio" means the ratio of the Charterer Group's Equity to the Charterer Group's Total Assets, based on an extract of the numbers applying for the Charterer Groups as they appear in the most recent Financial Statements or Interim Accounts (as adjusted to give effect to any debt incurrence and pay down since the date thereof).

"Charterer Group's Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Charterer Group's total assets treated as total assets in accordance with GAAP.

"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the assets of the Charterer Group which are treated as current assets in accordance with GAAP.

"Current Liabilities" means on any date, the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Charterer Group's liabilities which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with IFRS.

"Current Ratio" means the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.

"Permitted Additional Debt" means (i) Financial Indebtedness provided that the Charterer Group's Equity Ratio immediately following such incurrence of Financial Indebtedness is no less than 35% and (ii) for the Charterer Group (save for any member of the Interco Group), intra-group loans among themselves and guarantees to third parties not being a member of the Group in the ordinary course of business.

"Permitted Additional Debt Security" means Security for Permitted Additional Debt in assets of any member of the Charterer Group (save for any member of the Interco Group), save for any assets subject to a Security Interest.

19.2

Construction Clause 1.2 of the Bond Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if set out herein in full.

20. REPRESENTATIONS Each Covenant Provider represents and warrants on behalf of itself to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

nAbTiA^m

66 (77)

This Agreement and each other Finance Document and the Project Documents to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it other than i.a. the registration of the Security Documents entered into by the Charterer with Companies House of England and Wales.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Agreement and any other Finance Document and the Project Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order, (ii) its constitutional documents, or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any other Finance Document or any Project Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(f) Financial Statements
In respect of the Covenant Providers, excluding the Ultimate Parent, and as represented by the Covenant Providers, excluding the Ultimate Parent, only: To the best of its knowledge, the Original Financial Statements fairly and accurately represents the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(g) No Material Adverse Effect
Since 14 March 2014 (the date of the final offering memorandum for the Bond Issue), there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Charterer's Centre o f main interests and establishments
In respect of the Charterer and as represented by the Charterer only: For the purposes of The Council of the European Union Regulation No. 1346/2000 on Insolvency Proceedings (the Regulation), the Charterer's centre of main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) is situated in England and Wales and it has no "establishment" (as that term is used in Article 2(h) of the Regulation) in any other jurisdiction.

#4677457/1

67(77)

(V Ultimate Parent representations
In respect of the Ultimate Parent and as represented by the Ultimate Parent only;
(i) its head office (administration centrale), the place of its effective management (siege de direction effective) and (for the purposes of the Council Regulation (EC) n"1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on insolvency proceedings) the centre of its main interests (centre des interets principaux) are located at the place of its registered office (siege statutaire) in Luxembourg;
(ii) it is not subject to any bankruptcy proceedings or proceedings for voluntary arrangement with its creditors (concordat preventif de faillite), controlled management (gestion controlee) or suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) or any foreign law proceedings having similar effects;
(iii) no demand, order or resolution for the winding-up or liquidation of the Ultimate Parent, or for the protection of the Ultimate Parent, from its creditors (or foreign law proceedings having similar effects) has been filed or is currently pending before a court of competent jurisdiction; and
(iv) all the legal requirements of the Luxembourg law of 31 May 1999, as amended, regarding the domiciliation companies have been complied with by the Ultimate Parent.
(j) Repeating representations
The representations and warranties set out in Clause 20 are made on the execution date of this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on the date of drawdown from the Escrow Account (including date of prepositioning of funds and release of preposition funds to the Issuer).
21. FINANCIAL COVENANTS The Charterer shall ensure that following financial covenants are complied with at any time:
Current Ratio: The Charterer Group shall at all times maintain a Current Ratio of minimum 1 :1 .
22. INFORMATION COVENANTS (a) The Charterer, the Charterer Parent, the Interco Parent and the Issuer Parent undertakes to:
(i) without being requested to do so, prepare Harkand EMEA Financial Statements and make them available on the Ultimate Parent's website, or on a website relating to the Issuer, or make such reports available to the Bond Trustee (for publication on Stamdata), in English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations; and

#4677457/1

68 (77)

(ii) without being requested to do so, prepare Harkand EMEA Interim Accounts and make them available on the Ultimate Parent's website, or on a website relating to the Issuer, or make such reports available to the Bond Trustee (for publication on Stamdata), in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable rules and regulations.

(b) Each of the Covenant Providers (other than the Ultimate Parent) shall in connection with the publication of the financial reports under this Clause 22 confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the their compliance with the relevant covenants in Clause 23 (Ultimate Parent Covenants) to 27 (Interco Parent Covenant) and the Charterer shall confirm the compliance with the covenants in 21 (Financial Covenants) unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a Compliance Certificate. In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the noncompliance.

23. ULTIMATE PARENT COVENANTS
(a) The Ultimate Parent undertakes from the date of this Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 23.

(b) The Ultimate Parent undertakes to:

(i) not grant any loans to any member of the Issuer Group or the Interco Group other than Subordinated Loans to the Issuer Group;

(ii) provide a Subordinated Loan to the Issuer Parent on the disbursement date as set out in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure) of the Bond Agreement;

(iii) ensure that no Security is created or permitted to exist over any of the shares

<

issued by the Issuer Parent (save for pursuant to the Security Documents) or

the Interco Parent;

(iv) not agree to or permit the assignment of any of its rights under any Subordinated Loan Agreement, other than pursuant to the Security Documents;

(v) act in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations;

(vi) ensure that any transaction with any direct or indirect shareholder of the Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or other related parties shall be on bona fide arms' length terms;

(vii) not to agree to any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings), changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement; and

#4677457/1

69(77)

(viii) procure that the Charterer, the Charterer Parent, the Interco Parent and the Issuer Parent fulfil their obligations under Clause 22(a) (Information Covenants).

24.

CHARTERER COVENANTS

(a) The Charterer undertakes from the date of this Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 24 and Clause 21 (Financial Covenants).

(b) The Charterer undertakes to:

(i) remain responsible under any Bareboat Charter (and any replacement thereof) for all operating costs relating to the relevant Vessel including insurance, operational and maintenance costs relating to the relevant Vessel;

(ii) ensure that it and any of its Subsidiaries complies with its obligations under the Second Bareboat Charters, the Charter Contracts and any Alternative Charter Arrangements (in all material respects);

(iii) procure that the Second Bareboat Charter Hire is in compliance with paragraph (c) (Second Bareboat Charter Hire) of Clause 13,8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement;

(iv) for the purposes of The Council o f the European Union Regulation No. 1346/2000 on Insolvency Proceedings (the Regulation), have its centre of main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the Regulation) situated in England and Wales and have no "establishment" (as that term is used in Article 2(h) of the Regulation) in any other jurisdiction;

(v) ensure that any payments under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees and service fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager and the Charterer on a monthly basis;

(vi) upon the request of the Bond Trustee at any time following the Occurrence of an Event of Default, facilitate a review of its accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee (any costs reasonably incurred by the Bond Trustee in relation to such review to be covered by the Issuer), and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review;

(vii) act in and procure that its Subsidiaries act in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations; and

(viii) procure that none of the Vessels will operate in Libya, Venezuela, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country or area being Subject to Sanctions.

(c) The Charterer shall not, and undertakes to procure that its Subsidiaries shall not, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee:

#4677457/1

70(77)

(i) agree to any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement, changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement;
(ii) enter into any charter arrangements for the Vessels other than Charter Contracts or, if applicable, Sub-Charters;
(iii) create or permit to subsist any Security over any of the assets or shares of the Charterer and any of its Subsidiaries or enter into arrangements having a similar effect, except for (a) any Security Interest, (b) any lien or security arising by operation of law, (c) any lien or security granted over an asset which has been provided on retention of title terms in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services), (d) Permitted Additional Debt Security, (e) in relation to the chartering in of any vessel, any security over any of its rights, benefits or earnings relating to such vessel, or (f) in relation to existing third party financing of the Vessels, to be repaid on the disbursement date;
(iv) incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than Permitted Additional Debt and in relation to existing third party financing of the Vessels, to be repaid on the disbursement date;
(v) engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Charterer's or the relevant Subsidiary's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Charterer or the relevant Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(vi) make any investments or capital expenditures, except as related to its current business, being provision of underwater survey, light construction, inspection, maintenance and repair services, including ownership, provision and operation of related assets, equipment and professional expertise, and directly related activities;
(vii) grant any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance to any party, other than (i) the Security Interests, (ii) the guarantee for the obligations under the First Bareboat Charterer (and any replacement thereof), (iii) Permitted Additional Debt and (iv) Permitted Additional Debt Security;
(viii) not enter into any contract of employment of any of the Vessels other than Charter Contracts and, if applicable, any Sub-Charter;
(ix) cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business from that carried out at the date of this Agreement;

#4677457/1

71 (77)

(x) change the order of payments from the order set out in paragraph [(d) (Application or Earnings)] in Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement;
(xi) carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Charterer or any of its Subsidiaries which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or
(xii) carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Charterer or any of its Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
25. CHARTERER PARENT COVENANTS (a) The Charterer Parent undertakes from the date of this Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 25.
(b) The Charterer Parent undertakes to:
(i) not grant any loans to the Issuer Group or the Interco Group other than Subordinated Loans;
(ii) ensure that any transaction by it or any of its Subsidiaries with any direct or indirect shareholder of the Charterer Parent or any direct or indirect shareholder of the Charterer Parent's Subsidiaries or other related parties shall be on bona fide arm's length terms;
(iii) not agree to or permit the assignment of any of its rights under any Subordinated Loan Agreement, other than pursuant to the Security Documents;
(iv) cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business from that carried out at the date of this Agreement in a way which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(v) not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Charterer Parent which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(vi) not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Charterer Parent into two or more separate companies or entities which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(vti) act in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations; and
(viii) not to agree to any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) o f Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement, changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement

#4677457/1

72(77)

26.

ISSUER PARENT COVENANTS

(a) The Issuer Parent undertakes from the date of this Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 26.

(b) The Issuer Parent undertakes to:

(i) not grant any loans to any other member of the Issuer Group or the Interco Group other than Subordinated Loans to the Issuer Group;

(ii) ensure that any transaction by it or any of its Subsidiaries with any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer Parent or direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer Parent's Subsidiaries or other related parties shall be on bona fide arm's length terms;

(iii) ensure that no Security is created or permitted to exist over any of the shares issued by the Issuer (save for pursuant to the Security Documents);

(iv) not agree to or permit the assignment of any of its rights under any Subordinated Loan Agreement, other than pursuant to the Security Documents;

(v) act in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations;

(vi) procure under the terms of the Bareboat Charters (and any replacement thereof) that the Charterer remains responsible for all operating costs relating to the relevant Vessels;

(vii) procure that the Vessels are at all times employed pursuant to a First Bareboat Charter and a Second Bareboat Charter, or in accordance with Alternative Charter Arrangements, as further set out in Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earninss) o f the Bond Agreement;

(viii) not agree to and procure that no company within the Issuer Group agrees to any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Croup charter contract covenants and application of earnin§s) of the Bond Agreement, changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement;

(ix) ensure that no Security is created or permitted to exist over any of the assets of or the shares of any member of the Issuer Group, except for pursuant to the Security Documents and as permitted under Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special Covenants) and Clause 13.7 (Vessel Owner's Special Covenants) of the Bond Agreement;

(x) ensure that no financial support is provided by any member of the Issuer Group, except for Subordinated Loans, Internal Loans, the Security Documents, and as permitted under Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special Covenants) and Clause 13.7 (Vessel Owner's Special Covenants) of the Bond Agreement;

#4677457/1

73 (77)

(xi) accept a Subordinated Loan from the Ultimate Parent on the disbursement date as set out in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure) of the Bond Agreement;

(xii) provide a Subordinated Loan to the Issuer on the disbursement date by way of the Existing Bareboat Charter Receivable (as defined and described in Schedule 1 (Settlement Procedure) of the Bond Agreement as the required Additional Capital;

(xiii) not incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) in the Issuer Group, except for Shareholder Loans, and as permitted under Clause 13.5 (Issuer's Special Covenants) and Clause 13.7 (Vessel Owner's Special Covenants) of the Bond Agreement;

(xiv) remain a single-purpose company (with no Subsidiaries other than the Issuer) and not invest or take part in any other activity which is not solely related to the ownership of the Issuer;

(xv) not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer Parent; or

(xvi) not carry out any de-rnerger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer Parent into two or more separate companies or entities.

27.

INTERCO PARENT COVENANT

(a) The Interco Parent undertakes from the date of this Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under the Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 27.

(b) The Interco Parent undertakes to:

(i) procure under the terms of the Bareboat Charters (and any replacement thereof) that the Charterer remains responsible for all operating costs relating to the relevant Vessels;

(ii) procure that the Interco Subsidiaries will not change the order of payments from the order set out in paragraph (d) (Application or Earnings) in Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement;

(iii) procure that the Vessels are at all times employed pursuant to a First Bareboat Charter and a Second Bareboat Charter, or in accordance with Alternative Charter Arrangements, as further set out in Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement;

(iv) ensure that any payments under the Management Agreements and the Business Service Agreements shall be subordinated to the Bonds, however so that management fees and service fees that are not overdue may be payable to the Vessel Manager and the Charterer on a monthly basis;

(v) act in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations;

#4677457/1

74(77)

(vi) ensure that any transaction by it or any of its Subsidiaries with any direct or indirect shareholder of the Interco Parent or any of the Interco Parent's Subsidiaries or other related parties shall be on bona fide arm's length terms;

(vii) not agree to and procure that no Interco Subsidiary agrees to any changes to the Project Documents, except as permitted under paragraph (e) of Clause 13.8 (Intra-Group charter contract covenants and application of earnings) of the Bond Agreement, changes to the Management Agreement as a consequence of Alternative Charter Arrangements and variations to the service fee payable under the Business Service Agreement;

(viii) ensure that no Security is created or permitted to exist over any of the assets of or the shares of any member of the Interco Group, except for pursuant to the Security Documents;

(ix) ensure that no financial support is provided by any member of the Interco Group;

(x) not incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) in the Interco Group; and

(xi) not invest or take part in any other activity, and procure that no Interco Subsidiary invests or takes part in any other activity, which is not solely related to the ownership of the Interco Subsidiaries or, in respect of the Interco Subsidiaries, the chartering of the relevant Vessel.

28.

EVENT OF DEFAULT

Any breach of the covenants and undertakings set out in Clauses 21 (Financial Covenants) to Clause 27 (Interco Parent Covenant) shall constitute an Event of Default under the Bond Agreement, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

29.

NOTICES

All notices or other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given or made and received when delivered (in the case of personal delivery or letter) and when despatched (in case of facsimile or other electronic communication) to such party addresses to it at the address appearing at the beginning of this Agreement (or at such address as such party may hereafter notify to the other).

30. ;

SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS
Each of the provisions in this Agreement are severable and distinct from the others, and if at any time one or more of such provisions is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not in arty way be affected or impaired thereby.

31.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE

(a) This Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Covenant Provider, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

#4677457/1

75(77)

(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Covenant Provider, shall, subject to paragraph 18.7.2 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

(c) Paragraph 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

32.

PROCESS AGENT

The Covenant Providers shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Agreement.

***

#4677457/1

' 76(77)

-;-v

Ultimate Parent: Harkland Luxembourg Holdings
By: Name: Title:
EXECUTED as a DEED by HARKAND ISSUER PARENT LIMITED In the presence of
Director

SIGNATORIES:
Charterer Parent: Harkland Global Holdings Limited
By: Name: Title:
EXECUTED as a DEED by HARKAND INTERCO PARENT LIMITED In the presence of
.... ............................... .
Director

Director
Charterer: Harkand EMEA Limited
By: Name: Title:

Director
Bond Trustee: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
By: Name: Title:

#4677457/1

77(77)

