ISINNO 001058884.1
BOND AGREEMENT between
Middle East Jackup I Company (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
15 per cent Middle East Jackup I Company Callable Bond Issue 2010/2012

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 10 11 11 11 12 13 16 17 17 19 20 20 25 25 28 30 33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on 28 September 2010 between
(1) Middle East Jackup I Company (an exempt company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with Company No, 212683 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
Interpretation
Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Bank" means DnB NOR Bank ASA, in its capacity as being the bank in which the Escrow Account will be opened.
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement
"Assignment of Construction Contract" means the first priority assignment of the Construction Contract, including any warranty claims, to be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Assignment of W arranty Rights" means the first priority assignment of the Letter o f Guarantee to be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Assignment of Rig Earnings" means the second priority assignment of earnings payable to the Issuer under any drilling contract with respect to the Rig to be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

Norsk TUIUsrainn ASA
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day),
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control" means that any person or group of persons which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3 (save for shareholders of the Guarantor at the time of Issue Date), is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares or voting rights of the Issuer.
"Construction Contract" means the platform construction contract for the Rig entered into with the Yard dated 27 May 2010, for construction o f the Rig at a cost of USD 160 million, o f which USD 100.5 million has already been paid to the Yard, whereas USD 30 million is due on the Effective Date (the" Initial Instalment") and a balancing payment of USD 29.5 million (the "Final Instalment") is due on the Delivery Date. Issuer has an option to defer payment o f the Final Instalment after Delivery Date up to latest 30 June 2011.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Delivery Date" means the actual time o f delivery and acceptance o f the Rig at the Yard with all relevant equipment properly installed.
"Drilling Contract Assignment" means the second priority assignment of the rights o f the Issuer under any drilling contract for the Rig (including any earnings payable and securities granted thereunder) to be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect o f conferring security.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account established with the Account Bank in the name o f the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, to be made by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Final Installment" means a balancing payment of USD 29.5 million that is due on the Delivery Date. Issuer has an option to defer the Final Instalment up to latest 30 June 2011 against issuing a promissory note in favour of the Yard ("Promissory Note").

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting o f any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) the amount of any liability in respect o f any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost o f any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value o f the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect o f a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee (Norwegian "pakravsgaranti") from the Guarantors) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) securing the Issuer's payment obligations according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.
"G uarantor" means Middle East Jackup Company, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws o f Cayman Islands, with company registration number 212670.
"Insurance Contract Assignment" means the assignment of any insurances relating to the Rig following Delivery.
"Interest Payment Date" means 29 March 2011, 29 September 2011 and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 29 September 2010.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means the second priority pledge to be granted by the Guarantorover all (100%) shares issued by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Letter of Guarantee" means a letter o f guarantee in the amount of USD 33.5 million to be provided by BNP Paribas upon payment of the Initial Installment,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
securing the Issuer's claim on the Yard in the event the Yard should default under the Construction Contract, as further set forth in that Letter of Guarantee.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"M andatory Prepayment Event" means if (a) the Rig is sold, disposed of or otherwise transferred to another party (b) there is an actual or constructive total loss o f the Rig, (c) the Construction Contract is terminated by the Yard (and the Yard has the contractual right to so terminate) or (d) the Guarantor ceases to be the owner of 100 % of the shares and voting rights in the Issuer.
"M arket Value" means the fair market value of the Rig in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Rig obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Rig appointed by the Issuer and approve by the Bond Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost o f such determination shall be for the account o f the Issuer
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Guarantor that is likely to result in any of the following: (a) The Issuer being unable or unwilling to perform and comply with its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement, (b) the Guarantor being unable or unwilling to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Guarantee, or (c) the invalidity or non-enforceability of the Loan Agreement and any Security Document.
"M aturity Date" means 29 March 2012 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest.
"Permitted Debt" means a maximum of USD 30 million plus interests that may comprise of (i) the payment obligation to the Yard with respect to the Final
7

Norsk Tillllsmann ASA
Installment, (ii) debt incurred to finance the Final Installment including the Promissory Note (as defined below), and (ii) any refinancing o f such debt, provided, however, that any refinancing extending initial maturity of such debt is not to be regarded as Permitted Debt. For the sake of clarity; any amount of Permitted Debt that is repaid or prepaid may not be redrawn, reutilised or reborrowed
"Quarter Date" means each 3 1 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as o f each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Release Notice" means a request from the Issuer for release of funds from the Escrow Account, in a form substantial as set out in Attachment 2 hereto.
"Rig" means The Friede & Goldman Super M2 300ft Jackup drilling rig identified as Hull 106 currently under construction at the Yard pursuant to the Construction Contract. The Rig shall include all relevant equipment that is part of the Rig scope (being attached to the Rig or not). The Rig shall be wholly owned directly by the Issuer and be registered in Panama (or such other registry satisfactory to the Bond Trustee) as a "vessel under construction" upon discharge of the Initial Installment.
"Rig Mortgage" means the second priority mortgage in the Rig to be registered in favor of the Bond Trustee acting on behalf of the Bondholders, securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under this Bond Agreement
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, as further specified in Section 8.2.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary o f another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the
8

Norsk TilUtsmgnn ASA

majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

"Target Delivery Date" means a date to be agreed upon by the Issuer and the Yard in good faith. The Target Delivery Date is expected to be set to 30 April, 2011, but the Issuer and the Yard shall in good faith agree the Target Delivery Date prior to payment of the Initial Instalment as condition for the settlement becoming effective.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"Total Loss" means (i) an actual, constructive, compromised, agreed, arranged or other total loss of the Rig, (ii) any expropriation, confiscation, requisition or acquisition of the Rig, whether for full consideration, a consideration less than her proper value, a nominal consideration or without any consideration, which is effected by any government or official authority or by any person or persons claiming to be or to represent a government or official authority, excluding a requisition for hire for a fixed period against payment of market hire, not exceeding one year without any right to extension; and (iii) any condemnation of the Rig by any tribunal or by any person or persons claiming to be a tribunal.

"Total Loss Date" means:

(a) in the case of an actual loss of the Rig, the date on which it occurred or, if

that is unknown, the date when the Rig was last heard of;

(b) in the case of a constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of

the Rig, the earlier of (i) the date on which a notice of the abandonment is

given to the insurers, and (ii) the date o f any compromise, arrangement or

agreement made by or on behalf of the Issuer with the Rig's insurers in

which the insurers agree to treat the Rig as a total loss; and

(c)

in the case of any other type of total loss, on the date (or the most likely

date) on which it appears to the Bond Trustee that the event constituting the

Total Loss occurred.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Y ard" means Maritime Industrial Services Co. Ltd. Inc (MIS)

"Y ard Insurance Contract Assignment" means the second priority assignment of the Issuer's rights under the insurance contracts established by the Yard for the benefit of the Issuer and the Yard under the Construction Contract to be made by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

2, Construction

Norsk Tlllitsmann ASA

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies o f an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 50,000,000 (U.S. Dollar fifty million).
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as " 15 per cent Middle East Jackup I Company Callable Bond Issue 2010/2012".

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 058884.1.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds o f the Bonds shall exclusively be employed to (i) finance the USD 30 million installment that is due to the Yard on the Effective Date as defined in the Construction Contract (the "Initial Installment"), (ii) service first 12 months of interest payments on the Bonds, (iii) repay an outstanding shareholders loan granted to it by the Guarantor in the amount o f USD 500,000 and (iv) the remaining net proceeds can be used for other costs directly related to the construction of the Rig.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligations to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions o f the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register o f any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may

11

Norsk Tillltsmann ASA

be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning o f Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power o f attorney or other satisfactory authorization from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or other satisfactory documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles o f Association of the Issuer;
(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7,3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

Norsk Tillltsra&Dii ASA
(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(m) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank),
(n) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee,
(o) a corporate legal opinion for each Obligor regarding (a) (d) above.
The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d), (e), and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.
6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account

6.5 The first release from the Escrow Account shall amount to USD 30 million, for the purpose of payment of the Initial Installment. In connection with any release from the Escrow Account, the Bond Trustee shall receive a duly signed Release Notice.

f

Representations and Warranties

7 1 Any Obligor represents and warrant to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

NorskTIIIItsmann ASA
The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessaty or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions o f such Security Document
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any o f its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event o f Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, save for the dispute with the Yard. The dispute with the Yard is to be settled by a settlement agreement that will become effective inter alia upon payment by the Issuer of the Initial Payment. The Issuer represents that no such payment will be made unless the settlement agreement with the Yard will become effective thereupon.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.

(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.

(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect

(m) Intellectual property

.

The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service

marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential

information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or

unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.

(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of the Issuer in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

NorskTIIIItsmann ASA

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors (except item (p) - if not stated otherwise under Clause 13) and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the relevant Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at leastpari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt,

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Guarantee and the following other Security Interests:

(i) the Escrow Account Pledge; (ii) the Assignment of the Construction Contract; (iii) the Assignment of Warranty Rights; (iv) the Rig Mortgage; (v) the Issuer Share Pledge; (vi) the Yard Insurance Contract Assignment; (vii) the Insurance Contract Assignment; (viii) the Drilling Contract Assignment, to the extent permitted by applicable law;
and (ix) the Assignment of Earnings.
The security in (i) to (iii) above shall be on first priority.
The Assignment of the Letter of Guarantee shall include provisions pursuant to which any payment under the Letter of Guarantee shall be directed to the Bond Trustee or to an escrow account where the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) has a first security pledge in the entitlements of the Issuer.

The security in (iv) to (ix) above shall be on second priority after the Permitted Debt only (including that a first priority mortgage may be registered against the Rig for the benefit of the Yard).
The Rig Mortgage shall be registered in Panama or such other register or such other registry satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

16

v

Norsk Tillltsmann ASA

The Rig Mortgage shall be established in connection with the first release from the Escrow Account or as soon as possible thereafter. The other Security Interests shall be established prior to first release from the Escrow Account, provided, however, that Security Interest in (vii) to (x) shall be established as soon as the relevant contracts are established.
The Loan Trustee may, upon release from Escrow Account for financing of equipment to be installed on the Rig, require interim security interest in such equipment in favor of the Loan Trustee, acting on behalf of the bondholders, such security interest to expire when the relevant equipment is delivered to the Yard for installment on the Rig.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 15 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 29 March 2011.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect o f which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number o f days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day o f the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

17.

Norsk Tlllitsmann ASA

10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) at any time from and including 29 September 2011 until (but not including) 29 December 2011 at 105.00 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(ii) any time thereafter at 102.50 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "P ut Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control has taken place

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen 15 Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

10.4.1

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds on levels equal to the Issuer's call option at the payment date (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), and provided that payment shall be made on the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event.

IS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The redemption price shall depend on when the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs, and shall be as follows:
(i) if occurring at any time from and including the Issue Date until (but not including) 29 September 2011, at 110.00 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) if occurring at any time from and including 29 September 2011 until (but not including) 29 December 2011, at 105.00 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(iii) if occurring any time thereafter, at 102.50 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
provided, however, that if the Mandatory Prepayment Event is due to a total loss of the Rig, the Issuer shall redeem 100% o f the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount) immediately upon receipt of the insurance proceeds from that loss.
If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment clause, the entire amount on the Escrow Account may be used as partly payment for Mandatory Prepayment.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

[If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.]

11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given

19

Norsk Tillltsmann ASA

instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred,

11.3 Set-offand counterclaim

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 2,00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregularpayments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer hasthe right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13 Covenants
13.1 General 13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on
behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence, as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year and 45 days after the end o f the relevant quarter);

(d) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance o f the Issuer's Bonds;

(e) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(g) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request,

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its unsubordinated creditors, save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations o f the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o fbusiness The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.

(e) Investments and other activities The Issuer shall remain to be a single purpose company and shall not invest in or take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and operation of the Rig. All assets and contracts shall be owned directly by the Issuer and not through any Subsidiary

(f) Disposal o f business or assets The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations in a manner which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4 Corporate and operational matters

(b) Transactions with related parties

22

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA
The Issuer shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange o f assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favorable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time. Related parties shall include (i) any shareholder with more than 5% o f the voting shares in the Guarantor, (ii) any director or senior member of management in the Issuer or Guarantor, (iii) any company in which the Guarantor or its Subsidiaries more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any o f the foregoing.
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization orjurisdiction of organization in a manner which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall carry on its business and operations in accordance with acknowledged, carefUl and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware o f them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company and which may, if adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial assistance The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party, except for guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to employment of the Rig) and security granted in connection with the Permitted Debt in accordance with this Bond Agreement.
13.5 Preservation o f equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase o f shares any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity), except for the repayment of a USD 500,000 shareholder loan granted to it by the Guarantor.
(b) Changes to Construction Contract with MaterialAdverse Effect The Issuer shall not agree to any material changes to the Construction Contract which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Construction Contract and/or to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement, (including but not limited to any agreement for changes leading
23

Norsk TilHtsmann ASA
to a delay of the Delivery Date for the Rig and where any changes shall be deemed as being likely to have such material adverse effect).
(d) Permitted debt The Issuer shall not incur financial indebtedness, in addition to the Bonds, except for the Permitted Debt and any guarantee liability incurred in the ordinary course of business (including from guarantees relating to employment of the Rig).
(e) Permission to other security The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security contemplated by this Bond Agreement, or (ii) any security arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business customary (including collateral in connection with credit purchases o f goods and services), (iii) the security rights granted to the Yard under the Construction Contract with respect to the Rig and equipment, to expire upon the full payment of the Final Installment or (iv) security rights for the Permitted Debt.
(f) Insurance o f the Rig
(i) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig following delivery is adequately insured against such risks (including, but not limited to, hull and machinery, hull interest, freight interest, protection & indemnity (including a maximum club cover for oil pollution liability for the Rig) and war risk (including terrorism)), in such amounts and on terms in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan of 1996, version 2003 (as amended from time to time) or such other terms as the Bond Trustee may approve (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) in relation to losses payable there under) and with such insurance brokers and insurers, as is industry standard or as required by law or drilling contracts.
(ii) The insured value of the Rig (Hull & Machinery) shall at all times be equal to or greater than its Market Value and equal to or greater than 125 per cent of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents.
(iii) Not later than 14 days before the expiry date of the relevant insurances, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate from the insurance broker(s) through whom the insurances relevant to the Rig have been placed, evidencing that all insurances referred to in paragraph (i) above have been renewed and taken out in respect of the Rig with insurance values as required by paragraph (ii), that such insurances are in full force and effect and that the interests of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) therein have been noted by the relevant insurers.
(iv) The Issuers shall procure that the Rig is always employed in conformity with the terms o f the instruments of insurance (including any expressed or implied warranties) and shall comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may reasonably prescribe.
24

Norsk Tlllitsmann ASA
(v) In the event of a Total Loss, the Issuer shall, within 90 days after the Total Loss Date, obtain and present to the Bond Trustee a written confirmation from the relevant insurers that the claim relating to the Total Loss has been accepted in full, and the insurance proceeds shall, as soon as they are released, be paid to the Bond and applied in a Mandatory Redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.
(vi) The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to arrange, with such insurers it sees fit and for the account of the Issuer, mortgagee interest insurance relating to its Mortgage over the Rig.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5  five ~ Business Days following the original due date.

Norsk Tillltanann ASA
(b) Breach o f other obligations Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any o f the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default (i) Any Financial Indebtedness of an Obligor is not paid when due nor within any
originally applicable grace period; (ii) any Financial Indebtedness of an Obligor is declared to be or otherwise
becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described); (iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness o f an Obligor is cancelled or suspended by a creditor of that Obligor as a result o f an event of default (however described); or (iv) any creditor of an Obligor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of that Obligor due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided, however, that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (c) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within sub-clause (i) through (iv) above is less than USD 2 million (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for any Obligor:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) Creditors'process
26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Any Obligor has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any o f its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o fliquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party,
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Obligor which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terras of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 I f the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. The Bond Trustee shall have no obligation to monitor the Bondholder's compliance with the transfer restrictions in respect of voting rights. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not,

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

Norsk Tlllilsmann ASA

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer o f rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change o f Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
16.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

30

Norsk TlHitsinann ASA

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

31

Norsk Tillllsmann ASA

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests,

Before the appointment o f a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

52

Norsk TllUtsmann ASA
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise o f a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise o f a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from
33

Norsk TilMtsmsnn ASA
bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in die period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles o f association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects o f any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantors) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

NorskTIIIIUmann ASA

(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) ~ (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o fclaims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation A ctofM ay 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed o f changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
$$$$$
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-O116 0slo Norway
Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
15 per cent Middle East Jackup I Company Callable Bond Issue 2010/2012 - ISIN NO 001 058884.1

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Middle East Jackup I Company

Name o fauthorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation]

Attachment 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O.Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

15 per cent Middle East Jackup I Company Callable Bond Issue 2010/2012

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event o f Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Middle East Jackup I Company

Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds]

