ISINNOOOl 068372.5
BOND AGREEMENT between
Selvaag Bolig ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Selvaag Bolig ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018
i 0*

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 INTERPRETATION

3

2 THE BONDS

9

3 LISTING

10

4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

10

5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

10

6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

10

7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

12

8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

14

9 INTEREST

14

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

14

11 PAYMENTS

16

12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

17

13 COVENANTS

17

14 FEES AND EXPENSES

21

15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

23

16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

25

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

28

18 MISCELLANEOUS

30

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 24 June 2013 between
(1) Selvaag Bolig ASA (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 992587776) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference R ate" means three months N1BOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day od which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment o f the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day {Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

3

Norsk Tltlitsmann A SA

"Change of Contni)l Event" means if:

(i)

Selvaag Gruppen AS and/or its affiliates ceases to hold, directly or

indirectly, a minimum o f 33% of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights

o f the Issuer;

(ii) any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) (other than Selvaag Gruppen AS and/or its affiliates) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights o f the Issuer.

`Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership o f shares or interests in another person:

(i)

a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or

(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority o f the members o f the board of directors o f that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number o f voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members o f the board o f directors, rights held by the parent company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

`Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"E vent o f Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"E quity" means the aggregate book value o f the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS i f applied by the Issuer).

"Equity Bridge" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.

"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.

"Face Value" means the denomination o f each o f the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Covenants" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.5.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(i)

moneys borrowed;

(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue o f bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(iv) the amount of any liability in respect o f any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect o f a borrowing;

(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value o f any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(viii) the amount of any liability in respect o f any guarantee or indemnity for any o f the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements o f the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board o f Directors.

"Financial Support" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.4.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"G roup" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "G roup Company" means the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"Interest Payment Date" means 27 March, 27 June, 27 September and 27 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements o f the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification N um ber-the identification number o f the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 27 June 2013.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"L and Loan" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"M anager" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA, DNB Markets and Pareto Securities AS.
"M argin" means 4.75 per cent (4.75%) per annum.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/ or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any o f the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability o f any o f the Finance Documents.
"M aturity Date" means 27 June 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), die data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment o f the Bond Trustee o f the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:

(i)

this Bond Issue;

(ii) existing bank loan facilities (including land loan and construction loan facilities) granted to any Group Company prior to the date o f the Bond Agreement;

(iii) future senior secured first priority land loan facilities to any Group Company with the purpose of financing land acquisitions and any unsecured loans provided with the purpose of developing the infrastructure in connection with such projects;

(iv) future senior secured first priority construction loan facilities to any Group Company and any unsecured loans provided with the purpose o f developing the infrastructure in connection with such projects;

(v) any liabilities incurred by any Group Company by way of guarantees issued to comply with the provisions o f the Norwegian Housing Construction Act (No: bustadopp&ringslova) o f 13 June 1997 No 4;

(vi) any future senior unsecured bonds issued by the Issuer with a maturity date after the Maturity Date (subject to the requirement that the Bonds rank at least pari passu with such future bonds) and without any Financial Support from any other Group Company;

(vii) any unsecured intra-group loans granted by any Group Company to another Group Company;

(viii)

other unsecured loans to the Issuer (including shareholder loans), provided these are subordinated to the Bond Issue and serviced according to the Subordinated loans provisions above;

(ix) any derivative transaction entered into by any Group Company for non speculative purpose as part o f the Group's hedging strategy;

(x) any Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and incurred by the Group in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which does not at any time exceed NOK 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); and

(xi) any refinancing, amendments or replacements o f any of (i) to (x) above from time to time.

"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Reporting Date" means the date on which the Interim Accounts or the Financial Statements are made available by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 13.2.1 (iii) and (iv).

Norsk TIUltsmann A S A

"Sales Ratio" means the percentage sold o f residential units under construction as reported by the Group by each Financial Statement and Interim Account.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Tssue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Stam data 'means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

`T a p Issue" means subsequent issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1.

`T o tal Assets" means the aggregate book value o f the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)

headings arc for ease o f reference only;

(ii) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(iii) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement;

(iv) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(v) references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(vi) an Event o f Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(vii) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust,

8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o fthis Bond Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.12 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolvedto issue a series o f Bonds in the total aggregate amount of NOK 700,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seven hundred million). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount o f NOK. 500,000,000 (Norwegian kroner five hundred million).

The Face Value is NOK 1,000,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Selvaag Bolig ASA Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 068372.5.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.2.2

The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which subsequent issues may take place after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing o f additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for:

(i) refinancing o f existing debt (including the NOK 224 million outstanding under the NOK 225 million term loan from DNB Bank ASA (the "Equity Bridge") and NOK 50 million of the outstanding amount under the NOK 500 million long term land loan from DNB (the "Land Loan")); and

Norsk Tlllltsmarm A S A

(ii) for general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Bors.

3.2 If the Bonds arelisted, the Issuer shall ensurethat the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in hill.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions o f the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository o f any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach o f applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement o f the net proceeds of the first tranche of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below (Conditions precedent), in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

b)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer to issue

the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

c)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant

10
Q_

Norsk Tillitsmann A5A

register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf o f the Issuer;

d)

certified copies o f (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official

document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing

and (ii) the Articles o f Association o f the Issuer;

e)

the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

g)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond

Issue;

h)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in

the Securities Depository;

i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

j)

copies o f any written documentation used in the marketing o f the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

k)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee

(including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions

related to the validity, perfection and enforceability o f the Finance

Documents);

l)

no (potential) Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing; and

m) irrevocable prepayment and release letters duly executed by DNB Bank ASA and the Issuer relating to the Equity Bridge and the Land Loan evidencing that, subject to completion of the Bond Issue, the relevant part of the net proceeds o f the Bonds will be employed in accordance with Clause 2.3 (i).

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.3 Disbursement o f the net proceeds fiom the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the first tranche o f the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

6.5 The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount o f the aggregate o f (a) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (b) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount, (ii) no Event o f Default has

11
0,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

occurred or would occur as a result of the making o f such Tap Issue, (iii) the Issuer confirms that the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, or provides updates o f such documents to the Bond Trustee, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement remain true and correct and are repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations as o f the time o f such Tap Issue.

7

Representation !and W arranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status
It is a public limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and cany on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any o f its assets.

(e) No Event o f Default

(i)

No Event ofDefault exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or tire entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making o f any determination or any combination of any o f the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any o f its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any o f its Subsidiaries*) assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

12 O

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(f)

A uthorizations and consents

Ail authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, i f adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any o f its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Q) No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes o f this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least paripassu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security
No Security exists over any o f the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

a.

Norsk TMtttsmann ASA

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior unsecured debt obligations o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead o f subordinated debt.

The Bonds are unsecured.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating R a te ").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in September 2013.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, die next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day C ount Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds arc listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount Fraction

Face Value

X

Floating

Rate

X

Floating Rate

Day Count

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10,1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call Option):

(i)

at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2016 to,

but not including, the Interest Payment Date in June 2017 at a price equal to

103.00% of par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds);

(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 at a price equal to 102.00% o f par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds); and

(iii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2017 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.50% o f par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed Bonds).

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a Change of Control Event Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period o f the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

15

Norsk Tlllttsmann A SA

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay ail amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but i f the paying bank and die receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer] or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account o f the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

Norsk Tillltsmann ASA

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities o f a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 S et-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counte rclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o flate payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

I f the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge ail the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(i)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses o f the

Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(ii) secondly, in or towards payment o f any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind; and

(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment o f any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

'Hie Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding o f Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

17

Norsk TiNItsmann A S A

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date o f this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(i)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee m

writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer

understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any

other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(ii) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(iii) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year;

(iv) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end o f the relevant quarter;

(v) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance o f the Issuer's Bonds;

(vi) wi thout being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(vii) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange;

(viii)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f its and/or die raring o f the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(ix) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(x) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication o f its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(iii) and (iv), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate,

18

Norsk Tilllcsmann A S A

substantially in the form set out in Attachment I hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event o f non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least paripassu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member o f the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect

(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect

(d) Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope o f the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date o f the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

( z) Disposal o fbusiness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose o f all or a substantial part o f the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect

(f) Arm 's length transactiom
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange o f assets or the rendering o f any service), except in the ordinary course o f business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that

19
CL

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

are no less favorable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type o f organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, cany on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

(i)

Listing

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall ensure that the Issuer's shares remain listed on Oslo Børs or another recognized stock exchange.

13.4 Special covenants

(a) Dividend restrictions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares or make any loans or other equity or capital distributions or payments to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, (including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect) exceeding 50% o f Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the Financial Statements for the previous financial year.

(b) Subsidiaries 'distributions
Save for obligations under the Permitted Financial Indebtedness, the Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right o f any Subsidiary to:

(i) pay dividends or make other distributions to the Issuer;

(it) service any financial indebtedness to the Issuer,

(iii) make any loans to the Issuer; or

(iv) transfer any o f its assets and properties to the Issuer;

if the creation o f such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.

(c) Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any financial indebtedness other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

20

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA

(d) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets or its revenues, other than:

(i)

Security granted in relation to the Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

(ii) any netting or set-off arrangements entered into by any member of the Group in the ordinary course o f its banking arrangements for the purpose o f netting debit and credit balances;

(iii) any Security arising under any retention o f title (No. "Salgspant") established by any member of the Group; and

(iv) any lien arising by operation o f law in the ordinary course o f business.

(e)

Subordinated loans

The Issuer shall ensure that any existing and future shareholder loans or subordinated loans from any third party (not being a Group Company) to the Issuer shall be subordinated to the Bonds and have a maturity date after the Maturity Date. Any subordinated loans (including shareholder loans) may be serviced as long as no Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing. Any shareholder loans will further be subject to the Dividend restrictions set out above.

(f)

Financial support restrictions

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting o f security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Company other than:

(i)

Financial Support in connection with the Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

and

(ii) Financial Support in the ordinary course o f business.

Financial covenants

The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants (the "Financial Covenants") during the term o f the Bond Issue:

a) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 22.5%; and

b) Sales Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Sales Ratio o f minimum 70%.

The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer with each annual Financial Statement and quarterly Interim Accounts on the respective Reporting Date. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the tenor o f the Bonds.

Norsk Tlllltsmann A SA

14 Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing o f the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder o f any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement o f any Security.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 I f the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such

amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net

amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the

payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required;

and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 I f any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date o f this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some o f the Bonds sit par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of (he call.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

IS

Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable o f being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event o f default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),

always provided that this Clause 15.1(c) shall not be applicable with respect o f any single Financial Indebtedness not exceeding a threshold in the amount of NOK 30 million or the equivalent thereof in other currencies.

(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

(i)

A Group Company, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due, suspends making payments on any o f its debts or, by reason of actual

or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or

more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any o f its indebtedness.

23

Norsk TUHtSmam ASA

(ii) The value of the assets o f any o f the Group Companies is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect o f any indebtedness o f any of the Group Companies.

0)

Insolvencyproceedings and dissolution

If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect o f a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any o f its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

(g) Creditors' process
Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any o f its assets.

(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any o f the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

M aterial Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect

15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

24

Norsk Tiiiitsmann A S A

15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(i)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be

declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Voting Bonds,

and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(ii) the Bondholders* Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result o f an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

16 Bondholders* Meeting

16.1 A uthority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions o f the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment o f any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction o f the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction o f principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders* Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(i)

the Issuer;

(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders1Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made m writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice o f a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall slate the numbers o f Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not

26

Norsk TUiitsmann A S A

participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead o f the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder o f the Bond and tire amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regard ess o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16 3.5 A majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment o f any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

Norsk Timtsmann ASA

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.
17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o fthe Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event o f Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

28

Norsk TUNtsmann A S A

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise o f its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction flom the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(i) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders inay be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before die Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 13.5, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee o f its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.
18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders

By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 ts binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(i)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreem nt;

(ii) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening o f bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(iii) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms o f this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership o f Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(iv) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank p ari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this

Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(i)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit

of the Bondholders cash or govemmi :nt bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee

(the 'Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the

payment o f principal (including if applicable premium payable upon

exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity

Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other

amount agreed between the Parties;

30 Q.

Norsk HllltSFirann A S A

(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(iii) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement o f the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(iv) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent o f defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others; and

(v) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance o f the conditions o f the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation o f any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(i)

the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in

Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1 (i), (v), (viii), (ix) and (x), or as otherwise

agreed;

(ii) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value o f the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(iii) any Guarantors) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guaranteed), and the Guarantce(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(iv) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such

31
Cv

Norsk Tttlltsmann ASA

discharge to be effected, by way of deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(v) all other provisions o f this Bond Agreement (except (i) - (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this B<>nd Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of die Norwegian Limitation A ctofM ay 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities

Depository; and

(ii) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i)

if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and

(iii) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed o f changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(i)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force

shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the

deadline relates to, shall be included.

(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on die day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day tire deadline is in force. If such day is not a part o f an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day o f such month.

(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number o f jurisdictions.

*****

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Isruer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

SELVAAG BOLIG ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 068372.5

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terras used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. in accordance with Clause 13.5.(a), the Equity Ratio as of [date] is [o] %;

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5.(b), the Sales Ratio as o f [date] is [o] %;

Copies o f our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. Yours faithfully,

Baard Schumann Adni.dir

Selvaag Boiia AS \

/ Name o f authorizedperson

w

-

`

Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation]

35

