ISINNO 001 039164.2
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Sevan Marine ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2007/2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Table of contents

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

8

3 Listing

8

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

8

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

8

6 Conditions Precedent

9

7 Representations and Warranties

10

8 Status of the Loan

11

9 Interest

12

10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option

13

11 Interest in the event of late payment

14

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

14

13 Covenants

15

14 Fees and expenses

17

15 Events of Default

17

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

21

17 Procedural rules

22

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

24

19 Change of Loan Trustee

24

20 Limitation

25

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

25

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 10 October 2007 between Sevan Marine ASA (Company No 983 218 180) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement as the Loan Trustee in the subscription agreements was granted authority to finalize and execute the Loan Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public for inspection purposes throughout the entire term of the Loan. The Loan Agreement may, until redemption in full of the Loan, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.
All Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms of this Loan Agreement and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement where by all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required or formalities to be complied with.

1 Definitions
Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Acceptance Date:
Assignment of Construction Contracts:
Banking Day: Bondholders: Bonds:

the day the FPSO is accepted by Oilexco North Sea Ltd for operation as a Floating Production, Storage and Offloading unit, expected to take place at or within Delivery Date.
second priority assignment over the Construction Contracts, in the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses), with priority after the Preferred Senior Mortgage.
a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
the holders of the Bonds.
bonds in the Loan.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Borrower's Bonds: Call Option: Construction Contracts:
Delivery Date: Disbursement Date: Equipment:
Equipment Contract: Escrow Account:
Event of Default: Exchange: Finance Documents:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.
the Borrower's redemption rights as set out in Clause 10.2.
the contracts entered into with Yantai Raffles Shipyard (China), the hook-up and completion contract to be entered into with Keppel Verolme (Holland) as well as the Equipment Contract (all contracts including any related guarantees).
Expected to be within the end of 3Q 2008.
24 October 2007.
all operational equipment or production equipment or other equipment related to the FPSO, irrespective of this equipment being fixed installed on the FPSO or not (for the avoidance of doubt, all the Equipment shall be related to the construction and/or equipment of the FPSO).
the topside contract entered into with Kanfa AS (including any related guarantees).
the account in the name of the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FPSO:

means Sevan Voyageur, currently under construction at the Yantai Raffles Shipyard in China (the hull). The unit will be a Floating Production, Storage and Offloading unit with an oil storage capacity of 300,000 bbls, with an oil process capacity of 30,000 barrels/day and a water injection capacity of 20,000 barrels/day. The unit will following Acceptance Date be installed on the Shelley field in the central UK North Sea in 2008, under a contract with Oilexco North Sea Ltd.

FPSO Mortgage:

second priority mortgage over the FPSO in the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses), including appurtenant second priority assignment of insurance hereto, established in a jurisdiction reasonably acceptable to the Loan Trustee, with priority after the Preferred Senior Mortgage.

Group:

the Borrower and its subsidiaries.

Guarantee:

a guarantee issued by the Subsidiary, in the form of an unconditional on demand guarantee (i.e. a guarantee whereby the obligation becomes due upon the default of the principal debtor - "selvskyldnerkausjon ") related to the Borrower's obligations according to the Loan Agreement, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), for an amount equal to the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses).

Interest Determination Date: 22 October 2007 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.

Interest Payment Date:

24 January, 24 April, 24 July and 24 October each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

Loan:

the loan taken up by the Borrower under the terms of this Loan Agreement as described in Clause 2.1.

Loan Security:

(i) the Escrow Account (ii) the Assignment of Construction Contracts, (iii) the FPSO Mortgage, (iv) the Guarantee, and (v) the Share Pledge.

Margin:

5.50 percentage points.

Maturity Date: NIBOR:
NIBOR Reference Banks:
Outstanding Loan:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
24 October 2012. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination in Oslo, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal.

Preferred Senior Debt:

the secured debt advanced by lender(s) with prior ranking security in relation to the Bonds as described under the definition of the Preferred Senior Mortgage, in the maximum amount of USD 150,000,000, to be reduced by minimum USD 3,150,000 within the first Interest Payment Day falling one year after the Acceptance Date (the "Reduction Date") and further to be reduced by an additional minimum USD 790,000 within the date falling 3 months after the Reduction Date and with additional USD 790,000 every third month thereafter up until Maturity Date.

Preferred Senior Lenders: lender(s) advancing the Preferred Senior Debt.

Preferred Senior Mortgage:

the first priority security securing the Preferred Senior Debt, to be established over i.a. the FPSO, insurances, the Construction Contracts and the shares in the Subsidiary, in the maximum amount of USD 150,000,000 (plus accrued interest, costs, expenses and any hedging liabilities related to such loan).

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Share Pledge:

second priority pledge over all of the Borrower's shares in the Subsidiary in the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses), with priority after the Preferred Senior Mortgage.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Subsidiary:

Sevan 300 Pte Ltd (Organization number: 200510084Z Singapore), being the direct owner of the FPSO.

Subsidiaries:

The Subsidiary with all its existing and future subsidiaries.

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of NOK 870,000,000 (Norwegian krone eighthundred and seventy million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu. The Loan will be described as "FRN Sevan Marine ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012". The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 039164.2. The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date. 2.2 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be used for (i) finance the construction of the FPSO included costs related thereto, and (ii), provided that the Acceptance Date has taken place, for general corporate purposes.
3 Listing
3.1 An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs. Delisting or change of listing may take place without a mandatory Bondholders' meeting and without a mandatory repurchase offer of the Loan to the Bondholders.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower with respect to, inter alia,
· the monitoring of the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
· the exercise of necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee under the Loan Agreement,
· ensuring that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, · making the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed
on the Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, · forwarding to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and
received in its capacity as Bondholder's representative, · verifying the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and · provided the Loan is listed, informing the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan. This only applies, however, to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent that such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents (including the Guarantee from the Subsidiary),
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower and the Subsidiary to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower and the Subsidiary, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower and the Subsidiary in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(k) evidence for establishment of the Escrow Account.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above, the net proceed of the Loan will at Disbursement date be transferred to the Escrow Account.
6.3 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower and (by separate statement to the Loan Trustee) the Subsidiary shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) it is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) it has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the relevant Finance Documents;
(c) the relevant Finance Documents to which it or any of the Subsidiaries is a party constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such party, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against such party and for any Loan Security to which it is party to constitute a valid and enforceable security interest with agreed priority;
(d) the entry into and performance by it of the relevant Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on it;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
it or any of its assets, and which may have a materially adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under the relevant Finance Documents;
(f) all financial documents and financial information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a materially adverse effect on its ability to perform its duties under the relevant Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid as far as such party is concerned;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for it to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect;
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of its knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect its affairs, assets or financial condition or its ability to perform its obligations under the relevant Finance Documents;
(j) it is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the relevant Finance Documents;
(k) its payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally; and
(l) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower and the Subsidiary on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
The Borrower and the Subsidiary shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
Status of the Loan and security
The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Loan shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Security. The Loan Security (i) - the Escrow Account - shall be established prior to Disbursement Date while the Loan Security (iii) - FPSO Mortgage - shall be established as soon as practically possible, and in no case later than the time when the first priority mortgage over the FPSO is established.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
A coordination agreement may be entered into between the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the lenders under the Preferred Senior Debt.
8.3 Subject to having established or providing evidence that all the Loan Security, except the FPSO Mortgage, will be satisfied in connection therewith (including any legal opinion reasonably required by the Loan Trustee), the Borrower shall be entitled to release the proceeds from the Escrow Account to be used according to purpose of the Loan, see Clause 2.2 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, release to the Borrower of maximum USD 30,000,000 for disbursement of expenses incurred by the Borrower in connection with construction of the FPSO prior to establishment of the relevant Loan Security).
As soon as the Acceptance Date has taken place, and all the Loan Security is established, the Loan Trustee shall release the remaining proceeds (if any) on the Escrow Account to be used according to purpose of the Loan, see Clause 2.2.
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on NIBOR plus Margin. The first interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in January 2008.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the relevant Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10thof the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option
10.1 The Bonds shall be repaid as follows:
(i) with NOK 130,000,000 on the Interest Payment date in October 2010, (ii) with NOK 130,000,000 on the Interest Payment date in October 2011, (iii) with NOK 65,000,000 on the Interest Payment date in April 2012, (iv) Remaining Loan at Maturity Date.
Instalments shall be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option):
(i) anytime during the period ranging from and included the date 6 months after Acceptance Date to and included the date 12 months after Acceptance Date at 105.00% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) at the Interest Payment date in October 2010 at a price of 104.00 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(iii) at the Interest Payment date in October 2011 at a price of 103.25 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds). Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Any remaining amount on the Escrow Account may be used if redemption of the entire Loan takes place. 10.3 If the FPSO is sold, or if any of the Borrower's shares in the Subsidiary is sold or diluted, or in the event of a total loss or a constructive total loss of the FPSO any time from and including the Disbursement Date to Maturity Date, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Loan as follows:
(i) If occurring anytime from and including Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Acceptance Date, the Borrower shall redeem as described above at a price of 107% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(ii) If occurring anytime from and including the Acceptance Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment date in October 2010, the Borrower shall redeem as described above at a price of 105.00% o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(iii) If occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment date in October 2010 to, but not including, the Interest Payment date in October 2011, the Borrower shall redeem as described above at a price of 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(iv) If occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment date in October 2011 to Maturity Date, the Borrower shall redeem as described above at a price of 103.25% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
Any remaining amount on the Escrow Account may be used if mandatory redemption takes place.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the rights to acquire and own its Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or discharged against the Remaining Loan.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately upon becoming aware of same to inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, de-mergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13,
(h) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a mandatory prepayment or a Loss Event takes place.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries shall, (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure its business, sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations or change the nature of its business the effect of which is likely to jeopardise the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement, (for avoidance of doubt a spin-off of Sevan Drilling AS (org. # 989 417 541) is not considered to jeopardize the Borrower's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement),
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) not make any financial arrangements concerning the FPSO and its employment which are likely to have a material and adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(d) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the FPSO (the insurance value shall be increased gradually according to the increased value of the FPSO),
(e) not grant any security, or allow for any security to be granted, in any assets included in the Loan Security or in the cash flow from the FPSO, except in respect of the Preferred Senior Debt,
(fl) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time,
(h) not within a calendar year make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders exceeding 50% of net profit after taxes based on the accounts for the previous calendar year. Any un-utilised portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent calendar year. Notwithstanding the limitations above, the Borrower shall however be entitled to repurchase its own shares to cover its obligations under the employees' and board members' (of the Borrower) share option scheme. (For the avoidance of doubt, figures included in this dividend covenant are on a consolidated basis for the Group),
(j) always be the owner, directly of indirectly over 100 % of the shares in the Subsidiaries,
(k) not agree to any material changes to the Construction Contracts which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement (any agreement for changes leading to a delay of the Delivery Date by more than 12 months is in any event to be considered as a material change which will require the approval of the Bondholders' meeting),
(l) comply with the reduction scheme set out in the definition of the Preferred Senior Debt,
(m) not, in respect of the Borrower, grant any loans to any third party, save for loans to any Group companies,
(n) not, in respect of the Subsidiaries, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party, save for (i) financial assistance to Group companies that are fully owned (direct or indirectly) by the Borrower) and/or (ii) guarantees from Subsidiaries for the Preferred Senior Debt (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Preferred Senior Mortgage cf. letter e)),
(o) procure that the Subsidiaries do not assume financial indebtedness other than (i) the Preferred Senior Debt, (ii) financial indebtedness relating to loans from any Group companies and/or (iii) financial indebtedness in the ordinary course of business).
V
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 15 - fifteen - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for the Borrower or the Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 30 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due after expiry of any applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor declares any financial indebtedness to be due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), unless contested in good faith on reasonable grounds by the Borrower and/or the Subsidiary(ies).
(d) if, for each member of the Group other than the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 30 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due after expiry of any applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor declares any financial indebtedness to be due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
in each case, which is likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Borrower's or the Subsidiary's ability to repay the Loan on the Maturity Date
(e) if, in respect of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors generally with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) a moratorium is declared, and/or
(iii) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint, excluding however where the matter is contested in good faith on reasonable grounds by the Borrower and/or the Subsidiary and (i) discharged within 15 Banking Days (or such longer period as agreed between the Loan Trustee and the Borrower) after the Subsidiary or the Borrower (as the case may be became aware of the same) or (ii) the Loan Trustee have been provided with additional security in such form and for such amounts as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require,
(f) if, for any member of the Group other than the Borrower and the Subsidiaries;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or
18

V
W

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors generally with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness, (ii) a moratorium is declared, and/or
(iii) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
in each case, which is likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Borrower's or the Subsidiary's ability to repay the Loan on the Maturity Date.
(g) if, for the Borrower or the Subsidiaries, any legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to; (i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation, except for filings/request by other creditors seeking for such actions, procedures, steps or proceedings to be taken or instigated which is contested in good faith on reasonable grounds by the Borrower and/or the Subsidiaries, (ii) a composition, compromise or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder, (iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer or any of its assets, except for filings/requests from another creditor for such actions, procedures, steps or proceedings to be instigated or taken which is contested in good faith on reasonable grounds by the Borrower and/or the Subsidiary; or (iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets in respect of financial indebtedness in excess of NOK 30 million (or the equivalent in any other currency) excluding interim injunctions and similar actions (Norwegian: "arrest") granted without court hearing and contested in good faith on reasonable grounds by the Borrower and/or the Subsidiary and (i) discharged within 15 Banking Days (or such longer period as agreed between the Loan Trustee and the Borrower) after the Subsidiary or the Borrower (as the case may be) became aware of the same or (ii) the Loan Trustee have been provided with additional security in such form and for such amounts as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require.
(h) if, for any member of the Group other than the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, any legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken, except for requests/filings by another creditor seeking such actions, procedures, steps or proceedings to be instigated or taken creditor and which is contested in good faith on reasonable grounds by the relevant Group member, in relation to;
19
&

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer or any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets in respect of financial indebtedness in excess of NOK 30 million (or the equivalent in any other currency),
in each case, which is likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Borrower's or the Subsidiary's ability to repay the Loan on the Maturity Date
(i) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower or the Subsidiaries in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made,
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan plus accrued interest and interest on
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses. The principal amount shall be repaid at the percentage provided for in Section 10.3.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower or guarantor, (c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other
conditions, (d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, de-mergers,
capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions. The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification. The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision. The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the rights and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or (c) the Exchange (if the Loan is listed), or (d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed the Exchange have the rights themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. 17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the rights to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the rights to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's rights to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the oFPSOinal summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the rights to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8. 17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting
must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of Bondholders' representative, (b) change of Borrower or guarantor,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals. The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
21 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
21.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
21.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were oFPSOinally issued.
22 Dispute resolution and legal venue
22.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
22.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Sevan Marine ASA

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

26

