Execution Version
ISIN NOOOl 0699887
BOND AGREEMENT between
Jack-Up InvestCo 3 Ltd. (Issuer)
DBB Jack-up Services A/S (Guarantor) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
11 per cent Jack-Up InvestCo 3 Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/20IS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 INTERPRETATION

2 THE BONDS

3 LISTING

4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

9 INTEREST

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

11 PAYMENTS

12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

13 COVENANTS

14 FEES AND EXPENSES

15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

.

18 MISCELLANEOUS

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
3 13 15 15 15 16 19 22 23 23 26 27 28 38 39 42 44 47

2

Norsk THlftsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on 3 January 2014 between (1) Jack-Up InvestCo 3 Ltd. (a company existing under the laws of the Republic of
Malta with registration number C 57037) as issuer (the "Issuer"), (2) DBB Jack-up Services A/S, (a company existing under the laws o f the Kingdom of
Denmark with registration number 24620417) as guarantor (the "Guarantor"), and (3) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with
registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Accounts" means the Issuer Accounts and the Guarantor Accounts.
"Asset Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of the latest Market Value to the principle amount from time to time outstanding under the Finance Documents less any amount standing to the credit o f the Issuer on the Collection Account.
"Assignment of Construction Insurances" means an assignment o f the Issuer's entitlements under the insurances related to WIND SERVER under construction (other than third party liability insurances).
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bareboat Charter" means the intra-group bareboat charter contract based on the Bimco Supplytime 2005 standard to be entered into by the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect o f WIND SERVER.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

3

Norsk TiUirsmann ASA
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian banks are open for generai business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"BWC" means Blue Water Capital S.A. (registration no B 169926), incorporated in Luxembourg, being the owner o f 50% o f the shares of the Issuer.
"BWC Assignment of Shareholder Loans" means an assignment by way of security of BWC's rights under any Shareholder Loans provided by BWC to the Issuer, to include provisions whereby repayment proceeds shall be pledged correspondingly. BWC may with the approval of the Bond Trustee (which shall not be unreasonable withheld) reinvest repayment proceeds in other financial instruments, which shall be pledged correspondingly.
"BWC Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by BWC over 50% of the shares in the Issuer, together with, inter alia, letters o f resignation (effective upon an Event of Default for which the Bond Trustee has issued a notice) (if legally possible) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Cash Collateral Account" means the account to be held by the Issuer with Spar Nord serving as collateral to Spar Nord for recourse by the Issuer to Spar Nord upon a trigger o f the performance guarantee issued by Spar Nord to the Yard as required under the Construction Contract.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when Odin Equity Partners ceases to own directly or indirectly less than 50% of the shares and/or voting capital o f the Guarantor.
"Charter Contracts" means offshore wind turbine O&M charter contracts for the hire of WIND SERVER with Clients in Northern European waters. Charter Contracts will be entered into by the Guarantor and the Guarantor will be the contractual party towards the Client under any Charter Contract. The Guarantor will in turn bare boat charter WIND SERVER from the Issuer.
"Charter Contract Assignment" means to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of the relevant Charter Contract, an assignment of the rights o f the Guarantor under any Charter Contracts with duration o f three months or more (including all earnings payable and security granted by the Client thereunder).
"Client" means utilities companies or wind turbine generator manufactures who are parties to Charter Contracts.
"Collection Account" means an account with the Paying Agent established in the name o f the Issuer and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
4

Norsk TilUtsmann ASA
The Collection Account is to be blocked, save for transfers to the Retention Account and service o f Shareholder Loans as permitted under this Bond Agreement.
"Construction Contract" means the construction contract dated 3 August 2012 (as amended from time to time) entered into between the Issuer and the Yard, where all payments are secured by the Refund Guarantee.
"Construction Contract Assignment" means an assignment of the Issuer's rights under the Construction Contract and the Refund Guarantee (together with acknowledgements from the Yard and the bank providing the Refund Guarantee after the Issuer has provided notices).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority o f the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number o f voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Delivery Date" means the date on which WIND SERVER is delivered from the Yard to the Issuer in accordance with the terms o f the Construction Contract, with all relevant equipment properly owned and installed on such date.
"Escrow Account" means an account with the Paying Agent denominated in EUR, in the name o f the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"EUR" means the lawful currency o f the European Union.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each o f the Bonds, as set out in Clause2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the
5

Norsk TiHitsmamv ASA

granting o f any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, (v) the Subordination Agreement, and (vi) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as

indebtedness under IFRS;

(g) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;

(h) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect o f a borrowing;

(i)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the

value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be

taken into account); and

Q

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and

(without double counting); any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss o f any person in respect of any o f the items referred to

in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (unconsolidated) and Guarantor (consolidated) for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS with respect to the Issuer and Danish GAAP with respect to the Guarantor, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board o f Directors.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Group" means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer), and a "Group Company" means the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer),
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantor Accounts" means the Guarantor Earnings Account and the Guarantor Operating Account.
"Guarantor Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Guarantor's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor Accounts.
"Guarantor Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment o f the Guarantor's entitlements under the insurances related to WIND SERVER after delivery (other than third party liability insurances).
"Guarantor Assignment of Loans" means an assignment by way o f security o f the Guarantor's rights under any Shareholder Loans provided by the Guarantor to the Issuer.
"Guarantor Earnings Account" means an account with the Paying Agent established in the name of the Guarantor and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Guarantor Operating Account" means an operating account with the Paying Agent established in the name of the Guarantor and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. The Guarantor may open several operating accounts (each deemed to be a "Guarantor Operating Account"), provided that each such account is pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee. Amounts standing to the credit of the Guarantor in the Guarantor Operating Accounts may be utilized by the Guarantor for the purposes referred to in Clause 13.5.1. If the Guarantor has insufficient revenues transferred to the Guarantor Earnings Account during a certain period o f time, the Guarantor may use the amounts in the Guarantor Operating Account to service the payments under the Bareboat Charter.
"Guarantor Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by the Guarantor over 50% of the shares in the Issuer together with, inter alia, letters o f resignation (effective upon an Event of Default for which the Bond Trustee has issued a notice) (if legally possible) from the current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Guarantor Subordinated Loans" means any loan or loan stock made or, as the context may require, to be made available by the direct shareholders o f the Guarantor to the Guarantor. Such loans shall not have any amortization or maturity date prior to the Maturity Date, and shall be fully subordinated to the rights of the Bondholders by way o f a Subordination Agreement and shall have no right to accelerate for as long
7

Norsk Titlitsmann ASA
as the Bonds are outstanding. The Guarantor Subordinated Loans shall not pay any cash interests prior to the Maturity Date.
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Interest Payment Date" means 3 January and 3 July each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention,
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Issuer (unconsolidated) and the Guarantor (consolidated) for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS with respect to the Issuer and Danish GAAP for the Guarantor .
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number o f the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 3 January 2014.
"Issuer Accounts" means the Escrow Account, the Issuer Earnings Account, the Issuer Operating Account, the Retention Account and the Collection Account.
"Issuer Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit o f the Issuer in the Issuer Accounts (save for the Escrow Account Pledge and the Retention Account Pledge).
"Issuer Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment of the Issuer's entitlements under the insurances related to WIND SERVER after delivery has been made (other than third party liability insurances).
"Issuer Operating Account" means an operating account with the Paying Agent established in the name o f the Issuer and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. The Issuer may open several operating accounts (each deemed to be an "Issuer Operating Account"), provided that each such operating account is pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee. The Issuer Operating Accounts shall be pledged in favour of the Trustee but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding Event o f Default), and amounts standing to the credit o f the Issuer in the Issuer Operating Accounts may be utilized by the Issuer for the purposes set out in Clause 13.5.3 and for mobilization costs and other working capital matters.
"Issuer Earnings Account" means an earnings account with the Paying Agent established in the name o f the Issuer and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AB.
8

Norsk Tillitsmarm ASA

"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if:

(a) the Issuer's rights under the Construction Contract or WIND SERVER is sold or disposed of;

(b) the Construction Contract is terminated;

(c) WIND SERVER is not delivered on or prior to 10 February 2015;

(d) the Guarantor ceases to own directly 50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital o f the Issuer;

(e) there is a Total Loss Event; or

(f)

an Event of Default occurs.

"Market Value" means the fair market value of WIND SERVER in EUR determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of WIND SERVER, on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free o f any existing charters or other contracts for employment, obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the vessels, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee. Such valuation shall be made at least semi-annually in connection with the presentation o f the Issuer's relevant Interim Report or upon request by the Bond Trustee. The cost of such valuation shall be for die account of the Issuer (however limited to twice per year).

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer or the Guarantor, (b) the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability o f any o f the Finance Documents.

"Maturity Date" means 3 January 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Mortgage" means a mortgage over WIND SERVER including all relevant equipment being legally part of WIND SERVER (including cranes) under the applicable law where WIND SERVER is registered.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.

"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantor.

"Odin Equity Partners" means Odin Equity Partners II K/S, which controls the majority of the shares in DBB Jack-Up Services A/S which controls 50% of the shares in the Issuer. Odin Equity Partners II K/S is controlled by Odin Equity Partners A/S. Odin Equity Partners A/S is the advisor o f the fund Odin Equity Partners II K/S.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

9

Norsk Tillilsinann ASA

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees),

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds, being the Oslo branch of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (publ) AB.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"PenSam Subordinated Loan" means the amount outstanding under the DKK 150,000,000 subordinated loan agreement between the Guarantor and PenSam Liv forsikringsaktieselskap, dated 5 July 2012. The Pensam Subordinated Loan is subordinated to all senior indebtedness of the Guarantor (including the Bonds), carries an 8% payment in kind interest, a 2% cash interest and an estimated 3% interest in the form of warrants issued by the Guarantor, and matures in full at 5 September 2018.

"Pre-Disbursement Security" means

(a) the Construction Contract Assignment;

(b) the Retention Account Pledge;

(c) the Assignment of Construction Insurances;

(d) the Guarantee;

(e) the Guarantor Share Pledge;

(f) the Guarantor Assignment of Loans;

(g) the BWC Share Pledge; and

(h) the BWC Assignment of Shareholder Loans.

"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Escrow Account Pledge.

"Project Documents" means:

(i)

the Construction Contract and the Refund Guarantee;

(ii) the Bareboat Charter; and

(iii) any Charter Contract.

"Qualified Charter Contract" means a Charter Contract with a minimum duration o f 3 year's (excluding Client options to extend) and a day rate o f minimum EUR 50,000 (net of any deductions).

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Refund Guarantee" means the current and future guarantees issued by Deutsche Bank, or any other bank acceptable under the Construction Contract, in favour o f the

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Issuer as security for repayment o f instalments upon a termination of the Construction Contract. "Reserve Amount" means a) from the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 30 months after Settlement Date an amount equal to EUR 8,500,000, b) from the Interest Payment Date falling 30 months to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 42 months after Settlement Date an amount equal to EUR 7,500,000, and c) from the Interest Payment Date falling 42 to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, an amount equal to EUR 6,000,000.
"Retentioa Account" means an account with the Paying Agent established in the name o f the Issuer to service interest payments under the Bond Issue and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents. The Retention Account shall be blocked save for coupon and amortization payments to be paid in accordance with the terms of the Bond Agreement.
"Retention Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Retention Account, where the Paying Agent operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any'obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means the Pre-Settlement Security, the Pre-Disbursement Security and the Subsequent Security.
"Shareholders" means the Guarantor and BWC.
"Shareholder Bridge Loans" means the portion of aggregate Shareholder Loans contributed to the Issuer prior to Disbursement exceeding EUR 38,000,000 (prior to conversion of EUR 28,000,000 into equity) reflecting the latest injection to fttnd certain payments to the Yard falling due in November/December 2013. The Shareholder Bridge Loans are to be repaid upon initial disbursement from the Escrow Account (as provided for in Clause 2.3(iv), provided however that no such repayment shall bring the net aggregate shareholder contribution paid-into the Issuer below EUR 38,000,000.
"Shareholder Loans" means any loan or loan stock made or, as the context may require, to be made available by the Shareholders to the Issuer, excluding the Shareholder Bridge Loans. Shareholders Loans shall not carry any cash interests
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

prior to the Maturity Date. The restrictions above shal] not apply to the Shareholder Bridge Loans.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordinated Capital" means the sum o f (i) the aggregate amount which in accordance with Danish GAAP would be shown in the Guarantor's financial statements as the shareholders' equity of the Group on a pro-rata consolidated basis (ii) the PenSam Subordinated Loan, (iii) Guarantor Subordinated Loans and (iv) the pro-rate consolidated part of the Shareholder Loans.

"Subordinated Capital Ratio" means the ratio of Subordinated Capital to Total Assets.

"Subordination Agreement" means an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Shareholders providing for the full subordination of the Shareholder Loans, limitations on repayment and payment o f interest and absolute stand-still provisions where after the Shareholders cannot accelerate on the Shareholder Loans prior to the payment obligations under the Bonds having been settled in full.

"Subsequent Security" means

(a) the Mortgage;

(b) the Issuer Assignment of Insurances;

(c) the Issuer Account Pledge;

(d) the Charter Contract Assignment;

(e) the Guarantor Assignment o f Insurances; and

(f)

the Guarantor Account Pledge.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which in accordance with Danish GAAP would be shown in the Guarantor's financial statements as the total assets of the Group on a pro-rata consolidated basis.

"Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of WIND SERVER.

"Transfer Date" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.5.1.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"WIND PIONEER Conversion" means the conversion the offshore jack-up wind turbine O&M vessel identified as WIND PIONEER is currently undergoing at Orskov Yard A/S, expected to be completed in January 2014.

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"WIND SERVER" means the offshore jack-up wind turbine O&M vessel identified as Hull No. 212 which is under construction at the Yard pursuant to the Construction Contract (with cranes included). WIND SERVER will be registered in Malta, Denmark or such other registry reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee at the Delivery Date.

"WIND Upgrade" means an upgrade o f the offshore jack-up wind turbine O&M vessel identified as WIND, expected to occur during Q1 2014. The foil capital investment required for such upgrade is estimated to EUR 2 million.

"Yard" means Nordic Yards in Germany.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event o f Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency o f a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

(h) In respect o f any provisions where the Trustee is required to act "reasonably", the Trustee shall be deemed to have acted reasonably if it is acting on the instructions of the Bondholders.

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

13

Norsk Tilliismann ASA

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount o f EUR 40,000,000 (Forty million Euro).

The Face Value is EUR 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "11 per cent Jack-Up InvestCo 3 Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2018".

The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO0010699887

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds o f the Bonds (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be applied towards:

(i) fully finance the remaining instalments under the Construction Contract;

(ii) fully finance other costs related to the construction and delivery of the WIND SERVER) (including any variation orders);

(iii) fund the Cash Collateral Account with EUR 9,500,000;

(iv) repay any Shareholder Bridge Loans; and

(v) pre-fund the first two interest payments on the Retention Account.

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2.4 A total o f EUR 9,500,000 in cash collateral for the performance guarantee issued by Spar Nord is as o f this date held in two separate bank accounts established in the name o f the Guarantor and BWC respectively. Upon initial disbursement from the Escrow Account the amount of EUR 9,500,000 shall be transferred into the Cash Collateral Account (as provided for in Clause 2.3(iii)), and the Issuer will subsequently hold in the Cash Collateral Account the full cash collateral for the performance guarantee issued by Spar Nord, while the collateral deposits from the Guarantor and BWC will be released to their benefit.

The performance guarantee amount, and the accompanying cash collateral amount on the Cash Collateral Account, shall be gradually reduced upon payment o f the seventh, eighth and ninth instalments under the Construction Contract. The proceeds in the Cash Collateral Account (and the further funds in such account) shall in due time be released from such account and subsequently be employed exclusively to finance the seventh, eighth and ninth instalments under the Construction Contract.

2.5 Upon delivery of the WIND SERVER under the Construction Contract, and provided all costs budgeted for in the project budget as set out in the Information Memorandum has been funded, any remaining amount on the Escrow Account shall be transferred from the Escrow Account into the Collection Account.

3

Listing

The Bonds shall be listed at the Oslo Stock Exchange within 12 months of Settlement Date.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the tenns and conditions o f the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g, to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense. The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

15 0K

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.3 The Bonds cannot be sold to "Malta investors" (as further defined below), or be sold in a manner which constitute an "offer to the public" as defined under Malta law. The following actions are not regarded as "offers to the public": (i) An offer is made to qualified investors only, (ii) an offer is made to less than 150 persons per EU or EEA State (not including qualified investors) (iii) the minimum consideration of an offer is at least EUR 100,000.00 per investor, (iv) the total consideration in any EU/EEA State does not exceed EUR 100,000.00 calculated over a period of twelve months; or (v) the total consideration does not exceed EUR 5,000,000 calculated over a period o f twelve months. "Malta investors" means a) Bondholders that are resident in Malta for income tax purposes; b) Bondholders that are engaged in any trade or business in Malta through a permanent establishment situated in Malta to which the debt-claims in respect of which the interest is payable to the Bondholders in terms of the Bond Loan Agreement is effectively connected, and c) Bondholders that are owned and controlled by, directly or indirectly, or act on behalf of an individual or individuals who are ordinarily resident and domiciled in Malta.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf o f the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles o f Association o f the Issuer;

(e) the Guarantor's latest Financial Statements and an audited interim balance sheet of the Issuer dated 30 June 2013;

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(j)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing o f the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer);

(l)

establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties

(including relevant acknowledgement from the bank);

(m) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Shareholders have contributed at least EUR 38,000,000 by way o f Shareholder Loans to the Issuer; and

(n) a copy of the Construction Contract provided to the Bond Trustee.

The documents listed in items (b), (c) and (d) above shall also be delivered by the Guarantor.

6.2 Pre-Initial Disbursement

Disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b) a certificate from the Issuer certifying that there have been no additional costs relating to the delivery of WIND SERVER that are not included in the project budget and any contingency identified therein as set out in the Information Memorandum and which are not funded by equity or Shareholder Loans permitted under the Finance Documents and deposited into the Escrow Account;

(c)

relevant invoices or other supporting documentation evidencing that the

amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3;

(d) a confirmation from the Issuer that no (potential) Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing;

(e)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts are opened with

the Paying Agent or another first class international bank with minimum

"A" credit rating from S&P, Moody's or Fitch or, in each case, an affiliate

thereof, and where the Escrow Account and the Retention Account must be

established in a Norwegian bank while the Guarantor Earnings Account

may be established in a Nordic bank;

(f)

confirmation from the Issuer that other than what is expressly permitted

under the Finance Documents, no Financial Indebtedness exists;

17

Norsk TtlKisniaim ASA

(g) satisfactory documentation evidencing that, prior to the Settlement Date, at least EUR 28,000.000 of Shareholder Loans has been converted to equity capital;

(h) necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and the Guarantor to execute the Security;

(i)

satisfactory evidence o f all relevant insurances having been taken out;

(j)

all relevant Pre-Disbursement Security being executed and perfected;

(k) the Subordination Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(l)

a satisfactory form of loan agreement to be applied for any new Shareholder

Loans;

(m) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and

(n) any other Finance Documents are in acceptable form and are executed.

6.3 Pre-Disbursement

Prior to each disbursement from the Escrow Account after the initial disbursement, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Trustee receives:

(a) relevant invoices or other supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released will be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3; and

(b) a confirmation from the Issuer that no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

6.4 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.5 Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.5, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account

6.7 The Issuer shall only be entitled to withdraw and use amounts on the Escrow Account according to the Purpose o f the Bond Issue, including the payment of any fees and costs related to the Bond Issue. The Issuer shall irrevocably and unconditionally instruct the Bond Trustee and the bank in which the Escrow Account has been opened to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the Bond Issue using the proceeds on the Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow Account,

18 bH

Norsk Ttllstsmann ASA

Before the first release from the Escrow Account takes place (other than payment of fees and costs as set out above), all the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent shall be complied with, or otherwise waived by the Bond Trustee,

6.8 The Issuer shall deposit an amount from the first release from the Escrow Account equal to 12 months interest on the Bonds into the Retention Account. Such amount shall be used to pay the first two coupon payments under the Bond Issue.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status
It is a private shipping company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of Malta, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving of notice, the making o f any determination or any combination o f any o f the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or

19

Norsk TilMtsmann ASA

to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any o f its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes o f this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer Is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement, subject to the compliance of Bondholders with the transfer restrictions in clause 5.3.

(l)

Paripassu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(m) Security
No Security exists over any o f the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The Guarantor represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status
It is a private limited company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws o f Denmark, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement, the Guarantee and any other Finance Document to which it is a party.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

The obligations assumed by the Guarantor under this Bond Agreement, the Guarantee and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement, the Guarantee and any other Finance Document to which it is a party do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon It or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

(i)

No Event o f Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination o f any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any o f its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement, the Guarantee or any other Finance Document to which it is a party have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes o f this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Guarantor is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under the Guarantee rank at least pari passu with all other obligations o f the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

(m) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.3 The representations and warranties set out in Clauses 7.1 and 7.2 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement. The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 11 per cent (11%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 3 July 2014.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis o f a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31 st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month o f February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount Fraction

Face Value

X

Fixed

Rate

X

Fixed Rate

Day Count

10

Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity and instalments The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in instalments as follows:

Payment Date
The Interest Payment Date falling 18 months after the Issue Date
The Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Issue Date
The Interest Payment Date falling 30 months after the Issue Date

Amount EUR 2,000,000 EUR 3,500,000
EUR 4,000,000

23

Norsk Tiliitsmann ASA

The Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Issue Date
The Interest Payment Date falling 42 months after the Issue Date
Maturity Date
Sum

EUR 4,500,000 EUR 4,500,000 EUR 21,500,000 EUR 40,000,000

Payment of instalments must be carried out pro rata at par value in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole, but not in part, from and including (Call Option):
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Issue Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:
a. the present value of 109.00 % o f par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Issue Date;
b. the present value of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Issue Date; and
c. accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount,
both a. and b. above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration o f the Bonds until the date falling 24 months after the Issue Date) on the 10th Business Day prior to the repayment date.
(ii) the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 109.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(ill) the Interest Payment Date falling 30 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 107.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 105.50% o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(v) the Interest Payment Date falling 42 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
24

Norsk Tiifitsmann ASA

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price o f 101% o f par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be no later than 15 Business Days after the end o f the 60 calendar days' exercise period o f the Put Option,

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring, the Issuer shall, not later than 30 calendar days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, unless there is an Event o f Default and the Bond Trustee has declared the Outstanding Bonds to be due for immediate repayment in which case it shall be promptly, redeem 100% o f the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to the prevailing call price outlined under the Issuer's Call Option set out in Clause 10.2.1.

For the avoidance o f doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.4, the entire amount on the Accounts, together with any amounts received as damages payments under the Construction Contract or any insurance proceeds may be applied to prepay the Bonds.
11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order o f the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the any Obligor or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge o f its obligations under Clause 11.1.1,

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date o f the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account o f the Issuer.

26

Norsk Tiflitsmann ASA

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities o f a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment o f any unpaid fees, costs and expenses o f the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, p ro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment o f any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer and the Group has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Group's holding of Bonds may at the Groups' discretion be retained by the Group, sold or discharged.

27

Norsk Tilliismann ASA

13 Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in

writing o f any Event o f Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer

understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event o f Default and any

other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts for each o f the first three quarters of a year, and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e)

at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any

statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating o f the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

28
M

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such above-mentioned reports referred to in Clause 13.2.1 (c) and (d) 13.2.1 to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, provided that the Bond Trustee is provided coverage by the Bondholders for any costs incurred (unless covered by the Guarantor).

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication o f its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event o f non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not enter into any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations o f the Issuer with any other companies or entities.

(c) De-mergers and corporate restructurings
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, or corporate restructurings.

(d) Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal o f business
Unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part o f the Group's assets or operations.

(f)

A rm 's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.4 Issuer's special covenants

13.4.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) remain as a single-purpose company owning and bareboat chartering WIND SERVER;
(b) up to and including the month WIND SERVER is delivered to the Issuer, provide to the Bond Trustee monthly updates on the progression o f the construction o f WIND SERVER in a reporting form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, with any applicable commentaries from the Board of Directors, supported by an opinion on the construction pursuant to the Construction Contract and regarding compliance with the budget, schedule and technical specifications set out in the Construction Contract and the Information Memorandum;
(c) upon request with 30 days prior notice of the Bond Trustee, allow a technical adviser to undertake during normal business hours a technical inspection of WIND SERVER without interference to the daily operation of WIND SERVER provided that such inspections shall, for so long as no Event of Default is outstanding, be limited to once every year, in each case at the expense o f the Issuer;

(d) do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on first priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be);

(e)

enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the project is to the best o f its

knowledge at alt times operated and maintained in accordance with the

Project Documents;

(f)

on the Delivery Date or as soon as practically possible thereafter, provide

evidence of all insurances then relevant being taken out;

(g) on the Delivery Date or as soon as practically possible thereafter, provide a further Assignment of Insurances for any remaining, relevant Insurances;

(h) ensure that the transfer of title to WIND SERVER from the Yard to the Issuer takes place when possible pursuant to the terms o f the Construction Contract;

30

i

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i)

upon delivery of WIND SERVER, on or about the Delivery Date provide

the Mortgage;

(j)

on the Delivery Date or as soon as practically possible thereafter, provide

certified copies of customary delivery documents;

(k) procure that the Guarantor will covenant to the Bond Trustee that, following an enforcement o f the Mortgage, it will on demand hand over all manuals and technical records in respect of WIND SERVER to the Bond Trustee;

(l)

on every Transfer Date commencing 12 months after the Settlement Date

(regardless o f whether or not the Guarantor has entered into any Charter

Contract) transfer from the Issuer Earnings Account, or as the case may be,

the Collection Account an amount equal to 1/6 o f the next interest and

amortization payment under the Bonds to the Retention Account;

(m) procure that all its earnings under the Bareboat Charter shall be paid directly from the Guarantor to the Issuer Earnings Account; and

(n) ensure that the Subsequent Security is established on or about the Delivery Date, save for the Issuer Account Pledge and the Guarantor Account Pledge which shall be established as soon as possible (but where perfection will be subject to the three month hardening period applicable under Danish law).

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such above-mentioned reports referred to in Clause 13.4(c) to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, and may charge the Issuer for any costs incurred thereby.
13.4.2 The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' Meeting;

(a) during the term of the Bonds, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, repay any Shareholder Loans under which the Issuer is borrower (other than the Shareholder Bridge Loans) or make any other distribution to its Shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any share issued by any party) unless all of the following conditions are met:
a. No Event of Default is continuing both before and immediately after such distribution or payment;
b. AH transfers then required as set out in Clause 13.5.1 have been made; c. An amount equal to or greater than the Reserve Amount is deposited
on the Collection Account both before and immediately after such distribution or payment; and d. The Guarantor has in place a Qualified Charter Contract in respect of WIND SERVER,

in which case the Issuer shall be allowed to repay Shareholders Loans, subject to the approval of the Bond Trustee which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld if the above requirements are met.

31
0 t't

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

In respect o f letter d, above, a Qualified Charter Contract shall after the Interest Payment Date falling 36 months after the Settlement Date, only be deemed a Qualified Charter Contract if such contract has a firm expiry date at least 12 months after the Final Maturity Date and generate an annual EBITDA of at least 40% of the remaining outstanding amount o f the Bonds to be repaid at the Final Maturity Date.

(b) invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership of WIND SERVER;

(c) change the order o f payments pursuant to Clause 13,5.1;

(d) amend its constitutional documents in such a way which would have a Material Adverse Effect, it being understood that any amendment relating to issuance of new shares to the Guarantor or BWC in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such shares are subject to the Guarantor Share Pledge or the BWC Share Pledge respectively or are otherwise secured in favour of the Bond Trustee will be permitted;

(e) agree to or permit any material changes to the Construction Contract including but not limited to any agreement for changes leading to a delay of the Delivery Date for WIND SERVER, except for (a) permissible delays caused by variation orders within the project budget (as set out in the Information Memorandum), and/or (b) other amendments to the extent that, where applicable, such amendments are fully pre-funded by equity or Shareholder Loans, and/or (c) amendments not having any material negative impact on the value of WIND SERVER as contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents, or agree to the cancellation or termination of any Project Document or take any legal or administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project Documents, except in the event that it constitutes or is effected in connection with a substitution o f the said Project Document on substantially the same terms as the Project Document being substituted and subject to similar security arrangements as envisaged with the Project Documents. The Bond Trustee may seek professional advice on the expense of the Issuer, and relay on such advice, to determine whether or not a potential change to the Construction Contract is permitted under exception (a) - (c) above;

(f)

agree to or permit the assignment o f any of its rights under the Project

Documents, other than the Security Interests;

(g) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any Group Company and/or any third party;

(h) create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect other than (a) the Security Interests, (b) the pledge of the Cash Collateral Account and (c) any Security arising by operation of law;

(i)

incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether

secured or unsecured) other than (a) the Financial Indebtedness arising

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

under the Bond Issue or (b) any Shareholder Loans under which the Issuer is borrower;

(j)

make any other financial or other arrangements concerning WIND SERVER

and its employment other than provided for in the Finance Documents,

which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to

fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or

(k) engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except (a) in the ordinary course o f business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement o f the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time, and (b) the Bareboat Charter, where the rate is fixed according to a shareholders agreement.

13.5 Use o fProceeds and Earnings

13,5.1 Application of Earnings

The Issuer shall ensure that all earnings under any Charter Contract and any other earnings related to WIND SERVER shall be paid into the Guarantor Earnings Account. The following transfers and payments shall be made on a monthly basis within five banking days after receipt of such earnings ("Transfer Date"):

(i)

firstly, the Guarantor shall transfer from the Guarantor Earnings Account to

the Issuer Earnings Account the agreed monthly bareboat rate under the

Bareboat Charter for the month last ended prior to that Transfer Date

(ii) Secondly, the Guarantor shall transfer from the Guarantor Earnings Account to the Guarantor Operating Accounts) (a) budgeted operating expenses for WIND SERVER for the calendar month following the Transfer Date, such budget to include direct operating expenses related to WIND SERVER, maintenance cost, project related cost, estimated insurance, classification and survey costs and other operating costs payable under agreements with third parties; (b) any shortfall from the previous month's transfer due to cost overruns; and (c) 1/3 (to be reduced accordingly if the number of Group vessels increase from three) o f the Guarantor's budgeted SG&A expensed for the calendar month following the Transfer Date, provided however that no such monthly transfer (the sum o f (a) to (c) above) shall exceed EUR 500,000;

(iii) thirdly, the Guarantor shall transfer all remaining funds on the Guarantor Earnings Account (by way of a Shareholder Loan) to the Collection Account. Such transfer shall continue until:

a. the amount on the Collection Account reaches the Reserve Amount (at which time such transfers shall cease until the amount on such account again falls below the Reserve Amount); and

b. the Guarantor has entered into a Qualified Charter Contract;

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that both conditions a. and b. above are fulfilled, the Guarantor shall freely dispose all funds remaining on the Guarantor Earnings Account after transfers (i) and (ii) has been made;

(iv) fourthly, the Issuer shall transfer from the Issuer Earnings Account to the Issuer Operating Account (a) its budgeted general and administrative expenses for the next month from the relevant Transfer Date; (b) any shortfall from the previous month's transfer;

(v) fifthly, the Issuer shall (on every Transfer Date) transfer from the Issuer Earnings Account to the Retention Account an amount equal to the sum of 1/6 o f the next interest payment and 1/6 of the next amortization payment, the first such transfer to commence 12 months after the Settlement Date; and

(vi) finally, the Issuer shall transfer all remaining funds on the Issuer Earnings Account to the Collection Account,

After the payments under (i) through (vi) have been made, the Issuer may service Shareholder Loans subject to compliance with the further requirements under Clause 13.4.2 letter (a).

13.5.2

The Issuer shall, on every Transfer Date commencing 12 months after the Settlement Date (regardless o f whether or not the Guarantor has entered into any Charter Contract) transfer from the Issuer Earnings Account, or as the case may be, the Collection Account an amount equal to 1/6 o f the next interest and amortization payment under the Bonds to the Retention Account.

13.5.3 The budgeted expenses o f the Issuer shall be transferred from the Issuer Earnings Account to the Issuer Operating Account in accordance with Clause 13.5.1.

In addition, any new cash equity granted to the Issuer or proceeds o f Shareholder Loans received shall be transferred into the relevant Issuer Operating Account. Such proceeds on such Operating Account may be used to fund the construction o f WIND SERVER under the Construction Contract or other project costs and expenses related to the vessel.

I f the Issuer has insufficient revenues transferred to the Issuer Earnings Account during a certain period o f time, the Issuer may use the amounts on the Issuer Operating Accounts to service the monthly transfers to the Retention Account. The Issuer may at will transfer funds from the Issuer Operating Account to the Collection Account.

13.5.4

In accordance with Clause 13.5.1, all excess funds generated from any Charter Contract shall be deposited into the Collection Account until the balance on the Collection Account reaches the Reserve Amount and the Guarantor has entered into a Qualified Charter Contract.

All funds on the Collection Account shall be held in the Collection Account as a liquidity buffer. However, if the Issuer has insufficient revenues transferred to the Issuer Earnings Account during a certain period o f time, the Issuer may use the amounts on the Collection Accounts to service the monthly transfers to the Retention Account.

34

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

Upon the satisfaction o f certain criteria set out in the Issuer's Negative Covenants letter a), the Issuer shall be allowed to service Shareholder Loans with amounts deposited on the Collection Account.

13.6 Covenants by the Guarantor

13.6.1 The Guarantor shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make

them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by

arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and

not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year;

(b) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts for each of the first three quarters o f a year, and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(c) maintain at least 50% direct ownership over all the shares and control over all the voting rights o f the Issuer;

(d)

do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document

remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on first priority, at the

expense of the Guarantor or the relevant security provider (as the case may

be);

(e)

enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the project is to the best o f its

knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the

Project Documents;

(f)

procure that all its earnings under any Charter Contracts and all its other net

earnings related to WIND SERVER is paid directly from the relevant debtor

to the Guarantor Earnings Account. The budgeted operating expenses of the

Guarantor related to WIND SERVER shall be transferred from the

Guarantor Earnings Account to the Guarantor Operating Account in

accordance with Clause 13.5.1.

Following an enforcement of the Mortgage, the Guarantor shall on demand hand over all manuals and technical records in respect o f WIND SERVER to the Bond Trustee.

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute the reports referred to in Clause 13.6.1(a) to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, and may charge the Issuer for any costs incurred thereby.

13.6.2 The Guarantor shall not without the approval o f the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' Meeting:

(a)

during the term of the Bonds declare or make any dividend payment to its

shareholders, repayment of any shareholder loans from its shareholders,

repurchase of its shares or make any loans or other distributions to its

35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued);

(b) demand, and procure that no member of the Group demands, any dividend payments or other distributions from the Issuer;

(c) enforce and/or accelerate, and procure that no member o f the Group shall enforce and/or accelerate, any monetary claim against the Issuer without prior written consent o f the Bond Trustee and ensure that any monetary claims are subordinated to the Bondholders' claim in an insolvency, and subject to the Subordination Agreement;

(d) cease to carry on, and procure that no member of the Group ceases to carry on, its business or change the general nature o f the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement;

(e) enter into any de-merger, merger or other corporate restructuring in such a way which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f)

sell or dispose of ail or a substantial part of its assets or operations if such

sale or disposal would have a Material Adverse Effect;

(g) change the order of payments pursuant to Clause 13.5,1;

(h) amend its constitutional documents in such a way which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

(i)

prior to entering into a Qualified Charter Contract for WIND SERVER,

make or commit to (and procure that no member o f the Group shall make

or commit to) any capital expenditures or investments (including, but not

limited to purchase of fixed assets, entering into newbuild contracts,

purchase of shares of equity and granting any loans) in an aggregate

amount exceeding EUR 5,000,000 in each financial year, other than capital

expenditures or investments which:

a, relates to the WIND Upgrade; and

b, are capital expenditures reasonably required to complete the ongoing WIND PIONEER Conversion

For the avoidance o f doubt, capital expenditures and investments in relation to the exemptions a. and b. above shall not be included in the aforementioned cap relating to capital expenditures and investments o f EUR 5,000,000; or

(j)

engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party

(without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering

of any service), except (a) in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to

the reasonable requirement of the Guarantor's business and upon fair and

reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Guarantor or (as the case

may be) the Issuer, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length

transaction at the time and (b) the Bareboat Charter, where the rate is fixed

according to a shareholders agreement.

13.7 Financial Covenants on the Guarantor and the Issuer

36

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) Subordinated Capital Ratio
The Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Subordinated Capital Ratio o f minimum 40%, to be tested quarterly on the basis of the interim report for such period and reported by delivery of a compliance certificate to the Bond Trustee no later than 60 days following the last day of the relevant financial quarter.
(b) Asset Coverage Ratio
The Issuer shall at all times maintain an Asset Coverage Ratio of minimum 150%, to be tested on a quarterly basis, commencing by the end o f the first financial quarter after delivery o f WIND SERVER under the Construction Contract, and reported by delivery of a compliance certificate to the Bond Trustee no later than 60 days following the last day of the relevant financial quarter.
13.8 Vessel Covenants
(a) Maintenance o f insurances The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance o f insurances o f WIND SERVER and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain WIND SERVER in class. During operation of WIND SERVER, the Issuer shall ensure that it runs proper maintenance o f WIND SERVER according to planned maintenance system. WIND SERVER shall also be adequately insured (including war risk) against Hull & Machinery risks for at least (120) % o f the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as mortgagee interest insurance and loss of hire and any additional insurance required under any law or Charter Contracts. The insurances shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with no less favourable terms.
(b) Maintenance o f Class The Issuer shall maintain class, flag, name and registry of WIND SERVER. The Issuer may reflag WIND SERVER to any generally recognized first class flag state, provided that such reflagging does not have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Maintenance o f Condition
The Issuer shall ensure that WIND SERVER is kept in a good and safe condition and that necessary repairs are carried out consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards. (d) Operation in Accordance with Applicable Laws and Regulations The Issuer shall ensure that WIND SERVER at all times is operated in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
37
J2K

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13,9 Covenants on USA operations

The Guarantor shall not, and procure that no member of the Group shall, without the approval of a bondholders' meeting:

a. incorporate any subsidiaries in the United States o f America (USA); b. establish or operate an office in the USA; c. open or maintain bank accounts in the USA; d. incur Financial Indebtedness in the USA (for the avoidance o f doubt, other
than Bonds from time to time held by investors in the USA); or e. operate any vessels or call any ports in the USA, unless such operation in the
USA has a tenor o f at least 21 days o f commercial operations (excluding time spent on transport to and from the USA) and no Event o f Default is occurring or imminent.

The Guarantor shall immediately inform the Trustee, if operation o f any of the Groups vessels in the USA becomes probable.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default o f the Bond Issue and the enforcement o f any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the hade o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

38

euA

Norsk Tjllitsmam) ASA

14.6 If the Issuer Is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 I f any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date o f this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date,

(b) Breach o fother obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(xi) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event of default (however described); or

39

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above o f a total of EUR 1,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

(i)

A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason o f actual

or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or

more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(ii) The value o f the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect o f any indebtedness o f any member o f the Group

(f)

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme o f arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

40

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) Creditors'process
Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any o f its assets.

(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

15.5 Waterfall

Proceeds following an Event of Default which has occurred and is continuing shall be applied in the following order o f priority:

41

Norsk TillUsmann ASA

(i)

firstly; in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Bond

Trustee, and the Issuer will indemnify the Bond Trustee for all costs and

expenses in any event;

(ii) secondly; in or towards payment o f all sums outstanding pursuant to the Finance Documents; and

(iii) finally; the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.

If the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee for incurred fees, the Bond Trustee may seek funding of its incurred costs and expenses from the Bondholders, or failing them, other sources, in which case such other sources will be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee, but subordinate to any further Bond Trustee expenses.

16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders ' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a)

the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if theBonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

42

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time o f distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. I f the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership.

43
RK

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds (including any Bonds owned by a Group company) shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount o f Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4, Even i f less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (172) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

44
H

Norsk Tiltitsmann ASA

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event o f Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event o f Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

11.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts o f interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

45

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2, The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses o f a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

46

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement o f the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

47

I

Norsk TilJitsmajin ASA

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement; (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders; (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders5community; and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit

of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee

(the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the

payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon

exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity

Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other

amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date o f establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c)

if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a

replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by

its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the

Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors

o f the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or

defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal

opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and

Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or

legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions o f the Security and

Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid,

perfected and enforceable Security in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the

benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of

creditors o f each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or

similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the

jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate

domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the

Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or

48

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e)

all other provisions o f this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall

remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy o f this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

49 m

Norsk Ti)tftsmai>n ASA

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities

Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force

shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the

deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is

so

Norsk TiHitsmann ASA

not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day o f such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act o f process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

51

I

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

II PER CENT JACK-UP INVESTCO 3 LTD. SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2018 - ISIN N00010699887

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.7, the Subordinated Capital Ratio as of [date] is XX and the Asset Coverage Ratio as of [date] is YY.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Jack-Up InvestCo 3 Ltd

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation] 52

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0I16 Oslo Norway

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

11 PER CENT JACK-UP INVESTCO 3 LTD. SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2018 - ISIN N00010699887

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount o f [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event o f Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Jack-Up InvestCo 3 Ltd

Name ofauthorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

53
&K

