ISINNOOOl 066997.1
Execution Version
BOND AGREEMENT
between VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS
as Issuer and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS Callable Bond
Issue 2013/2016
i

CONTENTS
Clause
1. Interpretation................ ................................... 2. The Bonds........................................... ............ 3. Listing................. *........................................... 4. Registration In The Securities DEPOSITORY 5. Purchase And Transfer Of Bonds................... 6. Conditions Precedent............... ....................... 7. Representations And Warranties..................... 8. Status Of The Bonds And Security................. 9. Interest......................... ................................... 10. Maturity Of The Bonds And Redemption....... 11. Payments.......................................................... 12. Issuer's Acquisition Of Bonds........................ 13. COVENANTS................................................ 14. Fees And Expenses......................................... 15. Events Of Default........................................... 16. Bondholders' M eeting.................................... 17. The Bond Trustee............................................ 18. Miscellaneous.................................................

Attachments

1.

Release Notice - Escrow Account

2.

Compliance Certificate

Page
..3 11 12 12 13 13 16 17 18 19 20 22 22 28 29 32 35 37

O'"
2

This agreement has been entered into on 15 January 2013 between:
(1) VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS, (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 997 500 660) as issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, (a company existing under the laws of Norway and existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Approved Shipbroker" means any of Fearnleys, RS Platou, Westshore or such other independent reputable ship broker nominated by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee from time to time.
"Attachment" means the attaclnnents to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means tills bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders11Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16,
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement,
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo,
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, on any date, the aggregate of the equivalent in NOK on such date of the then current market value of:
a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts
3

with an acceptable bank; and
b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,
in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Encumbrance. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is;
a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's, Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or
a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Cetus Financing" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 2.4.
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group - other than Tor 0stervold horn 1941 and/or Hans Gravdal bom 1947 and/or entities incorporated in Norway and controlled by either of them - becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights of the Issuer.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Compliance Certificate" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3.
"Corporate Financing" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 2.4.
"Current Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's assets (on a consolidated basis) which are treated as current assets in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer) less the aggregate book value of any restricted cash (where restricted cash only means cash which is pledged and/or blocked).
"Current Liabilities" means the aggregate book value of the Group's liabilities (on a consolidated basis) which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with NGAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer), excluding the current portion of long term debt.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18,2.

"Disbursement" means release and disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond issue from the Escrow Account to the Issuer.
"EBITDA" means the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (to be calculated on a quarterly basis or a 12-month rolling basis (as die case may be) unless otherwise expressly stated herein) determined in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).
"Employment Contract" means any charter agreement or other employment contracts in respect of any of the Existing PSVs.
"Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) denominated in NOK with a bank as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority in favor of the Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge over the Escrow Account (according to Norwegian law), where the bank operating the account has waived any set off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clauses 15.1 -15.9.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing PSVs" means the vessels M/V "Vestland Insula", M/V "Vestland Mistral", M/V "Vestland Cetus" and M/V "Vestland Mira" (each an "Existing PSV")
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.3(b).
"Finance Documents" means
(a) the Bond Agreement;
(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2;
(c) the Security Documents;
(d) any other documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents; and
(e) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other Party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

(b)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or

dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds,

notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are

sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Financial Support" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.17.

"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in Norway.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

"IFRS" means international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.

"Insula Financing" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 2.4.

"Intercompany Loan Pledges" means 1st priority pledges in any intercompany loans from the Issuer (as lender) to any of its Subsidiaries (as borrower) and, if permitted under the Senior Facilities, any intercompany loans from any Subsidiary (as lender) to any Group Company (as borrower).

"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.

"Interest Payment Date" means 15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October each year

and the Maturity Date. The first Interest Payment Date is 15 April 2013. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 15 January 2013.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (on a consolidated basis), free of any encumbrance.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Fearnley Securities AS, Grev Wedels Plass 9, N-0107 Oslo, Norway.
"Margin" means 10% (ten per cent) per annum.
"M arket Value" means the aggregate fair market value of the Group's Vessels. The valuations shall be conducted without physical inspection at the Issuer's expense by two Approved Shipbrokers, and shall be made on the basis of a voluntary sale between willing buyer and willing seller, free of any charter or Employment Contract. The valuation shall be dated no earlier than 30 days prior to the relevant Quarter Date, and shall indicate the Vessels' value per same date for all vessels, and such valuation shall be made available to the Trustee semi-annually on each relevant Reporting Date (being 30 June and 31 December). The aggregate value shall be the arithmetic mean of the two valuations.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 15 January 2016. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Cost" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).
"New Equity" means the issuance of new shares in the Issuer with net proceeds of minimum NOK 180.5 million for the purpose of equity injection (through the Subsidiary Vestland Offshore AS) in the Vestland PSV AS for part funding of the acquisition of the two new buildings, M/V "Vestland Cetus" and M/V "Vestland Insula" consisting of
c--\ .

(i) the cash amount of NOK 48,5 million (the "New Cash Equity");
(ii) the contribution in-kind of the vessel M/V "Vestland Cetus" in the amount of NOK 66 million (the "New Cetus Equity") and
(iii) the contribution in-kind of the vessel M/V "Vestland Insula" in the amount of NOK 66 million (the "New Insula Equity").
"New Vessels" means any new vessel acquired by a Group Company other than the Existing PSVs (each a "New Vessel").
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NDBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a parly to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Pre-Disbursement Security Interests" means the Escrow Account Pledge.
"Post-Disbursement Security Interests" means;
a) the Intercompany Loan Pledge.
b) the Retention Account Pledge.
c) the Share Pledge.
d) the Shareholder Guarantees.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Retention Account" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 6.6.
"Retention Account Funding" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 2.4.

"Retention Account Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge over the Retention Account (according to Norwegian law).

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person dr any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents (including any notice, acknowledgement, and other ancillary documentation relating thereto) evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means the Pre-Disbursement Security Interests and the Post Disbursement Security Interests.

"Senior Facilities" or "Senior Facility" means the existing and (which shall not exceed MNOK 820 and any future senior secured bank facility obtained by Vestland PSV AS (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such bank facilities) obtained to finance the Existing PSVs or any of them (and any refinancing, amendments, restatements or replacements thereof provided that no such refinancing, amendment, restatement or replacement shall imply an earlier maturity date than the refinanced, amended, restated or replaced facility).

"Senior Facilities Cap" means the maximum principal amount (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such facilities) to which the Senior Facilities for the Existing PSVs shall be limited, to be tested at the end of each annual quarter and reported to the Trustee in the form of a compliance certificate to be delivered no later than 15 days after the last day of each relevant financial quarter, as follows:

Senior Facilities Cap

From (and including) To (and including) Maximum amount (in NOK)

01-Jan-2013

31-Mar-2013

820 000 000

01-Apr-2013

30-Jun-2013

815 000 000

01-Jul-2013

30-Sep-2013

800 000000

01-0ct-2013

31-Dec-2013

790 000 000

01-Jan-2014

31-Mar-2014

775 000 000

01-Apr-2014

30-Jun-2014

760 000 000

01-Jul-2014

30-Sep-2Q14

745 000 000

01-0ct-2014

31-Dec-2014

735 000 000

01-Jan-2015

31-Mar-2015

720 000 000

01-Apr-2015

30-Jun-2015

705 000 000

9

Ol-Jul-2015 Ol-Oct-2015 01-Jan-2016

30-Sep-2015 31-Dec-2015 Maturity Date

690 000 000 675 000 000 665 000 000

"Settlement" means issuance of the Bonds and transfer of the net proceeds of the Bond issue to the Escrow Account.
"Share Pledge" means a 1st priority share pledge granted by Vestland Offshore Invest AS over all of the shares (100%) in Vestland Offshore AS.
"Shareholder Guarantees" means a guarantee issued by each of the Shareholder Guarantors by which each of the .Shareholder Guarantors irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as for its own debt (No: selvskyldnerkausjori), on a pro-rata basis according to their respective shareholding in the Issuer as of the Issue Date, the payment by the Issuer of all interest payments (including any default interest thereon) to the extent such interest payments are not covered by the amount from time to time standing to the credit on the Retention Account. The guarantee obligation of each of the Shareholder Guarantors shall be senior obligations of such Shareholder Guarantors.
"Shareholder Guarantors" means Solhaug AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 977 279 038), CINUS AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 871 236 372), Havyard Ship Invest AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 896 533 622), Ocean Europe AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No.992 833 394), Torgard AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 993 448 389) and Hufthammer Finans AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 993 448 060), being the main shareholders of the Issuer as of the date hereof.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which the Issuer has a Decisive Influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) an agreement, understanding or other'arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of the Issuer if the Issuer owns such number of shares or ownership interests therein so as to represent the majority (more than 50 %) of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).
"Total Interest-Bearing Debt" means the book value of the Group's total Interest Bearing Debt in accordance with GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer).
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Vessel" means an Existing PSV or New Vessel
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

to

"Working Capital" means Current Assets less Current Liabilities.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company,

corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust,

joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal

personality).

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.2 Availability This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.3 The Bonds

(a)

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of

NOK 150,000,000 (Norwegian kroner one hundred and fifty million).

(b)

The Face Value is NOK 1,000,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between

themselves.

(c)

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Vestland Offshore Invest AS

Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016".

(d)

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0669971.

(e)

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity

lx.

u

0)

N^-

Date.
2.4 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds from the Bond issue shall be used to fund the Retention Account with NOK 36,660,000 (the "Retention Account Funding") and for equity injection (through the Subsidiary Vestland Offshore AS) in Vestland PSV AS for applications as set out below:
(i) the amount of NOK 50,000,000 as part funding of the acquisition of the new building M/V "Vestland Cetus" (the "Cetus Financing"),
(ii) the amount of NOK 50,000,000 as part funding of the acquisition of the new building M/V "Vestland Insula" (the "Insula Financing"), and
(ill) the amount of NOK 13,340,000 for general corporate purposes (the "Corporate Financing").
2.5 Disbursement The net proceeds from the Bond Issue may be disbursed from the Escrow Account and released to the Issuer in one tranche, or in two tranches as follows
(i) the Cetus Financing and, if not already released, the Retention Account Funding and, if requested by the Issuer and not already released, the Corporate Financing, (the "Cetus Tranche"); and
(ii) the Insula Financing and, if not already released, the Retention Account Funding and, if requested by the Issuer and not already released, the Corporate Financing, (the "Insula Tranche").
The tranches set out in (i) and (ii) above may be released in any order.
3 LISTING (a) The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").
(b) If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 4.1 Registration
The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 Notifications The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
12

4.3 US Securities Act The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Conditions Precedent to Settlement Settlement will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

Confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Default Exists;

(b) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(c)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Shareholder Guarantors (and any necessary consent or waivers (as the case may be)) to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(e)

a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Shareholder Guarantors to relevant

individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts

from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals'

authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(f)

in respect of the Issuer and the Shareholder Guarantors, up-to-date extracts from

the trade register, the deeds of incorporation and the articles of association;

(g) audited financial statements/reports for 2011 (annual) and interim financial reports for the third quarter 2012 for the Issuer (on an unconsolidated/consolidated basis);

(h) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(i)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

0)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Depository;

(k) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required and in form an substance

satisfactory by the Bond Trustee; and

(m) establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

6.2 Conditions Precedent to Disbursement Disbursement will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

For both tranches:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b) Confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Default Exists;

(c)

written confirmation that the amount to be released shall be applied in

accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

(d) Evidence that Vestland PSV AS has entered into a final and binding time charter with Statoil ASA with a fixed duration of 12 months commencing no later than 15 December 2012for the employment of the vessel M/V "Vestland Mistral";

(e) documentation evidencing that the New Cash Equity (as defined below) has been fully paid up in the Issuer;

(D

the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any

necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the

establishment and perfection of the Security; and

(g) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required and in a form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

For the Cetus tranche:

(h) a Copy of the Senior Facility obtained to finance the vessel M/V "Vestland Cetus" and satisfactory evidence that all conditions precedent under such Senior Facility have been fulfilled or waived by the lenders;

(i)

Evidence that Vestland PSV AS has entered into a final and binding time

charter with Maersk Oil North Sea UK Limited with a fixed duration of 3 years

commencing no later than June 2013for the employment of the vessel M/V

"Vestland Cetus";

(j)

documentation evidencing that the New Cetus Equity has been fully settled in

the Issuer according to a pre - approved closing procedure to be agreed; and

14

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required and in a form and substance satisfactory to the. Trustee.

For the Insula tranche:

(l)

a copy of the Senior Facility obtained to finance the vessel M/V "Vestland

Insula" and satisfactory evidence that all conditions precedent under such

Senior Facility have been fulfilled or waived by the lenders;

(m) evidence that Vestland PSV AS has entered into a final and binding charter party with Golden Energy Offshore Group Chartering AS with a fixed duration of 5 years commencing by delivery of the vessel M/V "Vestland Insula" for the employment of M/V "Vestland Insula";

(n) evidence of a charter hire deposit equal to four months charter hire having been received by Vestland PSV AS under a bam boat charter of M/V Vestland Insula;

(o) documentation evidencing that the New Insula Equity has been fully settled in the Issuer according to a pre - approved closing procedure to be agreed; and

(p) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required and in a form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

6.3 Waivers The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1 and 6.2.

6.4 Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent Settlement and Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.5 Transfer / Release On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

On Disbursement, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4 and subject further to the Retention Account Funding is earned out in accordance with Clause 6.6, the Cetus Financing or the Insula Financing (as the case may be) may be made available to the Issuer from the Escrow Account.

6.6 Retention Account The Issuer shall in connection with the first Disbursement from the Escrow Account deposit the Retention Account Funding in a retention account (the "Retention Account") from which interest on the Bonds may be paid (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) provided that the Issuer shall procure that an amount corresponding to minimum 6 months' interest on the Bonds shall at all times be deposited in the Retention Account. The Retention Account shall be pledged and blocked in favor of the Trustee,

15

and shall only be used to serve the Bonds.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:

(a)

any law or regulation or judicial or official order;

(b) its constitutional documents; or

(c)

any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets,

7.5 No Event of Default

(a)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or

any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default oxtermination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

16

(a)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

7.8 Financial Statements Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts as of 30 September 2012 fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to
_ which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.14 Repetition The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of tills Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each Disbursement date from the Escrow Account.

8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 8.1 Status

17

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 Security The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall

(i) prior to Disbursement of the full amount of the net proceeds from the Bond issue, be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security Interests, and

(ii) after Disbursement of any tranche of the net proceeds from the Bond issue, be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security Interests and the Post Disbursement Security Interests.

9. INTEREST
9.1 Interest rate The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2 Interest Payment Dates Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in April 2013.

9.3 Calculation of interest payments (a) The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

(b) The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

(c) The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Face Value

Floating Rate

Floating Rate Day Count Fraction

18

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 M aturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option

(a)

The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part at any time (Call

Option) with settlement date at any time from and including the date falling 2

years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at 103% of

par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

(b) Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

(c)

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the

procedures of the Securities Depository).

(d) On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

(e) Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of control

(a)

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have

the right to require that the Issuer redeems 100% of its Bonds (a "Put Option")

at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest until settlement date of the Put

Option,

(b) The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

(c) The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request, The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

(d) On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3(a)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

19

10.4 M andatory Redemption - sale of Existing PSVs/cessation to own shares

(a)

If one of the Existing PSVs is sold or disposed of, the Issuer shall redeem 30%

of the Bonds at a price as set out in (c) (i) and (ii) below.

(b)

If (2) two or more of the Existing PSVs are sold or disposed of, or (2) the Issuer

cease to own 100 % of the shares issued by Vestland Offshore AS directly and

100 % of the shares issued by Vestland PSV AS indirectly, the Issuer shall

redeem 100% of the Bonds at a price as set out in (c) (i) and (ii) below.

(c)

If such sale, disposal or cessation to own shares

(i) takes place between the Issue Date and (including) the Interest Payment Date in January 2015, the price shall be 110% of par plus accrued interest until settlement date of the redemption; and

(ii) takes place after the Interest Payment Date in January 2015, the price shall be 103% of par plus accrued interest until settlement date of the redemption.

(d)

The settlement date of the redemption shall be the date falling twenty Business

Days after the event triggering the redemption.

(e)

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the

procedures of the Securities Depository).

(0

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.4Feil! Fant

ikke referansekilden. shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.5 M andatory redemption - Funds not Disbursed

(a)

If and to the extent the entire part of net proceeds from the Bond issue has not

been disbursed from the Escrow Account to the Issuer within 31 March 2013,

the Issuer shall redeem an amount of the Bonds equal to the remaining balance

on the Escrow Account at a price of 101 % of par plus accrued interest until

settlement date of the redemption. The remaining balance on the Escrow

Account may be used in connection with such redemption.

(b) The settlement date of the redemption shall be the third Business Day after 31 March 2013.

(c)

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the

procedures of the Securities Depository).

(d)

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.5Feil! Fant

ikke referansekilden. shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11. PAYMENTS

11,1 Covenant to pay

(a)

The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any

Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee

all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

(b) The covenant contained in Clause 11.1 (a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

(a)

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1 (a), the

Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement

or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by

each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities

Depositoiy.

(b) Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.3 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

(d) Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1 (a).

11.3 Currency (a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3(a) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Depository.

(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

21

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

(a)

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance

Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear

interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate

according to Clause 9 plus five per cent, per annum.

(b) The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

(c)

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made,

whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to

Clauses 15.1 - 15.9, cf. Clause 15.10.

11.6 Partial payments If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order;

(a)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under

the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any

kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond

Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS
13.1 General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing

of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer

understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any

other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the

Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or

operations, or change the nature of its business;

22

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than

150 days after the end of the financial year;

(d)

without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than

60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with

mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business,

assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.3 Compliance Certificate The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under paragraphs (c) and (d) above confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.4 Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any OtherFinance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.5 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

23

13.6 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.7 Continuation of business

(a)

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business.

(b) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the corporate structure, general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

13.8 Disposal of business

(a)

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, sell or

otherwise dispose of all or a substantial pari of its or the Group's material

assets, Subsidiaries (shares) or operations to any person not being a member of

the Group, unless

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Any disposals of business/assets will be subject to Mandatory Redemption according to Clause 10.4.

13.9 Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

13.10 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.11 Amendment of constitutional documents The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will, amend its constitutional documents in such a way that it would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.12 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

24

13.13 Insurances The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with pmdent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction including, but not limited to, insurance for all the Vessels in accordance with the requirements of the Senior Facilities.
13.14 Covenants on the Vessels With respect to the Vessels, the Issuer shall (i) maintain insurances in accordance with Clause 13.13, (ii) not sell of either of the Existing PSVs unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance Clause 10.4, (iii) maintain the classification of the Vessels and allow the Bond Trustee or anyone appointed by the Bond Trustee to inspect the Vessels if requested; (iv) maintain flag, name and registry of the Vessels; (v) keep the Vessels in a good and safe condition and state of repair, consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards; and (vi) operate the Vessels in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
13.15 Negative Pledge The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
a) the Bond Issue;
b) the Senior Facilities;
c) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy;
d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Group with the relevant bank in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances on bank accounts of any of the relevant members of the Group;
e) obligations incurred by any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary);
f) any indebtedness incurred related to repair of damage or replacements being covered under insurance;
g) any guarantee or recourse liability incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution or end-user of a Vessel in respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution or directly by the relevant Group Company to such end-user as security for the performance of the Vessel(s) or for any tenders for employment of such Vessel(s);

h) any Hen arising by operation of law; and
i) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (a) through (h) above) that in total do not exceed NOIC 25 million for the Group in aggregate at any given time,
provided that security provided in connection with a refinancing of the Bonds where security must be provided for technical reasons before the Bonds have been redeemed shall be permitted.
13.16 Financial Indebtedness restrictions The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than:
a) the Bond Issue;
b) the Senior Facilities, always provided that the Senior Facilities obtained to finance Existing PSVs or secured by Existing PSVs shall not exceed the Senior Facilities Cap;
c) any subordinated loans within the Group;
d) under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;
e) loans to the Issuer that are subordinated both in terms of payment of interest and repayment and that mature after the Bonds;
f) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services);
g) any indebtedness incurred related to repair of damage or replacements being covered under insurance;
h) any guarantee or recourse liability incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution or end-user of a Vessel in respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution or directly by the relevant Group Company to such end-user as security for the performance of the Vessel(s) or for any tenders for employment of such Vessel(s);
i) any Financial Support permitted pursuant to paragraph 13.17 (ix) (Financial Support restrictions) below; and
j) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by a) through i) above) that in total do not exceed NOK 25 million for the Group in aggregate.
13.17 Financial Support Restriction The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary will, grant or permit to subsist any loans, make any investment or contribution, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any Group Company or any third party (not being a
26

member of the Group), other than:

a) in the ordinary course of its business,

b) in respect of the Bond issue;

c) any subordinated loans within the Group; and

d) any Financial Support made by a Subsidiary (only) in respect of the Senior Facilities.

13.18 Dividend Restrictions The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares, provide loans or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer and repayment of shareholders loans), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders.

13.19 Subsidiaries' Distribution Except to the extent such contractual obligations may follow from the Senior Facilities and provided that no Senior Facility entered into in the future shall contain contractual obligations imposing any stricter obligations on a Group Company in this respect than contained in the Senior Facilities already entered into, the Issuer shall not permit any Group Company to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Group Company to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) service any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, or (iii) make any loans to the Issuer, if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.

13.20 Financial Covenants The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond Issue:

(a)

Minimum Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity

of minimum the greater of (i) NOK 50 million and (ii) 5% of Total Interest

Bearing Debt;

(b) Minimum Working Capital: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a positive Working Capital;

(c)

Interest Coverage Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an

Interest Coverage Ratio equal to or higher than 1.8:1 for the financial quarters Q2

2013, Q3 2013, Q4 2013 and Q1 2014 on a quarterly basis. From and including

Q2 2014 this covenant shall be based on a 12 months trailing basis and be equal or

higher than 2.0:1. For Q1 2013 this covenant shall not be calculated. If the

calculated EBITDA for the Group is not sufficient to meet this covenant, the

Issuer and/or any Group Company shall be entitled to provide cash security for the

Bond Issue in an amount equal to the difference between the reported EBITDA and

the EBITDA that would have been needed to be in compliance with this covenant.

The cash security shall be in place until the Groups EBITDA is again sufficient to meet the covenant at which point the cash security shall be released;
(d) Equity Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 30.0%;
(e) Asset Coverage Ratio; The Issuer shall ensure that the aggregate Market Value of the Group's Vessels is at least 125% of the Total Interest-Bearing Debt of the Group. If the aggregate Market Value of the Group's Vessels is not sufficient to meet this covenant, the Issuer and/or any Group Company shall be entitled to provide cash security for the Bond Issue in an amount equal to the difference between the reported Market Value of the Group's Vessels and Market Value of the Group's Vessels that would have been needed to be in compliance with this covenant again become compliant. The cash security shall be in place until the aggregate Market Value of the Group's Vessels is again sufficient to meet the covenant at which point the cash security shall be released; and
the Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer in a Compliance Certificate as set out in Clause 13.3 with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the respective Reporting Date. However, (e) above shall only be measured semi-annually from and including the Quarter Date 30 June 2013. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the lifetime of the Bonds.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 Expenses The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person), irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, set-off cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 Fee Agreement The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Tiustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Payment deficiency Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders
28

hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and enforcement of any Security.
14.4 Public fees Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 Withholding tax

(a)

The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by

applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

(b) If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(i) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(ii) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

(c)

If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law

after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all

but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be

notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at

least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15. EVENTS OE DEFAULT
The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

15.1 Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

15.2 Breach of other obligations The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 15 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.3 Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(a)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(b)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described);

(c)

any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a

creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(d)

any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described);

(e)

any Employment Contract is terminated prior to its specified maturity as a result

of an event of default (however described) of a Group Company,

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above of a total of NOK 15 million in each case or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

15.4 Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.5 Insolvency

(a)

A Group Company, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due,

suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of

its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(b) The value of the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(c)

A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the

Group.

15.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(a)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganisation;

30

(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

(d) a resolution is taken in order for it to be dissolved,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction,

15.7 Creditors' process Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

15.8 Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.9 Material Adverse Change Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.10 Breach by charterers under Employment Contracts Any (i) unremedied default by any charterer under an Employment Contract for the Existing PSVs, or (ii) insolvency proceeding as set out in Clause 15.6 is taken for any charterer under an Employment Contract for the Existing PSVs or for any such charterer's parent company (for so long as the same is a guarantor of any charterer's obligations under the Employment Contract).

15.11 Acceleration

(a)

hi the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 15.1 -

15.9 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the

interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued

interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

(b) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 15.1 15.9 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

31

(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
(c) In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clause 15.11(a) or (b) declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 provided the Event of Default occurs prior to the Interest Payment Date falling two years after the Issue Date.
16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.
16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee,
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
(c) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten
32

Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

(d) The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

(e)

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond

Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those

requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the

main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the

number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until

the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

(g) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

(h) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

(i)

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the

numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting,

the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes

shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the

Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee

and shall be available to the Bondholders.

(j)

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -

representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders'

Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless

the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a

representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an

advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the

Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

(k)

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may

not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under

the voting.

33

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

(a)

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each

Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the

Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the

Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other

evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall

adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's

Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

(b) For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

(c)

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to

demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the

deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

(d) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be

.

represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2)

of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held

and voting completed.

(e) Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3(f).

(f)

A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'

Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond

Agreement.

(g) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

(h) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to cany out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

(i)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions

passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting (a) If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3(d), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

34

(b) A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

(a)

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations

under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are

relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely

and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the

Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer),

arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the

measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not

obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set

out in this Bond Agreement.

(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting, The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1(c) provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1 (c) and (d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

35

Bondholders.

(g)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions

made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously

is unnecessary.

(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.2(e).

(i)

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several

bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional

parties.

(j)

The Bond Trustee may instinct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower

denomination in order to facilitate partly redemptions or restructuring of the

Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

(a)

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the

Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee

in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such

liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.3. The Bond

Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders

on behalf of the Issuer.

(b) The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

(c)

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the

Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause

15.11(b)(i) or 16.2(a)(ii), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any

possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders

who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision

to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put

forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond

Tiustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond Trustee (a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Tiustee is elected.

(b)

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer

36

pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

(c)

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee

receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the

documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out

under the terms of this Bond Agreement,

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

(a)

The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

(b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

(c)

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the

Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security

Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the

Bond Trustee.

(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

(e)

Any changes to tills Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection

with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment

to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

(f)

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be

amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the

relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in

connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the

account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or

37

other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in

the Securities Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning

that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community,

18,2 Defeasance

(a)

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations

discharged (see Clause 18.2(b)) upon complying with the following conditions

("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(i) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(iii) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(iv) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other

38

creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(v) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of tire jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

(b) Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2(a);

(i) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2(a), 13.2(e), 13.2(h), 13.2(i) and 13.2Q) or otherwise agreed;

(ii) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(iii) any Shareholder Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Shareholder Guarantee(s), and the Shareholder Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(iv) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(v) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (i) - (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

(c)

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge

shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this

Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them

under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

39

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Tiustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

(a)

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from

the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation

to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly

stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond

Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully

discharged.

(b)

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under

this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes

of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository,

18.5 Amendments All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

(a)

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond

Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and

the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at

Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given

or made as follows:

(i) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(ii) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

(b)

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond

Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond

Trustee and the Exchange.

(c)

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications

under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee

and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax. Any

such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows;

(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and

40

(iii) if by fax, when received.

(d) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

(e)

When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following

shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue (a) This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
(c) This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.
*****

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

For and behalf of Vestland Offshore Invest AS as Issuer

For and behalf of NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Bond Trustee

Title
42

Attachm ent X

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

Man]

Dear Sirs,

VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2016 - ISIN 001IX

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period Ili'i-MI )P|.

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2. the covenants set out in Clauses 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.20

a) the Liquidity is as of [date] XX;

b) the Working Capital is as of [date] XX;

c) the Interest Coverage Ratio is as of [date] XX;

d) the Equity Ratio is as of [date] XX; and

e) the Asset Coverage Ratio is as of [date] XX,

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS

43

Name of authorized person Enclosure: |i.i>p> >1 \ w i i t r n .! n . u i i n - i H . i i i > m [
44

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Attachm ent 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail @trustee.no
Dear Sirs, VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2016 - ISIN 001IX We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms are used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that:
(a) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur; and
(b) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully, VESTLAND OFFSHORE INVEST AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

45

v

