Execution version
NOK Tranche: ISIN NO 001 0714512 USD Tranche: ISIN NO 001 0801442
SECOND AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT relating to
BOND AGREEMENT between EXMAR NV
(Parent and Guarantor) EXMAR NETHERLANDS BV
(Issuer) and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
THE BONDHOLDERS
in the bond issue FRN EXMAR NV SENIOR UNSECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2017

3352989

f

\J

Nordic Trustee ASA

This second amendment and restatement agreement (the "Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement") of the Original Bond Agreement (as defined below) is dated 14 July 2017 and is entered into between:

(1)

EXMAR NV, a company existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium with registration

number 0860 409 202, as parent and guarantor (the "Parent" and the "Guarantor");

(2)

EXMAR NETHERLANDS BV, a company existing under the laws of the Netherlands with registration

number NOL 852271517, as the issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(3)

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963

342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

WHEREAS

(A)

The Parent (as issuer and later as guarantor) and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)

entered into a bond agreement originally dated 4 July 2014 and later amended and restated by an

amendment and restatement agreement dated 29 September 2014, identified as "FRN EXMAR NV

Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2017" with ISIN 0010714512 (the "Original Bond Agreement").

(B)

The Issuer and the Parent has requested to make certain amendments to the Original Bond

Agreement. In the summons to a bondholders meeting issued by the Issuer and the Parent on 13

June 2017 (the "Summons") the Parent and the Issuer, among other changes, proposed to extend

the final maturity date, increase the margin, include of a call option and an opportunity for the

Issuer to offer the Bondholders to exchange from Bonds denominated in NOK to Bonds

denominated in USD.

(C)

A bondholders meeting was held on 27 June 2017 and those certain changes to the Original Bond

Agreement were approved by the Bondholders. This Second Amendment and Restatement

Agreement sets out the agreed amended terms and conditions thereof.

1

Interpretation

1.1. Definitions In this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the Original Bond Agreement as amended by this Agreement, the terms of which are set out in Schedule 1 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).
"Effective Date" means:
(a) the date on which the Bond Trustee confirms to the Parent and the Issuer that it has received each of the documents listed in Clause 3 (Conditions Precedent) herein, in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; or
(b) such other date as the Parent, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee may agree; and

2

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) in each case provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the occurrence of the Effective Date.

1.2. Incorporation of defined terms Unless a contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Original Bond Agreement and/or the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement (as applicable) has the same meaning in this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement. The principles of construction set out in the Original Bond Agreement shall have effect as if set out in this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement.

2

Amendment and Restatement

With effect from the Effective Date the Original Bond Agreement shall be amended and restated as set out in Schedule 1 (Amended and Restated Bond Agreement).

3

Conditions precedent

The obligations of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement are subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions from each of the Parent and the Issuer to enter into this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement and other relevant Finance Documents to which they respectively are a party and to approve the transactions contemplated by such Finance Documents;
(c) if not included in the resolutions referred to in sub-paragraph (b) above, a power of attorney from each of the Parent and the Issuer to relevant individual(s) for his/their execution of the relevant Finance Documents (as defined in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement), or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals' authorization to sign on behalf of each of the Parent and the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation, Registration Certificate or other similar official document from each of the Parent and the Issuer evidencing that it is validly existing, and (ii) Articles of Association or by-laws from each of the Parent and the Issuer;
(e) the Bond Trustee fee agreement for the USD Bonds set out in Clause 15.2 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement, duly executed;
(f) all legal opinions required by the Bond Trustee (if any) in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee in respect of the Parent and the Issuer regarding corporate existence, execution of Finance Documents and any other matter reasonable requested by the Bond Trustee; and
(g) evidence that all due and payable fees and costs to the Bond Trustee have been paid.

3

Nordic Trustee ASA
Representations and Warranties
All representations and warranties made by the Parent under clause 7.1 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall be deemed to have been repeated on the Effective Date.
The Issuer makes all representations and warranties under clause 7.1 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement on the Effective Date.
Continuity and further assurance
Continuing obligations The provisions of the Finance Documents shall, save as amended by this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement, continue in full force and effect.
No repetition of activities Save as otherwise expressly stated in this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement, no conditions precedent under the Bond Agreement already satisfied by the Parent or the Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Original Bond Agreement before the Effective Date shall be repeated by the Parent or the Issuer on the Effective Date.
Further assurance Each of the Parent and the Issuer shall, at the request of the Bond Trustee and at its own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant to this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
Finance Document
This Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement shall constitute a Finance Document for the purpose of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.
Fees and expenses
The Parent shall promptly on demand pay to the Bond Trustee the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the negotiations, preparation and execution of this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement and any other documents or matters related to or directly arising out of or in connection with this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection herewith between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Parent and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Parent and/or the Issuer, shall be resolved as set out in Clause 19.7 in the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement.

*****

Nordic Trustee ASA

5

Nordic Trustee ASA
SIGNATURE PAGE This Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement has been executed in three (3) originals, of which the Parent, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

By: Position:

Attomey-at-Law

6

AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT

Nordic Trustee ASA
SCHEDULE 1

Schedule 1 NOK Tranche: ISIN NO 001 0714512 USD Tranche: ISIN NO 001 0801442
AMENDED AND RESTATED BOND AGREEMENT
between
EXMAR NETHERLANDS BV as Issuer
EXMAR NV as Parent and Guarantor
and NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA
as Bond Trustee on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN EXMAR Netherlands BV Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2017
originally dated 4 July 2014 and as later amended on 29 September 2014 and 14 July 2017

CONTENTS 1 INTERPRETATION........................................................................................................................................3 2 THE BONDS............................................................................................................................................... 11 3 LISTING...................................................................................................................................................... 12 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY......................................................................................12 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.....................................................................................................13 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.........................................................................................................................13 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................................................................................14 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY....................................................................................................16 9 INTEREST...................................................................................................................................................17 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION........................................................................................17 11 PAYMENTS................................................................................................................................................19 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS............................................................................................................21 13 GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY..................................................................................................................21 14 COVENANTS..............................................................................................................................................22 15 FEES AND EXPENSES.................................................................................................................................27 16 EVENTS OF DEFAULT.................................................................................................................................28 17 BONDHOLDERS'MEETING........................................................................................................................30 18 THE BOND TRUSTEE..................................................................................................................................32 19 MISCELLANEOUS.......................................................................................................................................34
Attachment
1. Compliance Certificate

This agreement has been entered into on 4 July 2014, and later amended on 29 September 2014 and 14 July 2017, between:
1. EXMAR Netherlands BV, a company existing under the laws of the Netherland s with registration number NOL 852271517, as issuer (the "Issuer");
2. EXMAR NV, a company existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium with registration number 0860 409 202, as parent and guarantor (the "Parent" and/or the "Guarantor"); and
3. NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1 INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Amendment Effective Date" means the date the Second Amendment and Restatment Agreement is effective, as set out in the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR for the NOK Tranche and three months LIBOR for the USD Tranche.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 17.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, being the NOK Bonds and the USD Bonds.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo, London and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Interest Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (modified following Business Day Convention).
Buy-Back Offer" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 14.13(a)(ii)

"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Redemption - Call Option).

"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.

"Caribbean FLNG" means the FLNG barge with IMO 9699945.

"Change of Control Event" means if:

(i)

any person or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence, or two or more persons acting in

concert (other than the Saverex NV or any indirectly or directly owned Subsidiary of the Saverex NV)

obtains Decisive Influence over the Parent; or

(ii) a de-listing of the Parent's shares from NYSE Euronext Brussels (or any other recognized stock exchange} occurs.

"Current Assets" means the book value of the Group's assets which are treated as current assets in accordance with IFRS less the book value of any Restricted Cash.

"Current Liabilities" means the book value of the Group's liabilities which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with IFRS, excluding the current portion of long term debt.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights or right to elect and remove members of the board of directors in the other person, rights in the other person held directly or indirectly by the parent company of the relevant person shall be included.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2.

"Distributions" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 14.12(c).

"EBITDA" means the Group's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).

"Equity" means the book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS.

"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.

"EUR" means the currency of the Participating Member States.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clauses 16.1-16.9.

"Exchange" means Oslo Stock Exchange (Nw: Oslo Børs) where the Issuer has applied or shall apply for listing of the Bonds.

Exchange Offer" has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.3(a). "Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.3(b). "Final Maturity Date" means 7 July 2019. "Finance Documents" means (a) this Bond Agreement;

(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 15.2; and

(c) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee designate as a Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

a)

moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance

with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);

e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under

IFRS;

f)

any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily

as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;

g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from

fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or

collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market

value shall be taken into account);

h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or

raising of money (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);

i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or

documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in

respect of any underlying liability; and

j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any

person in respect of any of the items referred to above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual and semi-annual financial statements of each Obligor for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.

Financial Support" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 14.12 (h).

"Free Cash" means the Group's book value of the holdings which at all times are available for the Parent of any:
(i) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts, excluding pledged and/or blocked cash and cash equivalents;
(ii) time deposits and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange; and
(iii) undrawn credit lines with minimum six months to maturity,
in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which the Parent has free and unrestricted access.
"General Partner" means the general partner of a MLP and which manages and controls the operations and activities of such MLP.
"Group" means the Parent and all its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (Nw: selvskyldnerkausjon) from the Guarantor, pursuant to Clause 13.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and refers to the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
"Interest Payment Date" means 7 January, 7 April, 7 July and 7 October each year and the Final Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of each Obligor for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number-the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 7 July 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by any of the Obligors, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over an Obligor or any person or persons over whom an Obligor has Decisive Influence.
"Junior Capital" means (i) new equity capital in the Parent, registered as equity capital as per local company law, (ii) Subordinated Loans or (iii) increased equity by way of sale of non-core assets above book value; in each case the proceeds thereunder received in cash by the Parent.
"JV Company" means any current and/or future company or partnership in which the Parent (directly or indirectly) holds an ownership interest incorporated or established for the purpose of directly or indirectly owning, developing and/or constructing any maritime operating vessel or any other operation which is substantially within the business that the Group is conducting at the date of this Bond Agreement, and which is not a Subsidiary of the Parent.

"LIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen LIBOROl Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Interest Quotation Day and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period, or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of commercial banks on the interbank market in New York City or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer is equal to what is offered to commercial banks in the New York city interbank market, for the relevant Interest Period. If any such rate is below zero, LIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0021 Oslo, Norway and Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gate 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment" means a mandatory prepayment made as a result of a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring pursuant to Clause 10.4.
"Mandatory Prepayment Date" means the date of a Mandatory Prepayment.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if the Group enters into a binding agreement to directly or indirectly sell or otherwise dispose of the Caribbean FLNG (wholy or partly).
"Margin" means the NOK Margin for the NOK Tranche and the USD Margin for the USD Tranche.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Parent and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Material Adverse Effect includes, without limitation, any material adverse effect on the Parent or the Group taken as a whole, as a result of any material adverse effect in any JV Company.
"MLP" means any future "master limited partnership" whose limited partnership shares are traded on a regulated market place or a securities exchange established by a sponsor and which is managed and controlled by a General Partner with a number of limited partners as investors in which the profit is paid to the limited partners based on "available cash" with an aim of maximizing the MLP's distributions, but so that the actual distributions are based on the General Partner's discretion.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" or "NIBD" means on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate consolidated interest bearing Financial Indebtedness less Free Cash.
"Net Interest Expense" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest-bearing debt less the aggregate gross cash interest income of the Group, including dividend received from financial assets held for sale (according to IFRS) (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Oslo Børs1webpage (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.15 (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered

by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

"NOK Bonds" means the Bonds denominated in NOK.

"NOK Margin" means 8.00 per cent (8.00%) per annum.

"NOK Tranche" means the aggregate amount outstanding under the NOK Bonds.

"Obligors" means the Issuer and the Parent, each an Obligor.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has EUR as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to the Economic and Monetary Union.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means DNB Bank ASA.

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:

a)

the Bond Issue;

b) existing secured or unsecured Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks and/or export credit agencies incurred by the Issuer or any Group Company prior to the date of this Bond Agreement for the purpose of financing existing vessels or assets;

c)

future senior secured Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks and/or export credit

agencies incurred by any Group Company on marketable terms and conditions with the purpose of

financing the acquisition of new vessels or assets (newbuildings and/or second-hand vessels) (or

acquisition of shares in entities owning one or more newbuildings or second-hand vessels or assets);

d)

future senior secured (on first priority) bonds incurred by the Issuer og any Group Company on

marketable terms and conditions with the purpose of financing the acquisition of new vessels or

assets (newbuildings and/or second-hand vessels) (or acquisition of shares in enitities owning one or

more bewbuildings or second-hand vessels or assets);

e)

arm's length sale and lease-back transactions;

f)

any unsecured bonds issued by the Issuer or the Parent with (i) no amortization and with maturity

after the Final Maturity Date of the Bonds, (ii) terms not materially more favourable than the Bonds,

and (iii) without any Financial Support from any other Group Company (save for any parent

guarantee from the Parent similar to the Guarantee);

g)

Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business for

working capital purposes and as part of the daily operations of such Group Company, hereunder any

cash pooling arrangements within the Group in the ordinary course of business;

h)

existing and future bid-, payment- and performance bonds, guarantees and letters of credit incurred

by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business;

i)

obligations incurred by any Group Company under any interest rate and currency hedging

agreements relating to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

j)

unsecured intra-group loans between any Group Companies;

k)

Subordinated Loans to the Parent;

l)

any bridge facility with a tenor of minimum 18 months of up to USD 30 million;

m) any Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and incurred by the Group in an aggregate outstanding principal amount which does not at any time exceed USD 10 million (or its equivalent in other currencies); and

n)

any refinancing, amendment or replacement of any of the above from time to time, however always

subject to the financial covenants set out in Clause 14.13.

"Permitted Security" means:

(a) Security granted in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness paragraphs (b), (c), (d), (e), (i) and (I) above;

(b) Security provided by way of a pledge of shares or ownership interests in any Subsidiary and/or JV Company as security for customary financing of such Subsidiary or JV Company's investments in vessels or other assets;

(c) any Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business;

(d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of any Group Companies (if applicable);

(e) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to any Group Company in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any such Group Company; and

(f) Security in an aggregate amount of up to USD 10 million not otherwise permitted above.

"Proportional Consolidation" means the pro-forma consolidation of any JV Company as if such JV Company was a Subsidiary of the Parent but adjusted for any ownership interest not directly or Indirectly held by the Parent, such consolidation to include an auditor's opinion for annual and semi-annual accounts.

"Put Option" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2.

"Qualifying Contract" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 14.12(c).

"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the date for repayment in relation to a Buy-Back Offer, a Mandatory Prepayment Date and the Final Maturity Date.

Restricted Cash" means cash which is pledged and/or blocked. "Saverex NV" means Saverex NV, a company existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Belgium with registration number 0436.287.291. "Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement" means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 7 July 2017 (whereby this Bond Agreement forms an integral part as Schedule 1 (Form of Amended and Restated Bond Agreement). "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2. "Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway. "Spot Rate of Exchange" means the spot rate of exchange from NOK to USD as published by Norges Bank on www.norgesbank.no at such date as will be specified in an Exchange Offer. "Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee. "Subordinated Loan" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.12(i). "Subsidiary" means an entity over which the Parent directly or indirectly has a Decisive Influence. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "USD Bonds" means the Bonds denominated in USD. "USD Margin" means 8.50 per cent (8.50%) per annum. "USD Tranche" means the aggregate amount outstanding under the USD Bonds. "Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after the Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.5. "Total Assets" means the book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds. "Working Capital" means Current Assets less Current Liabilities.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;
(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and
(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).
2 THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 19.1.
2.2 Availability This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Obligors. Each Obligor shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.3 Exchange Offer (a) The Issuer may offer the Bondholders (all or none) to voluntarily exchange (on each Bondholder's
discretion) its holdings of NOK Bonds to USD Bonds at a Spot Rate of Exchange (the "Exchange Offer").
(b) Any Exchange Offer made and accepted prior to the Amendment Effective Date shall be effective from the Amendment Effective Date. Acceptance of an Exchange Offer shall be effective from no later than the Frist Interest Payment Date following such acceptance (subject to a minimum of five (5) Business Days acceptance notice).
(c) The terms and conditons for the NOK Tranche as set out in this Agreement shall apply to the USD Tranche, unless otherwise explicitly expressed herein.
2.4 The Bonds (a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 1,000,000,000
(Norwegian kroner one billion). The Bond Issue may comprise one or several tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount of NOK 700,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seven hundred million).

(b) The Face Value of the NOK Bonds is NOK 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves and the USD Bonds.
(c) The Face Value of the USD Bonds is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves and the NOK Bonds.
(d) The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN EXMAR Netherlands BV Senior Unsecured Bond Issue 2014/2019".
(e) The ISIN of the NOK Bonds will be NO 001 0714512. The ISIN for the USD Bonds will be NO 001 0801442.
(f) The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Final Maturity Date.
2.5 Tap Issue The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which subsequent issues may take place after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.3, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date.
For Tap Issues not falling on an Interest Payment Date, accrued interest will be calculated using standard market practice in the secondary bond market.
The rights and obligations of all parties to this Bond Agreement shall also apply to Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuance of Tap Issues make an addendum to this Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.
2.6 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used to finance new investments in LNG infrastructure assets and additional offshore assets and for general corporate purposes.
3 LISTING
(a) The Issuer shall apply for listing of the NOK Bonds and the USD Bond, respectively, on the Exchange.
(b) If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY
4.1 Registration The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository. Principal and interest accrued will be credited the Bondholders through VPS.

4.2 Notifications The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
4.3 US Securities Act The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.
6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Conditions Precedent Disbursement of the net proceeds of the first tranche of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) directors certificate of resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);
(f) confirmation from the Managers that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 15.2, duly executed;
(j) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;
(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents); and
(l) any other Finance Documents in acceptable form and duly executed.
6.2 Waivers The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.
6.3 Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent Disbursement of the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and conditions precedent in Clause 6.1 are fulfilled.
6.4 Transfer/Release On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Managers shall make the net proceeds from the first Tranche of the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.
6.5 Tap Issue The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that:
(a) the amount of the aggregate of (i) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (ii) the requested amount for such Tap Issue does not exceed the maximum issue amount in Clause 2.4(a)
(b) no Event of Default has occurred or would occur as a result of the making of such Tap Issue;
(c) the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed in Clause 6.1 (b), (c), (d), (g), (h), (j) and (k), with respect to each of the Obligors, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to each Tap Issue;
(d) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement remain true and correct and are repeated by each Obligor; and
(e) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations as of the time of such Tap Issue.
7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Each Obligor represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order;
(b) its constitutional documents; or
(c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond
Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on any Group Company or to which any Group Company's assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against any Group Company.
7.8 Financial Statements Its most recent Financial Statements fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.14 Repetition The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 Status The Bonds shall constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer and contingent senior unsecured debt obligations in form of the Guarantee for the Parent. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

8.2 Security The Bonds are unsecured.

9 INTEREST

9.1 Interest rate
The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the applicable Bond Reference Rate plus the applicable Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2 Interest Payment Dates
Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling 7 October 2014.

9.3 Calculation of interest payments
(a) The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or an Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

(b) The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means the number of days in the calculation period in which a payment is being made divided by 360.

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two (2) Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

(c) The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Face Value

Floating

x

Rate

Floating Rate

x

Day Count

Fraction

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Final Maturity Date, and shall be repaid by the Issuer at the highest of (i) 105.00% of par value and (ii) par value plus the applicable Call Option premium (according to Clause 10.3).

10.2 Change of control
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest of par value.

(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Parent has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given by the Parent as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

(c) The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be within 60 calendar days following notice of the Change of Control Event.

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuershall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.2(a)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.3 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option
(a) The Issuer may redeem (in whole or in part) the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day as follows:

(i)

at 105.00% of par value with settlement from 7 July 2017 to and including 31 December

2017;

(ii)

at 106.00% of par value with settlement from and including 1 January 2018 to and including

31 March 2018;

(iii)

at 107.00% of par value with settlement from and including 1 April 2018 to and including 30

June 2018;

(iv)

at 108.25% of par value with settlement from and including 1 July 2018 to and including 30

September 2018;

(v)

at 109.50% of par value with settlement from and including 1 October 2018 to and including

31 December 2018;

(vi)

at 111.00% of par value with settlement from and including 1 January 2019 to and including

31 March 2019; and

(vii)

at 112.50% of par value with settlement from and including 1 April 2019 to and including the

Final Maturity Date

however, so that the call premium shall not be further increased from the date being the earlier of (i) the Group's ownership in the Caribbean FLNG having been sold in full to an independent third party buyer, the proceeds thereunder having been received in cash, (ii) the Group having secured a Qualifying Contract or (iii) the Parent having received USD 50,000,000 in Junior Capital, the proceeds thereunder having been received in cash.

(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.

(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Securities Depository.
10.4 Mandatory Prepayment Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall (i) without undue delay inform the Bond Trustee of the Mandatory Prepayment Event and (ii) on or as soon as practical after the day the net proceeds are received, utilize 50% of the net proceeds from such sale or disposal to redeem Bonds at the higher of (i) 105.00% of par value and (ii) par value plus the then prevailing call premium.
Net proceed in this respect shall mean proceeds after payment of transaction costs and repayment of any debt secured by a mortgage (and/or other standard security) over the Caribbean FLNG. The remaning portion of the net proceeds not applied to redeem Bonds, shall be freely available for the Group.
Redemption made under a mandatory prepayment shall be applied pro rata between the Bondholders in accordance with the procedure of the Securities Depository and all Bonds redeemed shall be promptly cancelled thereafter.
10.5 Allocation Any exercise of the Call Option, a Mandatory Prepayment, a Buy-Back Offer or another form for redemption of the Bonds shall be allocated pro rata amongst the NOKTranche and the USDTranche.
11 PAYMENTS
11.1 Covenant to pay (a) The Issuer will on any Interest Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance
Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(b) The covenant contained in Clause 11.1(a) shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
11.2 Payment mechanics (a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1(a), the Issuer shall pay all amounts
due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.
(b) Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

(c) In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.
(d) Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1 (a).
11.3 Currency (a) If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the
Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.
(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3(a) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Interest Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Depository.
(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.4 Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.5 Interest in the event of late payment (a) In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made
on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.
(b) The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
(c) The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clauses 16.1 -16.9, cf. Clause 16.10.
11.6 Partial payments If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under this Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under this Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Obligors have the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Obligors' holding of Bonds may at the Obligors' discretion be retained by the Obligors, sold or discharged.
13 GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
13.1 Guarantee The Guarantor hereby, irrevocably and unconditionally:
(a) guarantee to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as for its own debt and not merely as surety (Nw: selvskyldnerkausjort), the due and punctual performance by the Issuer of all its obligations under the Finance Documents and accept that the Bond Trustee may make a demand to the Guarantor for immediate payment of any due and unpaid amount (interest, principal or other) under any Finance Document; and
(b) undertake with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that, whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantor shall, on the Bond Trustee's first written demand and in no event any later than five (5) Business Days after the Guarantor's receipt of such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs as if it were the principal obligor in respect of that amount.
13.2 Waivers
The Guarantor hereby waives:
(a) any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of an Event of Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;
(b) any and all defenses or objections from any party in or based on underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever, including, without limitation, any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third party for Security or otherwise, and right to limit the liability under the Guarantee provided hereunder resulting from any failure to give notice of any kind;
(c) any right to exercise a right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document;
(d) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or itself for payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document; and
(e) any requirement that additional Security be provided or maintained.

13.3 Continuing Guarantee
This Guarantee is a continuing Guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, regardless of (i) any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part or (ii) the Bond Trustee enforcing any other Security granted for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
14 COVENANTS
14.1 General Each of the Obligors (as applicable) undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 14.
14.2 Information Covenants Each Obligor shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if any of the Obligors agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare the Parent's Financial Statements and make them available on www.stamdata.no and on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end of the first semester (the "Reporting Date"). Such reports shall be prepared in accoprdance with IFRS, consistently applied and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors;
(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(e) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Obligors, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of each Obligor's share capital or equity;
(f) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(g) if any of the Obligors and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of the Obligors' and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;
(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about each Obligor's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
14.3 Compliance Certificate
The Parent shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under paragraphs (c) and (d) above confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Obligors' compliance with the covenants in this Clausel4, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Operating Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Parent (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Parent has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
14.4 Pari passu ranking
Each Obligor shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
14.5 Mergers
The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of any of the Obligors or such Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.6 De-mergers
The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting any of the Obligors or such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.7 Continuation of business
The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, cease to carry on its respective business, if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Parent shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
14.8 Insurances
Each Obligor shall, and the Parent shall procure that each Group Company will, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, adequate insurance- or captive arrangements with respect to its vessels, other assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with customary and prudent business practice for each type of vessel or asset and in their relevant jurisdictions and areas of operation.
14.9 Arm's length transactions
The Obligors shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of any of the Obligor's or such Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less

favorable to any of the Obligor's or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
14.10 Corporate status No Obligor shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
14.11 Compliance with laws Each Obligor shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.12 Special covenants (a) Duty of loyalty: Unless otherwise specified or implied herein, each Obligor shall, and shall ensure that
any Group Company shall, use its best endeavours (hereunder by voting rights in any capacity and/or as General Partner) to ensure compliance with the Obligors' undertakings as described in Clause 14.2 14.11 in any JV Company.

(b) Parent's minimum ownership of the Issuer: The Parent shall at all times maintain a 100% direct or indirect ownership of the Issuer.

(c) Dividend Restrictions: The Parent shall not (i) declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, (ii) repurchase any of its shares or undertake other similar transactions (including, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Parent) (save for any shares acquired in connection with the Group's employee option scheme), or (iii) grant any loans or make other distributions or transactions constituting a transfer of value to its shareholders (items (i)-(iii) collectively referred to as "Distributions") that in aggregate exceed, during any calendar year, the higher of (i) 50% of the Parent's consolidated net profit after taxes (based on Proportional Consolidation) based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year and (ii) EUR 0.30 per share (based on the number of shares as of the date of the Amended and Restated Agreement and to be adjusted for stock splits, mergers and/or new share issues), and always provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will occur as a result of such Distribution.

The Parent may make interim Distributions during any calendar year based on preliminary accounts for that financial year, however provided that the aggregate Distribution (interim and otherwise) for any financial year shall always be limited to the higher of alternative (i) and (ii) as described above.

Notwithstanding the above, the Parent shall not be permitted to make any Distribution or interim Distribution until:

(i)

the Caribbean FLNG has commenced employment under a charter contract with an

independent third party charterer, the Group has received the first payment from such

employment, and such contract has a fixed period of minimum five (5) years with a

minimum EBITDA of USD 35,000,000 per annum (together a "Qualifying Contract"); or

(ii)

its ownership in the Caribbean FLNG has been sold to an independent third party buyer

(either wholly or partly with 50% or more sold), the Group has received the proceeds in cash

from such sale, and the Group has promptly thereafter made an aggregate prepayment of

Bonds (including any Mandatory Prepayment) of 1/3 of the outstanding Bonds (at par value plus the then prevailing call premium plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds); and

(iii)

the NIBD/Equity ratio is maximum 2.00x calculated on a pro forma basis taking such

Distribution into account.

Any un-utilized portion of the permitted Distribution pursuant to the above may not be carried forward.

(d) Subsidiaries' and/or JV Companies' distributions: The Parent shall not permit any Subsidiary or JV Company to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation or encumbrance (except to the extent required to comply with customary cash waterfall provisions, financial covenants or other similar restrictions in financing agreements) restricting the right to:
(i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders;
(ii) service any Financial Indebtedness to the Parent;
(iii) make any loans to the Parent; or
(iv) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Parent;
if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer and the Parent (as applicable) from complying with their obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
(e) Disposal of assets/business: The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Financial Indebtedness restrictions: The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees) other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
(g) Negative Pledge: The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security.
(h) Financial support restrictions: The Obligors shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any third party, other Group Companies or JV Companies other than by way of:
(i) guarantees for Permitted Financial Indebtedness in any Group Company;

(ii) guarantees for Financial Indebtedness in any JV Company limited upwards to a pro rata share of such Financial Indebtedness corresponding to the Group's aggregate ownership share of such JV Company;

(iii) equity contribution and/or other subordinated capital for customary capitalization of any JV Company; and/or

(iv) Permitted Security.

(i) Subordination of intra-group loans to the Parent: The Parent undertakes that any and all shareholder loans to the Parent ("Subordinated Loans") are subject to the following conditions: (i) any amortization and maturity is after the Final Maturity Date, (ii) no Security is or shall be provided, (iii) no payment of interest prior to the Final Maturity Date (non payable capitalised interests to be permitted) and (iv) no repayment to or enforcement by the lender(s) thereunder prior to the full and irrevocable repayment of the Bonds.

14.13 Financial Covenants During the term of the Bond Issue, the Parent shall comply with the following financial covenants:

(a) Liquidity: The Parent shall:

(i)

to and including 30 June 2018 maintain Free Cash of USD 25,000,000; and

(ii)

following 30 June 2018 maintain Free Cash of minimum USD 75,000,000, unless (in which

case Free Cash shall remain at minimum USD 25,000,000):

(1) the Caribbean FLNG remains directly or indirectly owned by the Group with 50% or more, and a Qualifying Contract for the employment of the Caribbean FLNG has been signed; or

(2) the Parent has issued an offer to all Bondholders to buy back Bonds at 105% of par value (however not less than par value plus the then prevailing call premium) plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds (a "Buy-Back Offer"), for an amount equal to 1/3 of the Outstanding Bonds less any amount already prerpaid as principal prior to the date of the Buy-Back Offer (as Mandatory Prepayment). Any Bonds redeemed under ha Buy-Back Offer shall be held by the Group and not be cancelled, discharged or resold into the market.

(b) NIBD/Equity: The Parent shall maintain NIBD/Equity ratio of maximum 2.75x to and including 31 December 2018, and maximum 2.50x anytime therafter;
(c) Minimum Equity: The Parent shall maintain an Equity of minimum USD 300,000,000;
(d) Interest Coverage Ratio: The Parent shall maintain an EBITDA to Net Interest Expense ratio of minimum 2.00:1; and
(e) Minimum Working Capital: The Parent shall maintain a positive Working Capital.
The Parent undertakes to comply with the above financial covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on 30 June and 31 December each year and certified by the Parent in connection with delivery of its Financial Statements and semi-annual financial statements on the respective Reporting Date.

