Execution version 24 June 2011 ISINNO 001061424.1
BOND AGREEMENT between
Realkapital European Opportunity AS (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Realkapital European Opportunity AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2013

Norsk TillUsmawi ASA

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................................. 3 2. THE BONDS.........................................................................................................................10 3. LISTING................................................................................................................................ 11 4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER........................................................... 11 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS......................................................................11 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.............................................................................................. 11 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................................................13 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY.................................................................. 16 9. INTEREST............................................................................................................................ 16 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND CALL OPTION...................................................... 17 11. PAYMENTS..........................................................................................................................18 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.............................................................................. 19 13. COVENANTS....................................................................................................................... 19 14. FEES AND EXPENSES...................................................................................................... 23 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.....................................................................................................23 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING............................................................................................ 26 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................................ 29 18. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................................. 31

2
Q-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on 23 June 2011 between (1) Realkapital European Opportunity AS (a company incorporated in Noway with Company No.
990 530 351 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and (2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963
342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. Interpretation 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause): "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register. "Allocated Loan Amount" means NOK 100,000,000.00. "Assignment of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended)" means the assignment to the Bond Trustee of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended) including all the security appertaining to the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended) excluding an assignment of receivables (which can only be assigned to banks). "Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement. "Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR "Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from tune to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16. "Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer. "Building Loan Facility" means the loan facility granted by Citibank International PLC, London Branch, dated 10 December 2007, secured in real estate in France. "Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open. "Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless
3
Ml

Norsk Tiffitsmann /ISA

that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).

"Call Amount" shall have the meaning as set out under the definition of Mortgage.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.

"Citibank" means Citibank International PLC, London Branch.

"Citibank Loan Facility" means the Loan Facility initially in a principal amount of EUR 16,500,000.00, with a outstanding amount equal to EUR 16,364,583.33 with the addition of interests as of Issue Date,granted by Citibank to SCI Cergy Etoile in 2007 as amended to reflect changes as to Maturity Date and certain other amendments.

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Finance Documents" means

(a)

this Bond Agreement;

(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2;

(c)

the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary

documentation relating thereto);

(d)

any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the

Bond Trustee;

(e) any document designed as a Finance Document by any Obligor and the Bond Trustee; and

(f)

any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at

any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this

Bond Agreement.

4

l/KL. Q,

Norsk TiUifsniann ASA

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would,

in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as

indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession

by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of

raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby

or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial

institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against

financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in( a) through (i)

above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year-, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors,

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries,

"Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

5

Norsk Tttlitsmann ASA

"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantor on a joint and several basis securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.

"G uarantors" , means to the extent legally possible

(a) REO Spaldingtor S.a r.l., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 16, rue Beck, L-1222 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B.131.937;

(b) REO Necom Centre S.a r.l., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 16, me Beck, L-1222 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B.132.177;

(c) REO Rhoenblick S.a r.l., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 16, me Beck, L-1222 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B.131.938;

(d) REO Hamburger Allee S.a r.l., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 16, me Beck, L-1222 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B.133.647;

(e) REO Sanaderm S.a r.l., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 16, me Beck, L-1222 Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B.131.934;

(f)

REO Finaus AS, a limited company to be incorporated under Norwegian laws, owned

by the Issuer and having a sole purpose to be the owner of the Citibank Loan Facility,

and being party to the relevant Security Documents provided for hereunder,

each a "G uarantor".

"Interest Payment Date" means 24 September, 24 December, 24 March and 24 June each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 24 June 2011.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"M anager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
6

Norsk TillUsmann ASA
"Margin" means 500 basis points per annum.
"Market Value" the estimated value of the Mortgage as of 31. December 2010 ("MV") as et out under the definition of Mortgage.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 24 June 2013 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the first priority French and German mortgage in the following real estates owned by the Guarantors and SCI Cergy Etoile::

Property NetCom Center Spaldingtor Hamburger Alle Sanaderm
Rhonblick
Cergy_Etoile

Location

MV ill N O K

Wiirzburger strase 13, 15, 61,171,875

17, 30880 Laatzen,

Germany

Spaldingstrasse

64-68, 105,000,000

20097 Hamburg, Germany

Hamburger Allee 26-28, 64,609,375

60486 Frankfurt am Main,

Germany

Fachklinik "Sanaderm", 22,109,375

Loffelstelzer Strasse 36,

97980 Bad Mergentheim,

Germany

Fachklinik "Rhonblick", 17,109,375

Briider-Grimm-st.

15,

63628 Bad Soden-

Salmunster, Germany

9 avenue des Trois 142,812,500

Fontaines, 955 00 Cergy,

France

Total Property Portfolio

412,812,500

Allocated loan amount in n o k
14,807,558 25,416,805 15,712,275
5,351,901
41,415,77 34,569,881 100,000,000

Call Amount
in NOK
22,211,337 38,125,208 23,568,413
8,027,852
6,212,366 51,854,821 150,000,000

The property Cergy Etoile will be securing the Citibank Loan Facility.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate
7

Norsk Tillitsmaun ASA
for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantors and SCI Cergy Etoile .
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
`Tayment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Retention Account" means the account established by REO Finans AS where all payments under the Citbank Loan Facility shall be credited.
"Share Pledge" means the 1 priority share pledge over the shares issued by Reo Finans AS.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
8
(M £

Norsk Tillilsmarm ASA

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.

"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited to the Mortgage, the Guarantee, the Subordination Agreement, the Share Pledge, the Assignment of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended), and pledge of the Retention Account as described in clause 13.6.5..

"Subsidiary" means the Guarantors, SCI Cergy Etoile and their direct parent companies and REO Holdings Lux S.a r.l.

"Subordination Agreement" means an agreement to be entered into between the relevant members of the Group and the Bond Trustee in respect of subordinating certain intra-group receivables between a member of the Group (as lender), and the mortagors' under the Mortgage (as borrower), save for the intra-group loans to SCI Cergy Etoile. The agreement to be on term and conditions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"REO Group" means all entities over which another entity or person within the Group has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended

or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to

such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions

relating to such provision or regulation;

9

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA

(f)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors

of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the

ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. The Bonds
2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term of the Bonds, The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 100,000,000 (Norwegian Kroner one hundred millions) through a private placement directed to a limited number of Norwegian investors and international institutional investors.

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN European Opportunity AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2013".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001061424.1.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for the repurchase of the Citibank Loan Facility.

10
ML
O

Norsk TillUsmann ASA

3. Listing
3.1 The Issuer shall not initially apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM")

3.2 The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4. Registration in a Securities Register
4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.

4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5. Purchase and transfer of Bonds
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense. The Bonds have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and are subject to transfer restrictions, as further outlined in the legend set out in Attachment 2 to this Agreement.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6. Conditions Precedent

6.1 Conditions Precedentfor Issue Date

6.1.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement executed by all parties thereto;

(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

11

Norsk Titlitsmaiin ASA

(c) certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any relevant Security Documents);

(e)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for its execution of the

relevant Finance Documents (including any relevant Security Documents to which it

is party), or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing

the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;

(f)

to the extent necessary, any governmental approvals, consents, waivers and/or public

authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(g) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(h) the Issuer's most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(i)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Register;

(j)

documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause

2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the

Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee and;

(l)

the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all partiesthereto

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account

Bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.
6.1.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in Clause 6.1.1 (to the extent applicable) have been delivered and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.1.4 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Managers shall on the Issue Date transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.
6.2 Conditions Precedentfor disbursement
6.2.1 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised in accordance with the purpose of this Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization). Any release from the Escrow Account is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Attachment 3

hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Event of Default has occurred, or is likely to

occur;

(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3;

(c)

all Finance Documents and Security Documents (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1)

are executed and all Security Documents are perfected (or will be perfected

simultaneously with the release from the Escrow Account) in accordance with the

terms of the Security Documents;

(d) certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Guarantors and SCI Cergy Etoile;

(e)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Guarantors and (if legally

required) S Q Cergy Etoile to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any

Security Documents);

(f)

a power of attorney from each Guarantor and SCI Cergy Etoile (if applicable) to

relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents (including

any Security Documents to which it is party), or extracts from the relevant register or

similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each

such parly;

(g) all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(h) a written confirmation in the form of a pro forma balance sheet dated on the Issue Date and certified by a director of each of the Issuer showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents and the Shareholder Loan; and

(i)

a copy of the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended).

6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.2.1
7. Representations and Warranties 7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

13

Norsk Tillilsmatm ASA

The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligadons

This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as for the registration of the German and French Mortgage provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Secuiity Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e)

No Event of Default

No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Financial Statements

14

Norsk TUlitsmann ASA

The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.

(i)

No undisclosed liabilities

As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information

All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.

(l)

Environmental compliance

The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectual property

The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets,

(n) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(o) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

(p) Encumbrances

15

Norsk TillUsmaun /ISA
No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement, save as for registered servitudes as listed in the relevant Security Documents.
(q) Domicilation
All the legal requirements of the Luxembourg law of 31 May 1999, as amended, regarding the domiciliation companies have been complied with by the Luxembourg Guarantors.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors (except item (p) - if not stated otherwise under Clause 13) and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.
7.3 The Bond Tiustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Tiustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.
8, Status of the Bonds and security 8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all
other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.
9. Interest 9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date
at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in September 2011.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.
9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Regulation Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.
16
ML
o

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Regulation Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest=

Face

X

Floating

X

Floating Rate

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. Maturity of the Bonds and Call Option 10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, aud shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(a)

at any time from Issue Date to and included the Interest Payment Date in June 2012 at

102% of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount; and

(b) at any time thereafter at 100% of par value plus accrued interest on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Tiustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be earned out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2.4 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds,

10.3 Release o f the Mortgage and Guarantee Liabilities
The Issuer may release the Mortgage and a Guarantor in respect of a property, the relevant Guarantor may be released from its guarantee liabilities and SCI Cergy Etoile may be released from its Mortgage and other security obligations and assignments at any time against call of Bonds in an amount equal to the Call Amount in respect of the relevant property. Such repayment shall be carried out at the call prices set out hi clause 10.2.1. If the real estate owned by SCI Cergy Etoile is released from the Mortgage all securities and guarantees related to REO

17

WCL

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Finans AS shall also be released. For the avoidance of doubt the total release of the Mortgage may never exceed the total Allocated Loan Amount (NOK 100,000,000).
11. Payments 11.1 Payment mechanics 11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond
Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.
11.2 Currency 11.2.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and
any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in,
11.2.2 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-off and counterclaims 11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations
pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment 11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the
unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points,.
11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11,4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.
11.5 Irregular payments 11.5.1 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of
other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.
18
WC.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12. Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. Covenants 13.1 General 13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the
Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Tiustee copies of any creditors'

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and

reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial

condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the noncompliance.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other companies within the REO Group shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)

De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other companies within the REO Group shall shall, cany out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Tiustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation of business

(i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Subsidiaries shall not cease to catry out its business, save for solvent liquidation of the Subsidiaries.

20

wc cy

Norsk Tittitsmaun ASA

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.

(e)

Disposal of business

The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4 Corporate and operational matters (a) Intra-group transactions

All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies

The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(c)

Subsidiaries' distributions

The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement.

(d) Corporate status

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.

(e) Compliance with laws

21

MC
Qu

Norsk Tillilsntaim ASA

The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

(f)

Litigations

The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:

(i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and

(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.5 Preservation o f equity and Financial Covenants
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity) without the Bond Trustee's prior written consent except of a dividend payment or other distributions or loans to its shareholders of up to EUR 1,000,000.00 as long as any payments are outstanding after this Agreement.

13.6 The Guarantors/Subsidiaries and SCI Cergy Etoile
13.6.1 The Issuer shall procure that the following provisions of Clauses 13.3 - 13.4 also applies for the Guarantors and SCI Cergy Etoile so that all references to the Issuer are replaced with references to the Guarantors and SCI Cergy Etoile: Clause 13.2.2, Clause 13.2.3 and Clauses 13.3 and 13.4.

13.6.2 The Issuer shall procure that the following provisions of Clauses 13.2 -13.4 also applies to any of the Subsidiaries so that all references to the Issuer are replaced with references to the Subsidiaries: Clause 13.2.2, Clause 13.2.3 and Clauses 13.3 and 13.4.

13.6.3 The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary and no other companies within the REO Group shall, provide any Encumbrance over any assets in a nominal amount exceeding 50% of the REO Group's total market value of its real estates.

13.6.4 The Issuer shall procure that each of the Guarantors and SCI Cergy Etoile at all times will keep the real estates subject to the Mortgage maintained and insured in the best possible way.

13.6.5 The Issuer shall procure that Reo Finans AS does not make any changes to the Citibank Loan Facility (as amended) without the prior consent of the Bond Tinstee, does not assume or permit to subsist and Financial Indebtedness or provide any financial support unless approved by the Bond Trustee, save for the contemplated loan facility granted by the Issuer to finance the purchase of the Citibank Loan Facility and an annual subordinated loan from the Issuer to settle current costs in the company not exceeding NOK 20,000.00 per year. The Issuer shall procure

22

(4ml
<X ^

Norsk TttUtmann ASA
that REO Finans AS will not pledge any of it's assets for any other obligations or pennit to exist any such pledge or other security interests. The Issuer shall further procure that REO Finans AS will established a retention account and procure that all payments under the Citibank Loan Facility is paid and credited to the Retention Account, and further procure that this account will maintain with REO Finans AS as long as any amount is outstanding under the Citibank Loan Facility. The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee shall be granted security in the Retention Account owned by REO Finans AS, as well as in all shares owned by the Issuer in REO Finans AS ,the receivables between the Issuer and REO Finans and assignment of all claims under the Citbank Loan Facility. The Issuer shall not Encumber any of the shares issued by REO Finans AS or the loan provided to REO Finans AS, except as provided for hereunder.
14. Fees and expenses 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and
fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
15. Events of Default 15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfill any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date.
23

Norsk Tillilsmaiin ASA
(b) Breach of other obligations
Any Obligor or any Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default
If any Obligor or any company within the REO Group, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies has as consequence that;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
If for any Obligor or any other company within the REO Group
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
24
(Ml

Norsk TillHsmann ASA

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets including any forced administration ("Zwangsverwaltung") or forced sale ("Zwangsvollstreckung") under German law with regard to any German property,

(v) none of the Luxembourg Obligors is in a (i) situation of illiquidity (cessation de paiements) and absence of access to credit (credit ebranle) within the meaning of Article 437 of the Luxembourg Commercial Code, is not subject to (ii) insolvency proceedings (faillite) within the meaning of Articles 437 ff. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code or any other insolvency proceedings pursuant to the Council Regulation (EC) N° 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on insolvency proceedings (iii) controlled management (gestion controlee) within the meaning of the grand ducal regulation of 24 May 1935 on controlled management, (iv) voluntary arrangement with creditors (concordat preventif de faillite) within the meaning of the law of 14 April 1886 on arrangements to prevent insolvency, as amended, (v) suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) within the meaning of Articles 593 ff. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code or (vi) voluntary or compulsory winding-up pursuant to the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended.

(f)

Creditors' process

Any Obligor or any other company within the REO Group has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(g) Dissolution, appointment of liquidator or analogous proceedings

Any Obligor or any other company within the REO Group is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any other company within the REO Group.

(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligors or any other company within the REO Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

(i)

Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Obligor any other company within the REO Group which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

Material adverse effect

25

Ml

Norsk TillUsmann ASA
Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Obligor or any other company within the REO Group which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Tmstee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Tmstee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Tmstee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders .take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Tmstee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Tmstee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2
16. Bondholders' meeting 16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' meeting 16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in
all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.
16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Issuer,
26
IK .

Norsk TUlilsmann ASA
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds,
(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or
(d) the Bond Trustee.
16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be
27

Norsk TillUsmann /ISA

assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings
16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a)

amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor,

redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or

(c)

change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

28

Norsk TiHitsmaiui ASA
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.
17. The Bond Trustee 17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee 17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond
Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
29

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
17.2 Liability and indemnity 17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a
result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee 17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16.
The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall do any such acts as are required and necessary and desirable in order to facilitate a transfer of security if so required, including a certified or notarized assignment of land charges.
17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Tiustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as
Security Agent for the Bond Issue.
The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.
Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Tiustee.
17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Tiustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Tiustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
30
ML

Norsk Tillilsmami ASA

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17,4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the

Securities Register,

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement.

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any tune, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
31

Norsk Tillilsmami ASA

(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;

(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;

(e)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief

Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the

intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the

intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer

or others;

(f)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge

(including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its

legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been

complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of

creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable

security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and

(iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so

pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,

reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the

jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile

of the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;

(a)

all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13,

except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

32

(ML

Norsk TillUsmaun ASA
(c) any Guarantor(s) and SCI Cergy Etoile shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and other security rights granted or assigned in favour of the Bond Trustee and/or Bondholders, and the Guarantee(s) and other security rights granted or assigned to the Bond Trustee and/or Bondholders shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Tmstee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;
(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Tmstee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.
Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Tmstee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
18.3 Limitation of claims 18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and
principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to information 18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Tmstee
or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
18.4.2 The Bond Tmstee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
18.5 Amendments 18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise
provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.
18.6 Notices, contact information 18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Tmstee shall be
sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Tmstee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Tmstee and the Exchange.
33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received. However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue 18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond
Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law. All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
o V b tw rry fo
34

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

REALKAPITAL EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITY AS BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2013 - ISIN NO 001 061424.1
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied; 3. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement, Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Realkapital European Opportunity AS

Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds] Attachmeut 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

REPETITION OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.0. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

FRN REALKAPITAL EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITY AS SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2011/2013 - ISIN NO 001 061424.1

We refer to the Bond Agreement for die above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 7.2 the Issuer hereby confirms and repeats the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 (Representation and Warranties).

Yours faithfully,

Realkapital European Opportunity AS

Name of authorized person

Name o f authorizedperson

Attachment 3

Norsk Tillitsmanil ASA

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +47 228794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Deal' Sirs,
FRN REALKAPITAL EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITY AS SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2011/2013 - ISIN NO 001 061424.1
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of NOK [amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Realkapital European Opportunity AS

Name of authorized person

Name o f authorized person

Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds]
37

<Usl_

