ISINNO 001 057171.4
BOND AGREEMENT between
Aker Drilling ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Aker Drilling ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Interpretation

3

2 The Bonds

10

3 Listing

11

4 Registration in a Securities Register

11

5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds

12

6 Conditions Precedent

12

7 Representations and Warranties

13

8 Status o f the Bonds and security

16

9 Interest

16

10 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Change of Control and Mandatory Redemption 17

11 Payments

19

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

21

13 Covenants

21

14 Fees and expenses

26

15 Events of Default

27

16 Bondholders' meeting

30

17 The Bond Trustee

32

18 Miscellaneous

34

Exhibit 1 Exhibit 2 Exhibit 3

Form of Compliance Certificate Form of Guarantee Form of Turn Over and Subordination Agreement

2

/

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 29 April 2010 between
(1) Aker Drilling ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 982 000 564 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Adjusted Booked Assets" means on any date, the aggregate value of assets which are treated (on a consolidated basis) as the Group's total asset in accordance with GAAP less the aggregated value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's restricted cash deposit securing the Eksportfinans Loan.
"Alfa" means Contract Co Alfa ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with Company No 888 571 302, a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer and which is the owner of Rig 1.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Beta" means Contract Co Beta ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with Company No 988 571 326, a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer and which is the owner of Rig 2.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means, if and when, subsequent to the date hereof, a shareholder or group of shareholders acting in concert, other than the Guarantor or any other entity controlled by or affiliated with the Guarantor, directly or indirectly becomes the owner of (including by purchase, merger etc) the right to vote for, at a general meeting of the Issuer, more than 50 per cent of the issued voting shares of the Issuer.
"Contract Company" means all and any Group Company that at any time is the counterparty in the contract for use of any of the Rigs with a third party. Such Group Company may be a Rig Owner or any other Subsidiary of the Issuer. The Issuer may, in its own discretion, alter with which Group Company shall be the "Contract Company".
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate value of the assets which are treated (on a consolidated basis) as the Group's current assets in accordance with GAAP less the aggregated value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's restricted cash deposit securing the Eksportfinans Loan.
"Current Liabilities" means on any date, the aggregate amount of all liabilities which are treated (on a consolidated bases) as the Group's current liabilities in accordance with GAAP, less any scheduled instalments, treated as current liabilities in accordance with GAAP, of the Bank Loan Facilities, the Eksportfinans Loan and the Bonds.
"Bank Loan Facilities" means the loan facilities provided by a syndicate of banks with DnB NOR Bank ASA as agent and with Alfa and Beta as borrowers.
"Eksportfinans Loan" means the loan facility provided by Eksportfinans ASA as lender and with the Issuer as borrowers.
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Equity" means on any date, the aggregate value of equity which are treated (on a consolidated basis) as the Group's total equity in accordance with GAAP plus the aggregate value (on a consolidated basis) of the Subordinated Capital.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Adjusted Book Assets.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Guarantee (iv) any documents executed in relation to the Bond Issue to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or the Guarantor in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; (c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract
which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; (d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non recourse basis); (e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP; (f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method o f raising finance or financing the acquisition o f that asset; (g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account); (h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);
5 0^

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Free Cash" means on any date (on a consolidated basis) the Group's unrestricted, unpledged and freely available cash.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and it's Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of it's Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means a guarantee (Norwegian "Selvskyldnergaranti ") from the Guarantor seeming the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement substantially in the form as set out in Exhibit 2 hereto.

"Guarantor" Aker ASA, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Norway, with company registration number 886 581 432.

"Interest Payment Date" means 30 January, 30 April, 30 July and 30 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 30 April 2010.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.

"Mandatory Redemption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.4.

"Margin" means 4.00 percentage points per annum.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; (b) the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Guarantee; or (d) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and the Guarantee.
"Material Subsidiary" means:
(i) the Rig Owners; (ii) the Contract Company (if other than the Rig Owners); (iii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the
total consolidated assets of the Group, or (iv) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the
total consolidated net sales of the Group, or (v) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all
o f the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 30 April 2013 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean o f the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts and financial statements of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Rig 1" means the rig "Aker Spitsbergen" registered in Bahmas in the ownership of Alfa.
"Rig 2" means the rig "Aker Barents" registered in Bahmas in the ownership of Beta.
"Rig Owners" means Alfa and Beta, each a "Rig Owner".
"Rigs" means Rig 1 and Rig 2, each a "Rig" .
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Subordinated Capital" means any loan facilities provided or to be provided by Aker ASA to Aker Drilling ASA, and (i) which is fully subordinated the Loan, and (ii) where a Turn Over and Subordination Agreement is entered into.
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Subordinated Loans" means any loan with a term extending beyond the final maturity date of the Bonds, which are contractually unsecured and subordinated to any outstanding amount under the Bonds or any other senior debt of the Guarantor and that contains repayment provisions to the effect repayment of principal or payment of interest shall not be made during the term of the Bonds, always provided that subordinated loans granted by a company in the Aker group to the Guarantor after the Issue Date shall not be deemed to be a "Subordinated Loan". In this sub clause, "group" shall have the meaning as defined in the Norwegian Public Companies Act § 1-3.
"Subsidiary" means any company defined as subsidiary {datterselskap) of the Issuer according to Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 45 (as amended).
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Total Debt" means the Guarantor's debt or other financial instrument that has the commercial effect of a borrowing, including guarantees for loans but excluding Subordinated Loans.
"Total Equity" means the booked equity of the Guarantor in accordance with GAAP, but excluding booked goodwill acquired after the date of this Bond Agreement (however, if a change in GAAP applicable for the treatment of pensions or derivative transactions occurs, any adverse effects on the accounts shall be excluded when determining Total Equity).
"Total Loss" means (i) an actual, constructive, compromised, agreed, arranged or other total loss of a Rig, (ii) any expropriation, confiscation, requisition or acquisition of a Rig, whether for lull consideration, a consideration less than her proper value, a nominal consideration or without any consideration, which is effected by any government or official authority or by any person or persons claiming to be or to represent a government or official authority, excluding a requisition for hire for a fixed period against payment of market hire, not exceeding one year without any right to extension; unless it is within one (1) month from the Total Loss Date redelivered to the full control of the Issuer.
"Total Loss Date" means:
(a) in the case of an actual loss of the Rig, the date on which it occurred or, if that is unknown, the date when the Rig was last heard of;
(b) in the case of a constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of the Rig, the earlier of (i) the date on which a notice of the abandonment is given to the insurers (provided a claim for total loss is admitted by such insurers), or, if such insurers do not forthwith admit such a claim, at the date at which either a total loss is subsequently admitted by the insurers or a total loss is subsequently adjudged by a competent court of law or arbitration panel to have occurred or, if
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

earlier, the date falling six (6) months after notice of abandonment of the Rig was given to the insurers and (ii) the date of any compromise, arrangement or agreement made by or on behalf of the Issuer with the Rig's insurers in which the insurers agree to treat the Rig as a total loss; and (c) in the case of any other type of total loss, on the date (or the most likely date) on which it appears to the Bond Trustee that the event constituting the Total Loss occurred.

"Turn Over and Subordination Agreement" means all and any turn over and subordination agreement(s) between the Issuer, Aker ASA and the Bond Trustee entered (or to be entered into) in connection with any loan treated as Subordinated Capital, substantially in the form as set out in Exhibit 3 hereto.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Working Capital" means Current Assets (including Free Cash (without double counting)) less Current Liabilities.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds,

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the total aggregate amount of NOK 1,500,000,000 (Norwegian kroner one billion five hundred million).

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Aker Drilling ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 057171.4.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed to partly refinance the outstanding bond issue "Aker Drilling ASA Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue 2005/2010" with ISIN NO 001028800.4, to cover estimated funding requirements of up to USD 150 million and for general corporate purpose.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.

11
^

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Transfer restrictions

5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.1, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.1.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.2.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer;

12
Cu

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(e) the last Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue; and
(l) the Guarantee duly executed by the Guarantor (including any necessary corporate resolutions from the Guarantor to issue the Guarantee).

6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Bond Issue will be made available to the Issuer at the Issue Date.
6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.4 The Bond Trustee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue.
6.5 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.5, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer is a public limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto or otherwise.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets and for (a) and (b) no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of any Subordinated Capital and any other subordinated debt.
(p) Encumbrances
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds shall rank ahead of any other subordinated loan of the Issuer.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Guarantee.

9 Interest
9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in 30 July 2010.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.
9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.
When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Floating x Floating Rate

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds, Call Option, Change of Control and Mandatory Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) at any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in April 2011 at 104.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(ii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in April 2011 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in April 2012 at 103.0 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and

(iii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in April 2012 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 101.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (via the Bond Trustee and the Securities Register) and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

17

Norsk Tillifsinann ASA

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place to the Issuer's knowledge.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Redemption

10.4.1 If:

(1) any of the Rigs are sold or disposed of; or

(2) any of the Issuer's shares in any Rig Owner are sold or disposed of or the Issuer's ownership interest in any Rig Owner otherwise is diluted (together with (1) above, a "Sale Event"); or

(3) in the event of a Total Loss of any of the Rigs (a "Total Loss Event")

(each a "Mandatory Redemption Event")

the Issuer shall:

(A) if a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs in respect of one Rig or one Rig Owner, redeem 50 % of the Outstanding Bonds (and simultaneously adjust downward the maximum borrowing limited under this Bond Agreement with 50 %); and

(B) if a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs in respect of both Rigs or both Rig Owners (either in a single transaction or a series of transaction), redeem 100 % of the Outstanding Bonds.

The aforesaid redemption shall be carried out at the following redemption price:

(X) in respect of a Sale Event:

18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) if the relevant Sale Event occurs at any time from the Issue Date, to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in April 2011 at 104.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(ii) if the relevant Sale Event occurs at any time from the Interest Payment Date in April 2011 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in April 2012 at 103.0 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and

(iii) if the relevant Sale Event occurs at any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in April 2012 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 101.5 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

and

(Y) in respect of a Total Loss Event, at 100 % of par plus accrued interest on redeemed amount.

10.4.2 Mandatory Redemption shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption.

10.4.3

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

10.4.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11. 1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register last paragraph.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o flate payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points,.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

20
CA.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13 Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, produce Quarterly Financial Reports and Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and (in respect of the relevant Financial Statements) not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and (in respect of the relevant Quarterly Financial Reports) 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(c) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(d) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(e) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(f) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register;

(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request; and

21
cy

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of the facility agreements entered into in connection with any indebtedness treated as Subordinated Capital.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Quarterly Financial Reports and Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d):
(1) confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance, and
(2) deliver an updated summary of Subordinated Capital to the Bond Trustee.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt..

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or consolidation or corporate reconstruction involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a material adverse effect on (i) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a material adverse effect on (i) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reconstruction involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a material adverse effect on (i) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
provide relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a material adverse effect on (i) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business. (ii) The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general
nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of any of it's assets or operations, unless:
(1) such transaction triggers a Mandatory Redemption which is carried out in accordance with Clause 10.4; or
(2) such transaction:
(i) is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) would not have a material adverse effect on (i) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Ownership to Rig Owners, Contract Company and Rigs Subject to a sale or a disposal of one or both Rig Owners or Rigs (as the case may be) and a subsequent completion a Mandatory Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Rig Owners and the Rigs.
(d) Compliance with laws
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(e) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been
or might be started by or against any Group Company; and (b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a
material adverse effect on (i) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement or (ii) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
0) Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur or maintain any Encumbrance of any kind against or upon any of their respective properties or assets, whether owned on the Issue Date or acquired after the Issue Date, or any proceeds or revenues therefrom, other than Encumbrance granted for:
(1) the Bank Loan Facilities (as amended from time to time); (2) the Eksportfinans Loan; and (3) any financial indebtedness incurred by any member of the Group in the
ordinary course of business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operation by any such member of the Group, provided that such granting of Encumbrance is permitted under the Bank Loan Facilities.
(g) Financial Indebtedness restrictions The Issuer shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, incur or maintain any Financial Indebtedness, other than:
(1) the Bond Issue; (2) the Bank Loan Facilities (as amended from time to time), however, and for
avoidance of doubt, the total outstanding principal amount under the Bank Loan Facilities shall be adjusted for any scheduled (as amended) installments actually paid thereunder and furthermore such repaid principal amount shall not be re borrowed after any such scheduled installment has been made; (3) the Eksportfinans Loan; (4) any financial indebtedness incurred by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operation by any such member of the Group; (5) any Subordinated Capital; (6) any subordinated loans provided from the Issuer to its Subsidiaries; and (7) any subordinated loans currently granted by Aker ASA to the Rig Owners (the "Rig Owner Loans"), provided that:

24

IfV

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
a. a turn-over and subordination agreement in respect of the Rig Owner Loans, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, has been entered into between Aker ASA, the Issuer, Alfa, Beta and the Bond Trustee; and
b. the Issuer has acquired all Rig Owners Loans no later than 31 May 2010. The acquisition will be financed by an increase in the current senior loan from Aker ASA to the Issuer and shall be covered by the Turn Over and Subordination Agreement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, will thereafter be part of the Subordinated Capital).

(h) Financial Support restrictions The Issuer shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or grant any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person, except for:
(1) servicing the Subordinated Capital pursuant to Clause 13.5.1 (Service of Subordinated Capital) below;
(2) what is permitted pursuant to Clause 13.4 (g) (Financial Indebtedness restriction) and 13.5.2 (Dividends and other distributions);
(3) guarantees granted to the lenders of the Bank Loan Facilities (as amended from time to time).

13.5 Preservation o f equity, and Financial Covenants

13.5.1

Service o fSubordinated Capital The Issuer or a Subsidiary (as the case may be) may service the Subordinated Capital by any available cash from operation (including prepayments and interest payments) provided that (i) no Event of Default has occurred under any Finance Documents, and that (ii) the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) maintains a minimum Equity Ratio of 35 % (also immediately after such service of Subordinated Capital.

13.5.2

Dividends and other distributions Subject to clause 13.5.1, the Issuer shall not within a calendar year declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to it's shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity) exceeding 30% of net profit after taxes based on the consolidated accounts for Issuer the previous financial calendar year, provided that the Issuer is in compliance with all its financial covenants pursuant to Clauses 13.4.3 and 13.5.4 after such dividend payments or other distributions are made.

13.5.3 Minimum Free Cash

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer undertakes to maintain (on a consolidated level) Free Cash of minimum USD 25 million.
13.5.4 Working Capital The Issuer undertakes to maintain (on a consolidated level) a positive Working Capital.
13.6 Covenants applicable to the Guarantor
13.6.1 Financial Covenant During the term of the Bonds, the Guarantor undertakes that the ratio of the Total Debt to Total Equity shall not exceed 0.8.
The Guarantor undertakes to comply with the above financial covenant at all times, such compliance to be certified by the Guarantor with each annual financial statement and semi-annually financial statements.
13.6.2 Corporate status The Guarantor shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment, of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
26 o-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
IS Events of Default
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
15.1.1 In respect of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five --Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross acceleration Any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be due and payable prior to its agreed maturity caused by an occurrence of any event of default by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, subject to a NOK 100 million (or the equivalent in other currencies) threshold.
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder, or
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets.
(f) Creditors 'process
27 f \V L--.--i

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets based on a monetary claim which exceeds NOK 100 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o fliquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) Repudiation The Issuer or a Subsidiary repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.
15.1.2 In respect of the Guarantor:
(a) Breach o f covenant The Guarantor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(b) Cross acceleration Any Financial Indebtedness of the Guarantor is declared to be due and payable prior to its agreed maturity caused by an occurrence of any event of default by the Guarantor if the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness exceeds a total of NOK 100 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies.
(c) Insolvency If:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(i) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Guarantor's ability to perform its payment obligations under the Guarantee; and
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets.
(d) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Guarantor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.
29
Q_

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutionspassed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

h 31
V" *`T

)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (if listed) shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting
16.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign lfom the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise

34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order
35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

36
Q^-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if listed). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if listed).

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

By:

IA i ri

'A 'f - li

Position:

A AAH C

>AkCTi(

37

Attachment 1 - Form of Compliance Certificate

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE - ISSUER
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Aker Drilling ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2010/2013 - ISIN 001 057171.4

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. in accordance with Clause 13.5.3, Minimum Free Cash, is [ ]
4. in accordance with Clause 13.5.4, Working Capital is [ ]

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Aker Drilling ASA

Name ofauthorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE - GUARANTOR Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, AKER DRILLING ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2010/2013 - ISIN 001 057171.4
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Guarantor under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby certify that we are in compliance with Clause 13.6.1. Total Debt to Total Equity is [ ]
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/semi-annual unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Aker ASA
Name ofauthorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Exhibit 2 - Form of Guarantee
PAYMENT GUARANTEE
This Guarantee is given by Aker ASA (org.no. 886 581 432) (the "Guarantor") in favour of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (org.no. 963 342 624) on behalf of the bondholders (the "Loan Trustee") in the bond issue "FRN Aker Drilling ASA Senior Callable Bond Issue 2010/2013" with ISIN NO 001 057171.4 pursuant to a loan agreement dated 29 April 2010 (as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the "Loan Agreement") issued by Aker Drilling ASA (org.no 982 000 564) (the "Company") (the "Guarantee").
The Guarantor guarantees as follows:
1. The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the due and punctual payments by the Company of any and all payments to be made by the Company in accordance with the Agreement (as "selvskyldnergaranti ").
2. If the Company defaults in payments under the Agreement, then the Guarantor will on behalf of the Company make such payments in accordance with the Agreement.
3. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) should occur, the Guarantor shall, except in the event that insolvency proceedings are opened in the Company, be entitled to remedy the Event of Default provided that it is a default on a payment obligation, within 5 Banking Days calculated from the day the Guarantor has received written notice from the Loan Trustee that an Event of Default under the Agreement has occurred. In the event that such Event of Default is so remedied, the Loan Trustee shall not be entitled to claim payment under this Guarantee based on such Event of Default.
4. The liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor towards the Loan Trustee under this Guarantee and of the Company to the Loan Trustee under the Agreement shall neither individually nor when aggregated together be greater than or different in character, scope or extent from the liabilities and obligations of the Company to the Loan Trustee under the terms of the Agreement. With respect to any claim, action or proceeding against the Guarantor in connection with this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall have the same rights, remedies and defenses that the Company would have if such claim, action or proceeding were instituted against the Company.
5. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Agreement or in this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not be liable to the Loan Trustee, by way of indemnity or by reason of any breach o f Agreement or in tort (including negligence) or for breach of statutory duty or otherwise, for loss of use (partial or total); loss of production; loss of profit or anticipated profit; loss of opportunity; loss of Agreements; loss of reputation; loss of revenues; or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage which may be suffered by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Agreement.
6. The Guarantee is not assignable unless prior written consent from the Guarantor is obtained and is limited to the total amount of Norwegian Kroner 1,500,000,000 plus any unpaid interest and expenses under the Loan Agreement, or an amount corresponding to any and all payments to be made by the Company in accordance with the Loan Agreement.
7. The Guarantor hereby waives:
(i) any requirement that the Loan Trustee in case of an Event of Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Company;
(ii) any right to exercise right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders under the Agreement until the expiry of the Guarantee, without the prior written consent of the Trustee; and
40
G ""

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) any right to claim reimbursement from the Company for payment made hereunder until the expiry of the Guarantee, without the prior written consent of the Trustee.

8. This Guarantee shall expire automatically at the earlier of:
a. the time when all payments from the Company to the Loan Trustee under the Agreement have been made (by the Company or the Guarantor); or
b. 31 May 2013.
9. The Guarantee shall be governed by the laws of Norway. Court proceedings arising in connection with this guarantee shall be brought before Oslo District Court.

______________________
______________________
______________________ For Aker ASA

(Place and date) (Signature) (Typed name)

41
cu

Exhibit 3 - Form of Turn Over and Subordination Agreement

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TURN-OYER AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT dated
29 April 2010 between
AKER ASA and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA and
AKER DRILLING ASA CONTRACT CO ALFA ASA
And CONTRACT CO BETA ASA

42

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
THIS TURN-OVER AND SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into this 29th day of April 2010
BETWEEN: (1) Aker ASA ("Aker");
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA ("NT");
(3) Aker Drilling ASA ("AKD");
(4) Contract CO Alfa ASA ("Alfa"); and
(5) Contract Co Beta ASA ("Beta");
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Parties" and, individually, as a "Party").
WHEREAS: (A) Pursuant to a bond agreement (the "Bond Agreement") dated on or about 29 April 2010 made between AKD and NT as trustee for the bondholders (the "Bondholders"), AKD has issued and sold bonds in the amount of NOK 1,500,000,000 (the "Bond Issue");
(B) According to the Bond Agreement, the AKD group may inter alia incur financial indebtedness on certain conditions set out therein;
(C) Between Aker and AKD there exists certain senior loans made by Aker as lender to AKD as borrower which, by virtue of this Agreement will satisfy the conditions of the Bond Agreement, (hereinafter referred to as the "AKD Loan");
(D) Between Aker and Alfa and Beta (together the "Rig Owners"), both being wholly owned subsidiaries of AKD, there exist certain subordinated loans made by Aker as lender and each of the Rig Owners as borrowers which, by virtue of this Agreement will satisfy the conditions of the Bond Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Rig Owners Loans").
NOW THEREFORE:
1. CONSENT
At the request of AKD and in consideration of the covenants of Aker hereinafter contained, NT hereby consents to the borrowing under the AKD Loan and the Rig Owners Loans.
2. SUBORDINATION
2.1 Any claim of any type and in any currency that Aker may have, present or future, against AKD deriving from the AKD Loan and any other document related thereto (including, but not limited to, any security documents or guarantees) shall at all times be fully subordinated any and all claims that NT may have, or any of the Bondholders may have, at any time against AKD in relation to the Bond Agreement.
2.2 Aker irrevocably agrees that as long as any amount is outstanding under the Bond Agreement, Aker will not, unless permitted under the Bond Agreement, accept or receive any amount in
43

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
relation to the Rig Owners' Loans and each of Alfa and Beta irrevocably undertakes that they will not make any such payments . If necessary in order for ADR to service the Bond Loan the Rig Owners shall to the extent permitted by any agreements to which they are bound or mandatory law, make distributions (by way of dividends, group contributions, payments under shareholder loans or otherwise) to ADR before making any payments under the Rig Owner Loans (other than payments permitted under the Bond Agreement).
3. RIGHT TO AMEND AGREEMENTS
Without prejudice to Clause 2 above
(a) NT may at any time without consulting Aker agree to any future extensions, amendments or waivers in relation to the Bond Agreement, and
(b) Aker may at any time without consulting NT agree to any further increase, extensions, amendments or waivers in relation to the AKD loan and the Rig Owners Loan.
4. AKER'S UNDERTAKINGS WITH NT
In consideration of this Agreement, Aker agrees and undertakes with NT that:
a) it will not take any action to enforce any of its rights and powers under any of the AKD Loan or Rig Owners Loans or initiate any bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings in respect of AKD or any of the Rig Owners or any other security provider or take any action against the assets of AKD or the Rig Owners or any other security provider unless and until: (i) all moneys under the Bond Agreement have been paid to NT, or (ii) NT has given its prior written consent thereto
b) it will only assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of its rights or obligations under the AKD Loan or Rig Owners Loans to any other party subject to such party first entering into an agreement with NT in form and substance satisfactory to it whereby such party will comply with the obligations of Aker hereunder.
5. REDISTRIBUTION
In the event that Aker receives any payment, not allowed according to Clause 13.4(h) of the Bond Agreement, either direct payment, set-off, compensation payments, through enforcement or otherwise from AKD or any Rig Owner (or any successor thereto (including, but not limited to any bankruptcy trustee)) in relation to the AKD Loan or the Rig Owners Loans prior to full and final settlement of all amount outstanding in relation to the Bond Agreement, (i) Aker shall immediately notify NT about such payment and repay a corresponding amount under the Bond Agreement under its Guarantee.
6. BANKRUPTCY
In the event of bankruptcy proceedings being opened in respect of AKD or any other security provider or any of the Rig Owners Aker shall, if so requested by NT, prove any claim they may have against the relevant debtor in relation to the AKD Loan or the Rig Owners' Loan in such bankruptcy, and any payment under the AKD Loan and or the Rig Owners' Loans received by Aker in such bankruptcy(ies) shall immediately make Aker liable for paying a corresponding amount to NT under its Guarantee for repayment or prepayment of amounts outstanding under
44

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
or in relation to the Bond Agreement. Such payment obligations shall fall due on receipt by Aker of the relevant payment unless already due under the Guarantee. Aker will not make any recourse claim against ADR in respect of any such payment unless all amounts outstanding under the Bond Loan have been paid in full and ADR's liability thereunder has been discharged in its entirety
7. TRANSFER OF RIG OWNERS' LOAN
7.1 It is a condition under the Bond Agreement that the liability for the Rig Owners' Loans shall be transferred by the Rig Owners to AKD by 31 May 2010.
7.2 When the liability for the Rig Owners' Loans has been assumed by AKD;
(a) the amounts outstanding thereunder will be included in the AKD Loan and be included in the definition thereof in Recital (C) above;
(b) all references to the Rig Owners and the Rig Owners' Loans in this Agreement shall be deemed to be deleted; and
(c) Alfa and Beta shall cease to be parties to this Agreement.
8. NOTICES
8.1 Any communication to be made under or in connection with this Agreement shall be made in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be made by fax or letter.
8.2 The address and fax number of each party for any communication or document to be made under or in connection with this Agreement is, unless otherwise is notified:
(i) to NT: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Telefaks: +47 22 87 94 10 Att.: Ola Nygard
(ii) to the Lender:
Aker ASA Fjordalleen 16 N-0250 Oslo Telefaks: 2413 0101 Att: Trond Brandsrud
(iii) to Aker Drilling ASA:
45

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Aker Drilling ASA Strandsvingen 12 N-4032 Stavanger Telefaks: 51 2149 01 Att: lain Inglis
(iv) to Alfa and Beta: c/o Aker Drilling ASA Strandsvingen 12 N-4032 Stavanger Telefaks: 51 2149 01 Att: lain Inglis
9. COSTS AND EXPENSES
AKD shall cover all costs incurred by NT in relation to negotiation, execution and follow up of this Agreement including expenses related to judicial proceedings and expenses incurred out of court in connection with protection of their interests under this Agreement.
10. LIABILITY
A Party breaching any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be liable for any loss any of the other Parties may incur due to the breach.
11. AMENDMENTS
This Agreement may only be amended by NT's consent.
12. LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law and each of the Parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts, the venue in such case to be in Oslo.

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement by the parties listed on the signatories' page at the end of this Agreement.

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

AKER ASA

By:

By:

Name:

Name:

46 O

AKER DRILLING ASA By: Name: CONTRACT CO BETA ASA By: Name:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
CONTRACT CO ALFA ASA By: Name:

47

/

