Nordic Trustee ASA
ISIN NO 001 0724370
BOND AGREEMENT between
Green Dragon Gas Ltd. (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 10.00 per cent. Green Dragon Gas Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee ASA
3 12 12 13 13 13 15 17 17 18 20 22 22 29 30 32 35 38

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 19 November 2014 between
(1) GREEN DRAGON GAS LTD., a company existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registration number MC-165014, as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Acceptable Bank" means a bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or a comparable rating from an internationally recognized credit rating agency.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if

3

Nordic Trustee ASA
such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means on any date, the aggregate equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of:
(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and
(b) time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank;
in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security.
"CBM" means Coal Bed Methane.
"Change of Control Event" means:
(a) if any person, or group of persons under the same Decisive Influence (other than any person or person controlled directly or indirectly by Mr. Randeep S. Grewal, his immediate family and their respective heirs and successors, including trusts or similar arrangements of which they are individual or collective beneficiaries), obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer; or
(b) a de-listing of the Issuer's shares from the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange that does not occur in connection with a listing of the Issuer's shares on another internationally recognized stock exchange.
"Compliance Certificate" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.2.3.
"Cooperation Agreement" means the cooperation agreement related to GCZ Block between China National Petroleum Corporation and Greka Energy (International) B.V. dated 8 August 2014, to be performed by PetroChina Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Petroleum Corporation, and Greka Energy (International) B.V.
"Cure Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.5.613.2.3.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
4

Nordic Trustee ASA
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1.
"Distribution" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.4.1.
"EBITDA" means the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (to be calculated on a 12-month rolling basis).
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Total Equity to Total Assets.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents, (iv) any Subordination Agreement(s) and (v) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee designate as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS applicable at the Issue Date, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold or discounted on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) which is treated as a borrowing under IFRS;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account) or any arrangement for sale of call
5

Nordic Trustee ASA

options or forward sale of oil or any similar arrangement or hedging arrangement for speculative purposes not covering genuine commercial exposure;

(h) any financial arrangement whereby any party is granted any right to a payment as a percentage or other proportion of a Group Company's present or future sales proceeds, income, earnings or revenue deriving directly or indirectly from any PSCs (whether secured or unsecured); and

(i)

without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any

guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to

(h) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include an income statement, statement of financial position, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.

"Framework Agreement" means the framework agreement related to five CBM blocks and including the GSS Block, between China United Coalbed Methane Corporation Ltd., a subsidiary of the China National Offshore Oil Corporation, and Greka Energy (International) B.V. dated 31 March 2014.

"GCZ Block" means the block covering 67 km2, contained within the GSS PSC, and located onshore in the Qinshui Basin in Shanxi Province of the People's Republic of China. The block is operated by the PetroChina Company Limited, and the Issuer holds, as at the date of this Bond Agreement, a 47% participating interest in the block.
"QIC" means GIC Private Limited.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

"GSS Block" means the block covering 388 km2, contained within the GSS PSC, and located onshore in the Qinshui Basin in Shanxi Province of the People's Republic of China. The block is operated by the Issuer, which holds a 60% participating interest, with an option to increase to 70%, as at the date of this Bond Agreement.

"GSS PSC" means the PSC containing the GSS Block and the GCZ Block.

"GSS PSC Cancellation Event" means if the GSS PSC is revoked, cancelled or terminated for any reason.

"Guarantee" means the unconditional and irrevocable corporate guarantee from the Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other of the Finance Documents.

"Guarantor" means Greka Exploration and Production Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability, existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with company registration number IC-248305.

6

Nordic Trustee ASA
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and refers to the international accounting standards within the meaning of IAS Regulation 1606/2002.
"Intra-Group Loans" means any unsecured debt financing between any two Group Companies (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) or from a Group Company to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor that is subordinated in right of payment to the Bonds, and does not provide for its acceleration or confer any right to declare any event of default prior to the Maturity Date.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Expense.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 May and 20 November each year for the term of the Bonds and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 20 November 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest-Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the freely available and unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, 0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if any (direct or indirect) ownership interest in the GSS PSC is sold or otherwise disposed of by any Group Company in a single or a series of transactions where the Net Sales Proceeds, when taken together with the Net Sales Proceeds in respect of any previous sale or disposal by any Group Company of any (direct or indirect) ownership interest in the GSS PSC completed after the Issue Date, exceed USD 50,000,000.
"Mandolin Bonds" means the secured bonds with principal amount of USD 35,000,000 provided by Mandolin Capital Pte Ltd. to the Issuer pursuant to the subscription agreement dated 3 June 2013 and maturing on 3 December 2014.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group taken as a whole in the context of the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with their respective obligations under the
7

Nordic Trustee ASA
Finance Documents or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents. "Material Subsidiary" means:
(a) Greka Gas China Ltd. (incorporated in the Cayman Islands);
(b) Greka Energy (International) B.V. (incoiporated in the Netherlands);
(c) Greka Gas Distribution Limited (incorporated in the British Virgin Islands);
(d) Zhenghzhou Greka Gas Co., Ltd. (incoiporated in the People's Republic of China); and
(e) Ping Ding Shang Greka Gas Co., Ltd. (incorporated in the People's Republic of China),
(each a "Material Subsidiary").
"Maturity Date" means 20 November 2017. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Measurement Period" means each period of twelve (12) months ending on 30 June or 31 December in any year.
"Net Interest-Bearing Debt" means the sum of all interest-bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Group (on a consolidated basis) in accordance with IFRS, less free available and unencumbered Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Net Interest Expense" means the aggregate gross cash interest costs of the Group related to the Group's interest bearing debt.
"Net Sales Proceeds" means net cash proceeds (after repayment of any relevant Financial Indebtedness pertaining to the relevant asset) received by the Group upon a sale or disposal of any (direct or indirect) ownership interest in the GSS PSC. "NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
8

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:

(a) this Bond Issue;

(b) until 3 December 2014 any amount outstanding under the Mandolin Bonds;

(c) the outstanding USD 50,000,000 7% Convertible Bond provided by GIC maturing June 2017;

(d) any Reserve Based Lending Facility or any working capital facility provided by one or more Acceptable Banks;

(e) any senior unsecured bond issued by the Issuer with (i) no amortization and with maturity date after the Maturity Date of the Bonds, (ii) terms not materially more favourable than the Bonds, and (iii) without any financial support from any other Group Company than the Guarantor;

(f)

any guarantee issued (to governments and other third parties) in the

ordinary course of business (where guarantees may include performance

bonds, standby or documentary letters of credit or other instruments issued

by a bank or financial institution and counter-indemnity obligations related

thereto);

(g) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of any Group Company and for non-speculative purposes;

(h) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital leases of vehicles, equipment or computers incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business;

(i)

any Intra-Group Loan extended in the ordinary course of business;

(j)

any refinancing of the Permitted Financial Indebtedness, except for (b)

above; and

(k) Financial Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed USD 25,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.

"Permitted Security" means:

(a) Security granted in relation to the Permitted Financial Indebtedness permitted under paragraphs (b), (d), (f) and (g) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness and, with the exception of the Permitted Financial Indebtedness permitted under paragraph (b) of such definition, any refinancing thereof;

(b) Security granted in relation to this Bond Issue;

9

Nordic Trustee ASA
(c) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business;
(d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of the Group (if applicable);
(e) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to any Group Company in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any such Group Company; and
(f) any cash collateral for existing and future letters of credit relating to exploration, appraisal, field developments, operations and decommissioning.
"Production Development Costs" means the capital costs relating to the development of production from any hydrocarbon asset recognized as either intangible or tangible assets according to IFRS, including without limitation the costs of production wells and facilities, and any other relevant facilities and infrastructure used for the extraction, production and transportation of oil and gas from the hydrocarbon asset. For the avoidance of doubt, Production Development Costs do not include costs related to any exploration activities.
"PSC" means any production sharing contract.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.1
"Redemption Amount" means any amount of Net Sales Proceeds received by the Group during the term of the Bonds in excess of USD 50,000,000.
"Reserve Based Lending Facility" means a senior secured revolving debt facility that is structured against the cash flows of producing or development of CBM-related assets, on a single asset or portfolio basis.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
10

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Security Interests" means:

(a) the Guarantee; and

(b) the Share Mortgage.

"Share Mortgage" means the first priority mortgage governed by Cayman Islands law in favour of Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders) over all the Issuer's shares in Greka Gas China Ltd.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity has Decisive Influence.

"Subordination Agreement" means any subordination and turnover agreement on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee entered between the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and a Group Company that has advanced an Intra-Group Loan to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS.

"Total Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with IFRS.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

11

Nordic Trustee ASA

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding natureo f this Bond Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue ofbeing registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 88,000,000 (U.S. Dollar Eighty Eight Million).

The Face Value is USD 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "10.00 per cent. Green Dragon Gas Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0724370.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied (i) to fund Production Development Costs related to the GSS Block, (ii) to repay the Mandolin Bonds (together with accrued interest and costs thereon), and (iii) to fund general corporate and working capital requirements of the Group.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the sole discretion of the Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM or any other recognized exchange.

12

Nordic Trustee ASA

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and for the Issuer and the Guarantor to execute the relevant Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from each of the Issuer and the Guarantor to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor, respectively;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and the Guarantor, evidencing that they are validly registered and existing (ii) the Memorandum and Articles of

13

Nordic Trustee ASA

Association of the Issuer and the Guarantor, (iii) the Register of Directors of the Issuer and the Guarantor, (iv) the Register of Mortgages and Charges of the Issuer and (v) the Certificate of Good Standing for the Issuer and the Guarantor.

(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(j) the Guarantee, duly executed by the Guarantor;

(k) the Subordination Agreements (if applicable) related to loans from a Group Company to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(l)

a drawdown notice from the Issuer, substantially in the form as set out in

Attachment 2 to this Bond Agreement, including a confirmation from the

Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result

of the issuance of the Bonds;

(m) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue; and

(n) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).

6.2 The Issuer shall procure that the Share Mortgage is executed and perfected as soon as practical after the repayment of the Mandolin Bonds on 3 December 2014 and the release of the Security thereunder. In connection with the Share Mortgage the following documents will be required by the Bond Trustee:

(a) certified copies of all necessary coiporate resolutions of Greka Gas China Ltd. to execute the Share Mortgage;

(b) a power of attorney from to relevant individuals for their execution of the Share Mortgage, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of Greka Gas China Ltd.;

14

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of incorporation or other similar official document for Greka Gas China Ltd., evidencing that it is validly registered and existing (ii) the Memorandum and Articles of Association of Greka Gas China Ltd., (iii) the Register of Directors of Greka Gas China Ltd., (iv) Register of Members of Greka Gas China Ltd. and (v) the Certificate of Good Standing for Greka Gas China Ltd.; and

(d) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity coiporate opinions for the Issuer and Greka Gas China Ltd. and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Share Mortgage).

6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.4 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee having had the opportunity to control the documents received and issued a written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent have been fulfilled.

6.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
7.1.1 Status
Each Obligor is an exempted company with limited liability, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.1.2 Power and authority
Each Obligor has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary actions to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of, all and any Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
Each Finance Document constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Obligor being a party to such Finance Document, enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

15

Nordic Trustee ASA
7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Finance Document(s) to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) their respective constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon any of the Obligors or any of their assets.
7.1.5 No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result drawing down of any of the proceeds under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.6 Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable each Obligor to enter into, exercise its respective rights and comply with its respective obligations under any Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on each Obligor's business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.1.8 Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
16

Nordic Trustee ASA

7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.10 No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

7.1.11 No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.1.12 Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at leastpari passu as set out in Clause 8.1

7.1.13 Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest and to the extent of any deficiency such deficiency claim shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of ten per cent. (10.00%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 20 May 2015.

17

Nordic Trustee ASA

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed Rate

x Fixed

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid by the Issuer at 102% of par.
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows ("Call Option"):
(a) with settlement date on the Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 at a price equivalent to the sum of
(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 107% of par as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Day falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date; and
(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Day falling twelve (12) months after the Issue Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Day in November 2015) (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying

18

Nordic Trustee ASA

Agent, the Securities Depository and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) with settlement date any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day in May 2016 at a price equal to 107% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds;

(c) with settlement date any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in May 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day in November 2016 at a price equal to 105% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds;

(d) with settlement date any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in November 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Day in May 2017 at a price equal to 103% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds; and

(e) with settlement date any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in May 2017 to but not included, Maturity Date at 102% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds.

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be earned out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within one (1) month after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent

19

Nordic Trustee ASA

of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the one (1) month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

10.4.1

Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall, on the earlier of (i) sixty (60) days after the Mandatory Prepayment Event and (ii) on or about the day the Net Sales Proceeds are received by the relevant Group Company following the Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem a principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds on a pro rata basis equivalent to the Redemption Amount (plus interest on the redeemed Bonds).

10.4.2 The applicable repayment price shall be determined in accordance with Clause 10.2 on the basis of the date of the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event.

10.4.3

If a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs which does not require the Issuer to redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds, each Bondholder shall have the right to decline redemption of the Bonds. To exercise such right, the Bondholder must deliver to the Paying Agent a duly completed and signed notice of election to decline redemption on or before the day falling fifteen (15) days prior to the relevant redemption date. Any amount not applied for redemption of Bonds may be retained by the Group and applied for general corporate purposes.

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

20

Nordic Trustee ASA

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

21

Nordic Trustee ASA
11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 Covenants
13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than hundred and eighty (180) days after the end of the financial year (or such earlier date if needed in order to comply with any listing rules applicable to the Issuer);
22

Nordic Trustee ASA

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than ninety (90) days after the end of the relevant six (6) month interim period (or such earlier date if needed in order to comply with any listing rules applicable to the Issuer);

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly);

(i) upon the occurrence of a GSS PSC Cancellation Event promptly inform the Bond Trustee of such event and provide information on whether such GSS PSC Cancellation Event may (i) have a Material Adverse Effect and/or (ii) constitute an Event of Default, the Bond Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of such GSS PSC Cancellation Event; and

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2 The Group's normal external reporting under the United Kingdom Listing Authority listing rules are deemed to satisfy the publication requirements under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d).

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

23

Nordic Trustee ASA
13.3 General Covenants
13.3.1 Pari yassn ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
13.3.2 Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, cany out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.3 De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, cany out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a splitting of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.4 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, cease to carry on its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
13.3.5 Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any other Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related third party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such other Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable aim's length terms.
13.3.6 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that neither the Material Subsidiaries nor the Guarantor shall, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation. The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation if such change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.7 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall ensure that the operations of any Group Company are conducted in all material respects in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the business of such Group Company.
24

Nordic Trustee ASA
13.3.8 Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, or otherwise receive the benefit of adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as would normally be maintained by owners and/or operators owning similar assets to those owned by the relevant Group Company, in accordance with good industry practice in their relevant jurisdiction.
13.3.9 Intra-Group Loans
The Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) any Intra-Group Loans advanced to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor from any Group Company shall be subordinated to the Bonds and subject to the Subordination Agreement; and
(b) any Intra-Group Loans advanced to the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may only be serviced if (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the Issuer after servicing such Intra-Group Loan is projected to have sufficient funds to (A) pay the next two scheduled interest payments in accordance with Clause 9.2 and, (B) if such servicing takes place within one year of the Maturity Date, to repay the Outstanding Bonds.
13.3.10 Anti-corruption undertakings
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Bonds for any purpose which would breach the UK Bribery Act 2010 or other similar applicable legislation in other jurisdictions. The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, (i) conduct its businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, and (ii) maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.
13.4 Special covenants
13.4.1 Dividend restrictions
The Issuer shall be permitted to declare and/or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares and/or make any loans and/or other equity or capital distributions and/or payments to its shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans), whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect (a "Distribution"), provided that:
(a) no Event of Default is outstanding or threatened;
(b) the Liquidity is minimum USD 25,000,000; and
(c) the Leverage Ratio is less than 1.5Ox, calculated giving pro forma effect to the Distribution based on the most recent Financial Statements or Interim
25

Nordic Trustee ASA
Accounts (as the case may be), which pro forma testing shall be made prior to making the relevant Distribution.
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer will not be permitted to make any Distribution prior to 31 December 2015.
13.4.2 Maintenance of ownership
The Issuer undertakes to maintain Decisive Influence of the Guarantor and the Material Subsidiaries.
13.4.3 Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall novate, transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any working interest in any PSC unless:
(a) the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(b) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(c) if applicable, the Bonds are partially or fully redeemed in accordance with Clause 10.4, above.
13.4.4 Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees) other than the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
13.4.5 Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist Security over any of its present or future assets (including shares in Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Permitted Security.
13.4.6 Financial support restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of Security) to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Company other than:
(a) in relation to the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and
(b) in relation to the Permitted Security.
13.4.7 Subsidiaries' distributions
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Group Company to:
26

Nordic Trustee ASA
(a) pay dividends, service loans or make other distributions to its shareholders; (b) service any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer or the Guarantor; (c) make any loans to the Issuer or the Guarantor; or (d) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer or the Guarantor; if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with any of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or the Guarantor from being able to pay its obligations under the Guarantee. The restrictions provided for in this Clause 13.4.7 shall not apply for obligations undertaken by a Group Company related to Permitted Financial Indebtedness (other than a Reserve Based Lending Facility). 13.4.8 No amendments to material agreements The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, make any amendments to the GSS PSC, the Framework Agreement, the Cooperation Agreement or any other material agreements if such amendments would have a Material Adverse Effect. 13.4.9 Hedging policy The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes. 13.5 Financial covenants 13.5.1 Equity Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 45%. 13.5.2 Interest Coverage Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio of minimum: (a) 2.00x as of 31 December 2015; (b) 3.00x as of 30 June 2016; and (c) 4.00x any time thereafter. 13.5.3 Leverage Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio not exceeding: (a) 3.5Ox as of 31 December 2015; (b) 3.25x as of 30 June 2016; and
27

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) 3. OOx any time thereafter.

13.5.4 Minimum Liquidity

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity of minimum USD 20,000,000.

13.5.5 Calculations

The Issuer undertakes to, at all times, comply with the financial covenants in this Clause 13.5, and such compliance shall be measured in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), and certified by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 13.2.3.

The financial covenants in this Clause 13.5 shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.

13.5.6 Equity Cure



If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with any Financial Covenant for any Measurement Period, and the Issuer receives cash proceeds in the form of new equity (the "Cure Amount") prior to the delivery of the compliance certificate for such Measurement Period, then such Financial Covenant shall be recalculated after giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments:

(a) Equity Ratio: Total Equity and Total Assets shall each be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount;

(b) Liquidity: the Liquidity shall be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount;

(c) Interest Coverage Ratio: the Cure Amount shall be deemed to have been deducted from Net Interest-Bearing Debt on the first day of the Measurement Period for which a cure is to be made and Net Interest Expense will be recalculated as if there had been a prepayment of the Bonds, for the Measurement Period and the following Measurement Period (in each case assuming that the prepayment has been made at the start of the first Measurement Period); and

(d) Leverage: the Cure Amount shall be deducted from the calculation of Total Interest-Bearing Debt,

and if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Issuer is in compliance with the requirements of all Financial Covenants, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of such Financial Covenants in such Measurement Period as though there had been no failure to comply with such requirement, and the applicable breach or default of such Financial Covenants which had occurred shall be deemed to have been cured.

This Clause 13.5.6 may only be applied up to a maximum of four (4) times during the term of the Bonds.

28

Nordic Trustee ASA
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
29

Nordic Trustee ASA
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
15.1.1 Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
15.1.2 Breach of other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
15.1.3 GSS PSC Cancellation Event
Upon the occurrence of a GSS PSC Cancellation Event, unless such GSS PSC Cancellation Event is capable of being remedied and is remedied within thirty (30) days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
15.1.4 Cross default
If for any Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
15.1.5 Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in
30

Nordic Trustee ASA

connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.6 Insolvency

(i)

An Obligor or a Material Subsidiary is unable or admits inability to pay its

debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor or Material Subsidiary is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

15.1.7 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for any Obligor or Material Subsidiary, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This Clause 15.1.7 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within (14) days of commencement.

15.1.8 Creditors' process

Any Group Company having any of their assets impounded, confiscated, attached or is subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in Clause 15.1.4 above.

15.1.9 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.10 Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the

31

Nordic Trustee ASA

Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

32

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

33

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

34

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

35

Nordic Trustee ASA

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

36

Nordic Trustee ASA

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

37

Nordic Trustee ASA
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other; (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act
directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement; (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders; (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Bond Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other Security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon
38

Nordic Trustee ASA

exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

39

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

40

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate an agent for service of process in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, including but not limited to receipt of notices (Norwegian: "mo(la varsler") and acceptance of service of process (Norwegian: "vedta forkynnelse'') in connection with this Bond Agreement.

41

Nordic Trustee ASA

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,
GREEN DRAGON GAS LTD. BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2017 - ISIN NO 001 0724370
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;
4. in accordance with Clause 13.5.1, the Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX;
5. in accordance with Clause 13.5.2, the Interest Coverage Ratio as of [date] is XX;
6. in accordance with Clause 13.5.3, the Leverage Ratio as of [date] is XX;and
7. in accordance with Clause 13.5.4, the Liquidity as of [date] is XX.
Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

43

Yours faithfully, Green Dragon Gas Ltd.
Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: {copy o f any written documentation]

Nordic Trustee ASA

44

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 2

DRAWDOWN NOTICE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

GREEN DRAGON GAS LTD. BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2017 - ISIN NO 001 0724370

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] to be applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Green Dragon Gas Ltd.

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

45

