ISIN NO 0010672702
BOND AGREEMENT between
Highclere Holdings Limited (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue Highclere Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2015
#3871221/1

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................ 3 2. THE BONDS................................................................................................... 8 3. LISTING....................................................................................................... 10 4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY....................................................... 10 5. ISSUANCE OF SECONDARYBONDS, PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS........................... 10 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT................................................................................... 11 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................................... 12 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY.................................................................. 14 9. INTEREST..................................................................................................... 14 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDSAND REDEMPTION............................................................ 15 11. PAYMENTS.................................................................................................... 16 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS..................................................................... 17 13. COVENANTS.................................................................................................. 17 14. FEES AND EXPENSES........................................................................................ 20 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT....................................................................................... 21 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING.................................................................................. 24 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................ 27 18. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................. 29

#3871221/1

2 (37)

This agreement has been entered into on 25 February 2013 between

(1)

Highclere Holdings Limited (an exempted company existing under the laws of the Cayman

Islands with registration number 275367) as the issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as the bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"ABM" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 3.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Acquisition Date" means the date on which the Gibraltarian courts confirm to the Guarantor that the Guarantor is the successful purchaser of the Vessel, as a result of the judicial sale process.

"Additional Bonds" means any and all bonds issued pursuant to Clause 2.5 and the "Additional Issue" means the issuance of such bonds.

"Additional Bond Issue Date" means the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Schedules to it, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Issue" means collectively, the Initial Issue, the Secondary Issue (if any) and the Additional Issue (if any).

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means collectively, the Initial Bonds, the Secondary Bonds (if any) and the Additional Bonds (if any).

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo, London and New York.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person other than the Issuer, or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, ceases to own 100 % of the issued share capital of the Guarantor.

"Commitment Letter" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 5.1.

#3871221/1

3 (37)

"Default" means an Event of Default or any event of circumstance specified in Clause 15 which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or a combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Dissolution Costs" means the Issuer's estimate (based on the advice of the Issuer's local counsel) of the fees reasonably likely to be incurred in connection with the dissolution of the Newco Group, on a solvent basis (but if that is not achievable, on an insolvent basis).
"Enforcement Bond Costs" means the costs and expenses incurred by each of the Newco Group, the Existing New Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders in each case, including the fees, costs, disbursements and expenses of their respective professional advisers) in connection with;
(a) the negotiation and preparation of (i) the termsheet regarding the Bonds, (ii) the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), (iii) the listing of Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and (iv) the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository;
(b) the establishment of the Newco Group (including the fees of the directors of the Newco Group);
(c) the Newco Group's costs in relation to the Gibraltarian judicial sale of the Vessel; and
(d) the enforcement of the Bonds (however, this sub section shall be limited to costs and expenses incurred by each of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (in each case, including the fees, costs, disbursements and expenses of their respective professional advisers).
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing New Bonds" means the 20.00 % Super Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2013 by EOAL Cyprus Holdings Limited.
"Existing New Bondholders" means the registered bondholders of the Existing New Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.3.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating

#3871221/1

4 (37)

thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the board of directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Guarantee" means a Cayman Islands law governed unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantor in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantor" means Highclere Limited, an exempted company existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands, with company registration number 275292.

#3871221/1

5 (37)

"Initial Bonds" means the bonds issued pursuant to Clause 2.2.1 and the "Initial Issue" means the issuance of such bonds,
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means, as applicable (i) for the Initial Bonds 26 February 2013, (ii) in relation to the Secondary Bonds (if any) issued pursuant to Clause 5 of the Bond Agreement such date as determined by the Issuer and the relevant Non-Participating Bondholders, and (iii) in relation to the Additional Bonds (if any), the issue date agreed for such subsequent issuance.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Initial Issue and the Secondary Issue (if any), being Arctic Securities ASA.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Newco Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means the date falling two years following the Issue Date for the Initial Bonds and if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date will be on the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Newco Group" means the Issuer and the Guarantor, and a "Newco Group Company" means the Issuer or the Guarantor.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Non-Participating Bondholders" means those holders of Existing New Bonds who have not elected to subscribe for Initial Bonds on or prior to the Issue Date.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged from time to time.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

#3871221/1

6 (37)

"Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Retained Amount" means, collectively, the Enforcement Bond Costs and the Dissolution Costs.
"Schedule" means any of the schedules to this Bond Agreement.
"Secondary Bonds" means the bonds issued pursuant to Clause 5.1 and the "Secondary Issue" means the issuance of such bonds.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Guarantee;
(b) the first ranking Portuguese law governed mortgage, together with an English law governed deed of covenants in favour of the Bond Trustee over the Vessel (the "Bond Mortgage") ;
(c) the Cayman Islands law governed first ranking share mortgage over the shares of the Issuer granted to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Share Charge");
(d) the Norwegian law governed first ranking charge over the Escrow Account to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Escrow Charge");
(e) the Cayman Island law governed assignment over the intra-group loan agreement between the Issuer and the Guarantor, granted to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Intra-Group Loan Assignment"); and
(f) the Cayman Island law governed floating charge over the Issuer's and Guarantor's assets in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bond Floating Charge").
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subscription Notice" shall have the same meaning as set out in Clause 5.1.

#3871221/1

7 (37)

"Subscription Shares" shall have the same meaning as set out in Clause 5.1.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Vessel" means the converted passenger/Ro-Ro vessel named ARV1 (IMO number 7816874)< registered in the Madeira Ship Registry with call sign CQHX, including all relevant equipment that is part of the accommodation vessel scope (being attached to the vessel or not).

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and
(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

2.2

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities

Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other

Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be

complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.2.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.3 2.3.1

Initial Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue Initial Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of USD 20,000,000. The Initial Bonds shall be non-interest bearing bonds. The Face Value of each Initial Bond shall be USD 1. The Initial Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves and all other senior indebtedness of the Issuer (subject to Clause 8.1), including the Secondary

#3871221/1

8 (37)

Bonds (if any) and the Additional Bonds (if any). There shall be no minimum subscription amount.

2.3.2

The Initial Issue, together with the Secondary Issue (as described below) will be described as "Highclere Holdings Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2015" The ISIN of the Initial Issue will be NO 0010672702.

2.3.3 The tenor of the Initial Bonds will be until the Maturity Date.

2.4 2.4.1

Secondary Bonds
The Issuer has also resolved to issue Secondary Bonds to any Non-Participating Bondholders who elect to participate in the Secondary Issue under the terms set out in Clause 5.

2.4.2

The Secondary Bonds (if any) shall be non-interest bearing bonds and shall otherwise be issued on the same terms as the Initial Bonds. The Face Value of each Initial Bond shall be USD 1. The Secondary Bonds (if any) shall rank pari passu between themselves and all other senior indebtedness of the Issuer (subject to Clause 8.1), including the Initial Bonds and the Additional Bonds (if any). There shall be no minimum subscription amount.

2.4.3 The tenor of the Secondary Bonds (if any) will be until the Maturity Date.

2.5 2.5.1

Additional Bonds Subject to Clause 6.9, the Issuer may resolve to issue Additional Bonds , in an aggregate principal amount up to USD 10,000,000 (U.S. Dollars ten million)

2.5.2

The Additional Bonds may be interest bearing Bonds. The Face Value of each Additional Bond shall be USD 1. The Additional Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves, and with all other senior indebtedness of the Issuer (subject to Clause 8.1), including the Initial Bonds and the Secondary Bonds (if any).

2.5.3 The ISIN and description of any Additional Bonds will be determined on or about the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date.

2.5.4 The tenor of any Additional Bonds is from and including the relevant Additional Bonds Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.5.5

For the avoidance of doubt, existing Bondholders shall not be required to purchase any Additional Bonds, and purchasers of any Additional Bonds shall become "Bondholders" for the purposes of this Bond Agreement. The Additional Bonds shall be offered to the Bondholders as at the date of the offer to participate in the Additional Bonds.

2.6 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied for the following purposes;

(a) in relation to the purchase by the Guarantor of the Vessel by means of participation in a judicial private treaty sale in Gibraltar; and/or

(b) in relation to fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the establishment of the Newco Group, the issuance of the Bonds and paragraph (a) above; and/or

(c) funding of the working capital requirements of the Newco Group.

#3871221/1

9 (37)

3.

LISTING

The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated market or on Oslo Bors ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM"), but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

ISSUANCE OF SECONDARY BONDS, PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Immediately following the Acquisition Date, the Issuer shall provide written notice

(including by e-mail) to each of the Bond Trustee and the Manager that the Acquisition

Date has occurred and, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Manager

shall send a formal written notice on behalf of the Issuer via the Securities Depository to

the Non-Participating Bondholders (the "Subscription Notice") inviting them to submit

binding commitments to subscribe for (i) Secondary Bonds, and (ii) shares with a nominal

value of US$0.01 each in the capital of the Issuer (the "Subscription Shares") in

accordance with the provisions of this Clause 5 by way of a commitment letter to be

attached to the form of Subscription Notice (a "Commitment Letter").

5.2 The Non-Participating Bondholders shall have a period of ten (10) Business Days from the date of service of the Subscription Notice to deliver duly completed and executed Commitment Letters to the Manager, pursuant to which the Issuer shall issue and any such Non-Participating Bondholder shall be entitled to subscribe on a pro rata basis (calculated by reference to their holdings of Existing New Bonds as at the Issue Date as against the aggregate outstanding number of Existing New Bonds as at the Issue Date, their "Pro Rata Share") for (i) Secondary Bonds, and (ii) Subscription Shares, in accordance with the provisions of Clause 5.3 below.

5.3

Non-Participating Bondholders who have submitted Commitment Letters to the Manager in

accordance with the provisions of Clause 5.2 above shall be entitled to:

(a) subscribe for Secondary Bonds in an aggregate principal face amount equal to their Pro Rata Share of USD20,000,000; and

(b) subscribe for that a number of Subscription Shares that represents their Pro Rata Share to shares of USD0.01 each in the capital of the Issuer.

5.4

Non-Participating Bondholders who submit Commitment Letters to the Manager in

accordance with Clause 5.2 above will also be required to send the subscription price

payable in respect of their Secondary Bonds and Subscription Shares to the Manager in

accordance with the terms of the Commitment Letter.

#3871221/1

10 (37)

5.5

For the avoidance of doubt, Non-Participating Bondholders who have not submitted

completed and executed Commitment Letters to the Manager, and paid the relevant price

as set out in the Commitment Letter in the manner and within the timeframe

contemplated by Clause 5.2 above shall have no further right to participate in any

subscription for Secondary Bonds or Subscription Shares.

5.6

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.7

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

5.8 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Investors" (the "QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). In addition to the subscription agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons residents in Canada, Japan, Australia or Republic of Cyprus, and any offer to purchase or subscribe for the Bonds shall not be capable of being accepted by any party other than by the party or parties to whom such offer was made and shall not be renounceable in favour of parties other than the party or parties to whom such offer was made.

5.9

No invitation to subscribe for or purchase of the Bonds will be circulated or distributed, nor

may the Bonds be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription

or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an

institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of

Singapore (the "SFA"), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275 (1) of the SFA, or to

any person pursuant to Section 275 (1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions,

specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with

the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA.

5.10 Due to the special circumstances of the Initial Issue, the role and responsibility of the Manager under this Agreement is limited to a purely technical role in relation to the Issue and the Manager was not involved in the preparation of investor and marketing material or verification of due diligence information.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Initial Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject

to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed in in Schedule 3 (Conditions

precedent) Part I (Conditions Precedent for Settlement of the Bonds).

6.2

Release of the Initial Issue or Secondary Issue (if any) proceeds from the Escrow Account

towards payment for the purchase of the Vessel according to Clause 2.5 (a) will be subject

#3871221/1

11 (37)

to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed in Schedule 3, Part II (1) (Conditions precedent for the release of the Escrow Account for the amount for the purchase of the Vessel).

6.3

Release of the Initial Issue or Secondary Issue (if any) proceeds from the Escrow Account

towards payment of running costs and expenses in relation to the Newco Group and the

issuance of the Bonds according to Clause 2.5 (b) and (c) shall be subject to the Bond

Trustee having received the documents listed in Schedule 3, Part II (2) (Conditions

precedent for release of the Escrow Account for the amount relating to the running cost of

the Newco Group).

6.4 The documents listed in Schedule 3 Part III (Conditions subsequent) shall be received by the Bond Trustee within thirty (30) Business Days of the Acquisition Date, unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

6.5

In the event that the Issuer issues any Additional Bonds the conditions precedent for

release of such funds from the Escrow Account shall be determined between the Issuer and

the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders.

6.6

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written

notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been duly

executed and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.7

Subject to the relevant conditions set out in this Clause 6, and following receipt of

confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.6, the Manager shall, on the

relevant Issue Date make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

6.8 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion and in consultation with the Bondholders waive or amend the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6 and Schedule 3.

6.9 The issuance of Additional Bonds (if any) will be subject to (i) the Acquisition Date having occurred, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all issues of Additional Bonds not exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount as stated in Clause 2.4.1, (iii) the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) having received all documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request and (iv) no Default or Event of Default having occurred and being in continuation.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability exempted company, duly incorporated, validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other

#3871221/1

12 (37)

Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax (save for nominal stamp duty taxes payable on entry into certain Finance Documents.) or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material

#3871221/1

13 (37)

Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its subsidiaries.

(h) No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(i) No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(j) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(k) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(l) Security

No Security, other than the Security Interests exists over any of the present assets of any Newco Group Company, or otherwise in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, the date of issuance of the Secondary Bonds (if any), the Additional Bonds Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the Additional Bonds (if any) on such terms and conditions

as separately agreed with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

9.2

No interest shall be payable on the Initial Bonds or the Secondary Bonds (if any).

#3871221/1

14 (37)

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date. The Initial Bonds and the Secondary Bonds (if any) shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer. The Additional Bonds (if any) shall be repaid at par (100%) plus any accrued interest by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds in whole as follows at any time from the Issue Date at 100 % of par plus, in the case of any Additional Bonds, accrued interest on the redeemed amount (the "Call Option").

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least fifteen Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Change of control and sale of Vessel
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a sale of the Vessel, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 100% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within one month after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event or a sale of the Vessel. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the one month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 10.4.1

Failure to Purchase the Vessel
In the event that the Gibraltarian court has not announced that the Guarantor is the successful purchaser of the Vessel as a result of the private treaty sale within 30 days of the Issue Date of the Initial Issue (the "Longstop Date"), the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds within ten (10) Business Days of the Longstop Date by paying to the Bondholders an amount equal to (i) the principal face amount of the Bonds (plus, in the case of any Additional Bonds, any accrued interest), less (ii) the Retained Amount (and for these purposes, the Enforcement Bond Costs shall be calculated as at the Business Day immediately prior to the date of redemption). For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 10.4 shall constitute full and final discharge of all amounts due under the

#3871221/1

15 (37)

Bonds and, the Bondholders shall have no right to claim any further amounts from the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to the Finance Documents.

10.4.2 Payments made to the Bondholders pursuant to this Clause 10.4 shall be made pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

10.4.3 To the extent that the Retained Amount is insufficient to pay the Enforcement Bond Costs and the Dissolution Costs in full, payment of the Enforcement Bond Costs shall rank and be paid ahead of any payment in respect of Dissolution Costs.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are

#3871221/1

16 (37)

denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims
The Issuer may not apply or perform any deductions, counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum (meaning that in the case of the Initial Bonds and Secondary Bonds (if any), default interest will be charged at 5.00% per annum).

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of the Enforcement Bond Costs;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest (in the event that Additional Bonds are issued) due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OFBONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds. The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

#3871221/1

17 (37)

13.1.2 The Issuer undertakes to execute the Bond Share Charge, and to procure that the Guarantor executes the Bond Mortgage, in each case within two (2) Business Days after the date the Guarantor becomes the registered owner of the Vessel.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available for publication on Stamdata as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(e) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(f) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(g) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause13.2.1 c, confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto, signed by a member of the board of directors of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

#3871221/1

18 (37)

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Newco Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Newco Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Newco Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Newco Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Newco Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
(g) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Newco Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.4 Covenants regarding the Guarantor (a) Pari passu ranking

#3871221/1

19 (37)

The Issuer shall ensure that the obligations of each Guarantor under any Finance Document to which it is a party shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
(b) Continuation of business
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall that no substantial change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Guarantor from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
(c) Disposal of business
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of such Guarantor's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
(e) Corporate status
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
(f) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.5 Issuance of Subscription Shares If any Non-Participating Bondholder subscribes for Subscription Shares in accordance with Clause 5 above, the Issuer shall procure that the relevant number of Subscription Shares are issued to each Non-Participating Bondholder according to the terms of their Commitment Letter (subject to applicable subscription and allocation principles) as soon as practically possible, and in any event within 20 Business Days after the end of the subscription period referred to in Clause 5.2.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all Enforcement Bond Costs.

#3871221/1

20 (37)

14.2 The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover the Enforcement Bond Costs. The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment

Any member of the Newco Group fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach of other obligations

#3871221/1

21 (37)

Any member of the Newco Group fails to duly comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default
If for any member of the Newco Group:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
(i) Any member of the Newco Group is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Newco Group
(f) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any member of the Newco Group, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

#3871221/1

22 (37)

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;
(iv) enforcement of any Security Interest or arrest, attachment or sequestration of any of its assets(including a judicial arrest of the Vessel.); or
(v) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
(g) Creditors' process
Any member of the Newco Group has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.
(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any member of the Newco Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
(i) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

#3871221/1

23 (37)

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

15.5 Notwithstanding clause 15.4, in the event of an event of default according to clause 15.1 (a) above a remedy period of five (5) Business Days shall apply. In the event of an event of default according to clause 15.1 (b) above a remedy period of ten (10) Business Days shall apply.

16.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

#3871221/1

24 (37)

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than five Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the

#3871221/1

25 (37)

Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5

A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for in the following matters:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer;

(c) change of Bond Trustee; or

(d) amendment to the purpose and utilization of the Bond Issues (as per Clause 2.5 of this Bond Agreement).

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 16.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

#3871221/1

26 (37)

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

#3871221/1

27 (37)

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.3 and 2.3 (if applicable). The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their

#3871221/1

28 (37)

respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.2 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

#3871221/1

29 (37)

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditor's rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Newco Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and

#3871221/1

30 (37)

Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange.

#3871221/1

31 (37)

Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer and the Guarantor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

#3871221/1

32 (37)

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

SIGNATORIES:

Issuer:

Bond Trustee

By: _ Name: Title:

#3871221/1

33 (37)

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
SIGNATORIES:

Issuer:

Bond Trustee:

Name: Title:

RICHARD MCMILLAN DIRECTOR

Name: Title:

# 3871221/1

33 ( 37)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Highclere Holdings Limited BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2015 - ISIN NO 0010672702
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

Copies of our latest consolidated financial reports are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Highclere Holdings Limited

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#3871221/1

34 (37)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account

[date]

Dear Sirs,
Highclere Holdings Limited BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2015 - ISIN NO 0010672702 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [dote] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Highclere Holdings Limited

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#3871221/1

35 (37)

SCHEDULE 3 Conditions Precedent
Part I Conditions Precedent for Settlement of the Bonds
(a) the Bond Agreement duly executed;
(b) the Guarantee duly executed;
(c) an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees duly executed;
(d) the Bond Escrow Charge duly executed and perfected (including notice to and acknowledgement from the bank holding the Escrow Account);
(e) the Bond Floating Charge duly executed;
(f) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to execute the Bond Loan Agreement, the Bond Floating Charge and the Bond Escrow Charge ;
(g) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Guarantor to execute the Guarantee and the Bond Floating Charge; and
(h) legal opinions in respect of the Guarantee, Bond Floating Charge and Bond Escrow Charge in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

Part II Conditions Precedent for release of the Escrow Account

1.

Conditions precedent for the release of the Escrow Account for the amount for the

purchase of the Vessel

(a) Evidence that the Issuer has been announced as the successful purchaser in the judicial sale by the Gibraltarian courts.

2.

Conditions precedent for the release of the Escrow Account for the amount relating to

the running of the Newco Group

(a) a duly executed release request from the Issuer in form and substance as set out in Schedule 2 hereto;

(b) a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) in the form set out in Schedule 2hereto;

(c) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.5 ;

(d) no Default or Event of Default is in existence or has occurred and is continuing;

(e) all other Finance Documents duly executed (if applicable);

#3871221/1

36 (37)

(f) with respect to release of individual amounts up to USD50,000, the approval of the board of directors of the Issuer (except that the board of directors of the Issuer shall not authorize the release of a series of amounts under USD50,000 where the aggregate amount is over USD250,000 in any one month); and
(g) with respect to release of individual amounts in excess of USD50,000, or for aggregate amounts in excess of USD250,000 in any one month, the approval of Bondholders representing at least a majority of the principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds (which authority may be provided in writing, including by electronic mail).
Part III Conditions subsequent
(a) the Bond Mortgage has been duly perfected;
(b) the Bond Intra-Group Loan Assignment duly executed;
(c) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of Guarantor in relation to its entry into the Bond Mortgage and the Bond Intra-Group Loan Assignment have been provided;
(d) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer in relation to its entry into the Bond Intra-Group Loan Assignment, Bond Share Charge have been provided; and
(e) legal opinions in respect of the Bond Share Charge, Bond Intra-Group Loan Assignment and Bond Mortgage have been provided in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

#3871221/1

37 (37)

