ISTNNO 001 054843.1
BOND AGREEMENT between
Norwegian Energy Company ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Norwegian Energy Company ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 9 10 10 10 11 12 15 17 17 19 20 20 25 26 29 31 33

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on 16 November 2009 between
(1) Norwegian Energy Company ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 987 989 297) as issuer (the "Issuer"),
(2) Altinex ASA, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Norway with company registration number 845 278 822 ("Altinex");
(3) Siri Holdings Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of England with company registration number 06613184 (together with Altinex, the "Guarantors"); and
(4) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
Interpretation
Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 14 and 19.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Adjusted EBITDA" means the Group's earnings before exploration costs, financial items, taxes, depreciation and amortization and write-downs according to GAAP, calculated on a 12 month rolling basis.
"Attachment" means any attachments or appendices to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 17.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim against the Issuer. ^
3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Book Equity Ratio" means the ratio of book equity to total assets according to the GAAP.

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.

"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 11.2.

"Calculation Dates" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.

"Change of Control" means (i) that any investor or group of investors which are

under single control, affiliated with each other and should be consolidated under the

terms of the Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f

more than 50% of the voting shares o f the Issuer (ii) or that a de-listing o f the

Issuer's shares takes place.

.

"Companies Act" means the Norwegian Private Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No. aksjeloven) and/or Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 45 (No. allmennaksjeloven), as applicable.

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 (Form o f Compliance Certificate).

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Event of Default" means any event or circumstance specified as such in Clause 16.1.

"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities, on which the Bonds arc listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds. ^ j S

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"FA Act" means the Norwegian Financial Agreements Act of 25 June 1999 No. 46.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 15.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from its board of directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
Gearing Ratio means the ratio of consolidated Net Interest Bearing Debt to Adjusted EBITDA for the Group.
"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means the unconditional on-demand guarantee (Norwegian "Selvskyldnergaranti '') from each o f the Guarantors (jointly and severally) pursuant to Clause 9 of this Bond Agreement.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 February, 20 May, 20 August and 20 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system --the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 20 November 2009.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Mandatory Redemption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 11.4.
"Margin" means 7.90 percentage points per annum.
5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) any Obligor's ability to perform their obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary o f the Issuer:
(i) whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5% o f the total consolidated assets of the Group, or
(ii) whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5% of the total consolidated net sales of the Group,
I f there is a dispute as to whether or not a member o f the Group is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate o f the auditors o f the Issuer will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive.
"Maturity Date" means 20 November 2012 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Nemo" means the Issuer's participating interest at any time in Norwegian production license 148 together with Issuer's corresponding rights, interests, entitlements and obligations under all existing and effective agreements relating to such interest.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the sum o f all interest bearing debt of the Group on a consolidated basis according to GAAP including financial leases, but except for debt financing of tax exploration expenditure which is tax refundable on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, and further reduced with free cash and cash equivalents (i.e. cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit o f any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank) as shown in the relevant accounts at any time.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, (Oslo time), on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is "NIBOR Reference Banks" as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo interbank market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean o f the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate months commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Oselvar" means the Issuer's participating interests at any time in Norwegian production licenses 274 and 274 CS together with Issuer's corresponding rights, interests, entitlements and obligations under all existing and effective agreements relating to such interests.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 11.3.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in any calendar year.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts o f the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Reporting Date" means each date falling 60 days after each Calculation Date.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments o f 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bonds are registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 18.4. '-v i s
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to this Bond Agreement.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any Guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under this Bond Agreement.
"Share Pledges" means the first priority pledges over the shares o f each of the Guarantors in the amount of NOK 750,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seven hundred and fifty million), plus interest and expenses, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as trustee for Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Subsidiary" means an entity which is a subsidiary ("datterselskap") pursuant to section 1-3 o f the Companies Act.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
"2014 Bond Loan" means 12.9% Norwegian Energy Company ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2014, with ISIN code NO 001 054844.9.
"2014 Bond Loan Agreement" means the loan agreement entered into on [date] 2009 in respect o f the 2014 Bond Loan.
1.2 Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement;
(«0 references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,
(f) judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies o f an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; ^
8

Norsk TillitsmRnn ASA
(h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality); and
(i) an Event o f Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders have, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds acceded to the Bond Agreement and are bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as the initial Bondholders in the subscription agreements granted authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon a completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 19.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount o f NOK 750,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seven hundred and fifty million).

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.

The Bond Issue will be identified as "FRN Norwegian Energy Company ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 054843.1.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue and the 2014 Bond Loan shall exclusively be employed to refinance the existing bond loans NOR01 (NO 001037906.8) and NOR02 (NO 001037907.6).

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Listing
The Bonds will not be listed on any Exchange on the Issue Date, but the Issuer shall subsequently apply for a listing of the Bonds on Oslo Bors.
If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
Registration in a Securities Register
The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register, effective from and including the Issue Date.
The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification.
The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that such agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration o f the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
Purchase and transfer of Bonds
Eligible purchasers
The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement that each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is aQIB.
The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
Transfer restrictions
Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged, "zi

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning o f Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

5.2.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period o f four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement o f the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies o f all corporate resolutions necessary to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;
(d) certified copies o f (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) the Articles of Association;
(e) the latest available Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation o f compliance with the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning an offering prospectus);
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance w ith Clause 7.3 (if required);
G) the agreement set forth in Clause 15.2, duly executed; ^

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(k) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(m) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests, including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(n) evidence o f the 2014 Bond Loan being duly completed;
(o) evidence o f the equity issue resolved at the extraordinary general meeting o f the company held on 14 October 2009 being completed; and
(p) a corporate legal opinion for each Obligor regarding (a) - (d) above.
The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d) and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.
Subject to the conditions set out above being met the net proceeds o f the Bond will be made available to the Issuer at the Issue Date.
The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive die deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.6, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.
Representations and Warranties
Each Obligor represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is^ p a jty and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents, m
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f it, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions o f such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement binding upon it or any o f its assets.

(e) No Event o f Default No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving o f notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment o f any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on it or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Authorizations and consents

.

All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f any governmental authorities

required for it in connection with the execution, performance, validity or

enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the

transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force

and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental

authorities required for it to carry on its business as presently conducted and as

contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and

effect.

(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best o f its knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Financial Statements The most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.

(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date o f the Financial Statements, it had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of it that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Environmental compliance

.

The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable

environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would

prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material

Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectualproperty The Group has in all material respects undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.

(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as trustee for the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(6) Pari passu ranking It's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

(p) Encumbrances At the Issue Date no Encumbrances exist over any o f the Issuer's shares in any o f the Guarantors being in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1, except Clauses 7.1 (h) and (n) shall apply for all Obligors and are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Tssue Date.

7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the ' --j , y

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds, and during the term o f the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of any subordinated debt.
8.2 The obligations and liabilities o f the Issuer created pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be secured by the Share Pledges and the Guarantees and any other Security Documents created pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Share Pledges and the Guarantees shall rank pari passu with the share pledges and the guarantees to be granted pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Bond Loan Agreement.

9 Guarantees
9.1 Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally jointly and severally:
(a) guarantees to the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders) as and for its own debt (No. selvskyldner) and not merely as surety the due and punctual payment by the Issuer of all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents;
(b) undertakes with the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders) that whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, that Guarantor shall immediately on demand pay that amount as if it was the principal obligor; and
(c) indemnifies the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders) immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability suffered by the Bond Trustee (for the benefit o f itself and the Bondholders) if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal. The amount of the cost, loss or liability shall be equal to the amount which the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders) would otherwise have been entitled to recover.
9.2 This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of sums payable by any Obligor under the Finance Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.
9.3 The liability of each Guarantor under this Clause 9 (Guarantees) shall be limited to NOK 750,000,000, plus any unpaid amount o f interest, fees, liability, costs and expenses under the Finance Documents,

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.4 If any payment by an Obligor is avoided or reduced or any discharge is given by the Bond Trustee (whether in respect o f the obligations of any Obligor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) as a result o f insolvency or any similar event:
a) the liability of each Obligor shall continue as if such payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had not occurred; and
b) the Bond Trustee (for the benefit o f itself and the Bondholders) shall be entitled to recover the value or amount of that security or payment from each Obligor, as if such payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had not occurred.
9.5 The obligations of each Guarantor under this Clause 9 will not be affected by an act, omission, matter or thing which, but for this Clause, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Clause 9 (without limitation and whether or not known to it or the Bond Trustee) including:
a) any time, waiver or consent granted to, or composition with, any Obligor or other person;
b) the release of any other Obligor or any other person under the terms o f any composition or arrangement with any creditor of any Group Company;
c) the talcing, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any Obligor or other person or any non-presentation or non observance o f any formality or other requirement in respect o f any instrument or any failure to realise the full value of any security;
d) any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of an Obligor or any other person;
e) any amendment, novation, supplement, extension, restatement (however fundamental and whether or not more onerous) or replacement of any Finance Document or any other document or security including without limitation any change in the purpose of, any extension o f or any increase in any facility or the addition of any new facility under any Finance Document or other document or security;
f) any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any obligation of any person under any Finance Document or any other document or security; or
g) any insolvency or similar proceedings.
Furthermore, each Guarantor specifically waives all rights under the provisions of the FA Act not being mandatory provisions, including (but not limited to) the provisions o f sections 62, 63, 65, 66, 67, 70, 71, 72, 73 and 74 (both inclusive). ^
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10 Interest

10.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

10.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being on 20 February 2010.

10.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

10.4 The day count convention in respect o f the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment is being made is divided by 360 (the "Day Count Factor").

10.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

10.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Face Value

x

Floating

x

Day Count Factor

Rate

11

Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

11.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall run without instalments and mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

11.2 11.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call O p tio n ):^

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) at any time from the Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2011 at 108 % o f par, plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount,

(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2011 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 104 % o f par, plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount.
11.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond
Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

11.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures o f the Security Depository).

11.2.4

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date

11.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11.3 Change o f control 11.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each Bondholder shall have a right of
pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % o f par plus accrued interest.
11.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two - 2 - months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders o f a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control has taken place.
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the pre-payment request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be fifteen 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
11.3.3 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
11.3.4 For the avoidance of doubt, the Put Option is an option exercisable at the sole discretion of the Bondholders, and each Bondholder may elect not to exercise such Put Option and to continue to hold its Bonds.
11.4 Mandatory Redemption 11.4.1 If any of the Issuer's shares in the Guarantors are sold, the Issuer shall redeem 100 %
o f the Outstanding Bonds as follow:^)

18

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

(i) if occurring anytime from Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2011, at 108% o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and
(ii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2011 to Maturity Date at 104% o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

11.4.2

Clause 11.4.1 shall not apply to any sale of shares in a Guarantor to a Group Company which is a wholly-owned Subsidiary o f the Issuer (directly or indirectly), and the Bond Trustee shall give such consents and provide such documentation as may be necessary to give effect to such sale (including, without limitation, consent to the transfer of security interests in the relevant shares in its capacity as trustee for the applicable security interests), provided that:

(i) such sale is notified to the Bond Trustee no later than 30 Business Days prior to the completion date of any such sale; and

(ii) the security interest o f the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as trustee for the Bondholders) in such shares will be fully maintained with the new owner and that the Bond Trustee receives executed documentation in a form satisfactory to it to such effect prior to the completion o f such sale; and

(iii) at least 51% o f the shares of the applicable Guarantor continues to be owned by the Issuer.

12

Payments

12.1 Payment mechanics

12.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

12.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 12.2.

12.2 Currency

12.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date. A'

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 12.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register last paragraph.

12.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

12.3 Set-offand counterclaims

12.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

12.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

12.4.1

In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 10 plus 5.00 percentage points per annum.

12.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 12.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

12.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 16.1 (a), cf. Clauses 1 6 .2 - 16.4.

12.5 Irregular payments

12.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholder o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 12.1 or 12.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

13

Issuer's acquisition o f Bonds

13.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, cancelled or sold.

14

Covenants

14.1 General
14.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 14 to the Bond Tmstee (in its capacity as trustee for the Bondholders), as further stated below.

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

14.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 14 shall remain in force from the date o f this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent o f such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

14.1.3

The Bond Trustee acknowledges and agrees that the information covenants in Clause 14.2 may require that the Bond Trustee in certain cases would have to undertake confidentiality and other obligations in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act prior to receiving and in respect of information that is subject to delayed disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act

14.2 Information Covenants

14.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event o f Default as well as o f any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event o f Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Reports each quarter and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end o f the financial year for the Financial Statements and 60 days after the end of each relevant quarter for the Quarterly Financial Reports;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

14.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

14.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 14.2.1 (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 14. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a Compliance Certificate, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

14.2.4 The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:

(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and

(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

14.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. -3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) Continuation o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that any Group Company shall not, cease to carry out its business and/or make a material change to the general nature or scope o f its business from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, (in each case) if this would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that any Group Company shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
For the sake of clarity; a transfer o f Oselvar and Nemo from the Issuer to any wholly owned subsidiary o f a Guarantor shall not be affected by b) and e) above.
14.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 o f the Companies Act.
(h) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part o f the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any o f the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 o f the Companies Act (if applicable).
(c) Ownership to Guarantors The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose o f any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Guarantors, and shall cause each Guarantor not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party, save in accordance with Clause 11.4.2.
(d) Obligors ' distributions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer shall not permit any Obligor to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right o f any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any o f its assets and properties to the Issuer if such contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) would (in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee) result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Guarantor, change its type of organization or jurisdiction o f organization.
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in all material respects in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Thirdparty loans The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that any Group Company shall not:
(i) grant any loans to; or
(ii) issue guarantees or otherwise grant security in respect of liabilities or obligations of,
any third party not being a Group Company, save that, in respect of item (ii) above, the Issuer may provide customary guarantees or other security for the liability or obligation o f a petroleum exploration and/or production joint venture in which the Issuer participates and customary guarantees or security for the liabilities or obligations of any seller in transactions related to the petroleum assets in which the Issuer is a buyer.
(h) Additional Share Pledges The shares in the Guarantors may not be assigned or mortgaged/pledged to any other party.
14.5 Preservation o f equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity, save that the Issuer may repurchase shares in connection with any option or similar incentive program o f the Issuer in force at any time made for the benefit o f its employees and/or management and/or directors of the Issuer.
(b) Book Equity Ratio i / '
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio o f minimum 25% on every Calculation Date.
The Book Equity Ratio as per any Calculation Date shall be reported on a consolidated basis for the Group within each Reporting Date.
A default only exists if the Issuer is in breach with the Book Equity Ratio covenant on two consecutive Calculation Dates and the covenant breach is not remedied within the Reporting Date following such second Calculation Date.
(c) Gearing Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Gearing Ratio of maximum 5.00 on every Calculation Date.
The Gearing Ratio as per each Calculation Date shall be reported on a consolidated basis for the Group within each Reporting Date.
A default only exists if the Issuer is in breach with the Gearing Ratio covenant on two consecutive Calculation Dates and the covenant breach is not remedied within the Reporting Date following such second Calculation Date
15 Fees and expenses
15.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation o f the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
15.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
15.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
15.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 15.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 15.1 and 15.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
15.5 All payments under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement shall be made free and clear of any deductions and withholding, unless such deduction or withholding is required by any applicable law, and if so required to be deducted or withheld, the Issuer shal

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

pay to the Bondholders such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the amount received by the Bondholders will equal the lull amount the Bondholders would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required.

16

Events of Default

16.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence o f any o f the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless payment in full is made, within 5 - five Business Days following the original due date, and it is in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee obvious that the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) Breach o f other obligations Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless such failure is remedied within 15 - fifteen - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default If for any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary:
(i) any financial indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period (or, if there is no applicable grace period, within 5 Business Days o f its due date),
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described),
provided always that the aggregate amount of the financial indebtedness or guarantee (or commitment for any financial indebtedness) falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above for such Obligor and/or Material Subsidiary exceeds a total of NOK 10 million (or the equivalent amount in any other currency or currencies). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (c) does not apply to any financial indebtedness o f any Group Company to another Group Company.

(d) Misrepresentations

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made save if this is not likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) Insolvency I f for any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any other jurisdiction) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect o f a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement o f any security over any of its assets (having an aggregate value exceeding NOK 10 million (or the equivalent amount in any other currency or currencies)),
save if the relevant corporate action, legal proceeding, other procedure or step is demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Bond Trustee to be frivolous, vexatious or another abuse of the process o f the court.
(j) Creditors'process Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets (having an aggregate value exceeding NOK 10 million (or the equivalent amount in any other currency or currencies)) impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint and any such encumbrance is not discharged within 15 Business Days.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party save if this is not likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(i) Litigation

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Material Subsidiary or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to be adversely determined, and which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series o f events occurs which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
16.2 If an Event o f Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
16.3 If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
16.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 16.2 or 16.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 11.4.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17

Bondholders' meeting

17.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'meeting

17.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution o f such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

17.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders 'meetings

17.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

17.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

17.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

17.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to tire Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time o f distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

17.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f tire proposal shall be stated in the summons.

17.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

17.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

17.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall slate the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

17.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and --provided the Bonds arc listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Bond Trustee shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

17.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders `meetings

17.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

17.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

17.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 17.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

17.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 17.3.5.

17.3.5 Tn the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the tenns of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price^and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds; -

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
17.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
17.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting
17.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 17.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
17.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

18 The Bond Trustee

18.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

18.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

18.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the

Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond

Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the

Bondholders' Meeting. This shall, for the avoidance of doubt, also apply to a

situation where the Bond Trustee has received a demand in writing from

Bondholc

resenting at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds as set out in Clause

16.3. -3

31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 18.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

18.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 18.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 18.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

18.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 18.1.3 or 18.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 17.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

18.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

18.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 18.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

18.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 17.3.5.

18.2 Liability and indemnity

18.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

18.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all direct losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

18.3 Change o fBond Trustee

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 17. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

18.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 15, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

18.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

18.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

18.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

18.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

18.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

19 Miscellaneous 19.1 The community o fBondholders

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise as a result of the
Bond Trustee (or, if applicable, the Security Agent) being refused legal capacity to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

19.2 Defeasance

19.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 19.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (die "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);

(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion

reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders

will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US

federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and

Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same

amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the

case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

/

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events o f Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment o f the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent o f defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects o f any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
19.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 19.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 14, except 14.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect in respect o f that Guarantor;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise t/i
35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

required;

(e) all other provisions o f the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

19.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with tire provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders o f all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
19.3 Limitation o f claims

19.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18.
19.4 Access to information

19.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

19.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
19.5 Amendments

19.5.1 All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

19.6 Notices, contact information

19.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

19.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place o f receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
19.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
19.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
19.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.
$fe £ + +
This Bond Agreement has been executed in four originals, o f which the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Bond Trustee: NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA

By:-^£t
Position:

B .£>£ULAtOD

SIRI HOLDINGS LTD

37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,
Norwegian Energy Company ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2009/2012 - ISIN 001 054843.1

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 14.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 14 are satisfied;
3. in accordance with Clause 14.5 b), the Equity Ratio is XX
4. in accordance with Clause 14.5 c), the Gearing Ratio is XX
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Norwegian Energy Company ASA

Name ofauthorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

38

