ISIN N00010623374
BOND AGREEMENT between
Emerging Europe Land Development AS (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Convertible Callable Bond Issue 2011/2012

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer o f Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status o f the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition o f Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norek Tillitsmann ASA

3

7

8

8

9

9

10

12

13

13

14

16

16

19

19

22

24

'

.

27

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 21 October 2011 between
(1) Emerging Europe Land Development AS (a company incorporated in N ow ay with Company No. 992 394 781 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1,1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clause 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties,
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to tune.
"Bondholders' M eeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Noiwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when N ow egian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Now egian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Cali Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.3,

3

Cub %

N orsk TiLLitsmimn ASA.
"Conversion Event" means the discretionary decision o f a Bondholder to convert the Bonds into Shares.
"Conversion Date" means a date being ten (10) Banking Days after the Bondholder has given a notice o f a Conversion Event.
Conversion Period" means the thirty (30) calendar days period following the notification o f a Conversion Event.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Default Conversion" means the conversion o f the Outstanding Bonds that will take place following a Default Conversion Event.
"Default Conversion Event" means the event where the Issuer in the Issuer's opinion as made on or about Maturity Date is not able to repay the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest on or before the Maturity Date.
"Default Conversion Mechanism" means the mechanism under which the Issuer and the Bondholders have the right and duty to convert all the Outstanding Bonds, included accrued interest, to shares in the Issuer at the Default Conversion Price which is planned approved by the Issuer's general meeting o f shareholders prior to 24 October 2012.
"Default Conversion Price" means NOK 1.50 subject to approval o f the extraordinary general meeting in the Issuer.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect o f conferring security.
"Event o f Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15,1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

4

cue.

Norsk Tillilsniiinn ASA

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

money borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount o f any liability in respect o f any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost o f any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method o f raising Finance or financing the acquisition o f that

asset;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit ftom fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value o f the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect o f a borrowing or raising o f money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale o f purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect o f a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter o f credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss o f any person in respect o f any o f the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above,

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements o f the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors,

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries.

"Interest Payment Date" means 24 October 2012.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number o f the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 24 October 2011.

5

Norsk Tillilsmnnn ASA

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any parly or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue,

"Margin" means 15 percentage points per annum.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (b) the validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement,

"Maturity Date" means 24 October 2012 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value o f the total number o f Bonds not redeemed, converted, or otherwise discharged.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by

the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf tjf the Issuer with respect to the

Bonds.

.'

"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts o f the Issuer as o f each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.

"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration o f Financial Instruments o f 5 July 2002 No. 64.

"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.

"Shares" means the shares o f the Issuer, being at the date o f this Bond Agreement 69,041,320 ordinaiy shares, fully paid up with a face value o f NOK 0.01, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) o f the issued share capital o f the Issuer, each individually a "Share".

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a

6

CM

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board o f directors o f the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal-personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer o f Bonds' bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds.

2.2

The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount o f NOK 76 000 000 (Norwegian Kroner seventysixmillion),

7

Norsk TiliUsmann ASA

The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 1 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as " 15 per cent Emerging Europe Land Development AS Callable Bond Issue 2011/2012".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be ISINN00010623374.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds o f the Bonds shall be employed for the financing of property developments in Kroatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina and general corporate purposes.

2.4 Convertible provisions

The Bonds are convertible into Shares as set out in Attachment 2.

3

Listing

3.1

The Issuer is under no.obligations to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have

the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the

Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions o f the

Securities Register.

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register o f any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification.

4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation o f correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration o f the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

8
*«

Norsk Tillilsoumo ASA

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers

5.1.1

The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning o f Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a Q1B.

5,2 Transfer restrictions

5.2.1

Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning o f Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;

(d) certified copies o f (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles o f Association o f the Issuer;

9

Norsk TillUsmnnn ASA
(e) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 o f the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(f) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(g) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(h) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(j) documentation on the granting o f authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2. land copies o f any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue, and
(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.
The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.
Representations and Warranties
Save as presented in the prospectus regarding the Bond Issue, the Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessaiy corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations
10

CM»

Norsk Tilltfsmnnn ASA
o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions o f such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer o f the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or presentjudicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any o f its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault N o Event o f Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving o f notice, lapse o f time, determination o f materiality or the fulfilment o f any other applicable condition, or any combination o f the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any o f its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are.valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f any governmentalauthorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation N o litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best o f the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date o f the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
11

Norsk'Tillifsmnnn ASA
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition o f the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Issuer.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) P ari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims o f its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally,
(p) Encumbrances N o Encumbrances exist over any o f the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event o f misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement o f the Bonds, and during the term o f the Bonds, as a result o f its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at leastpari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds are unsecured.

12

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA

9

Interest

9.1

Interest shall accrue on the face value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate o f 15 per cent pel-annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made on the Interest Payment Date. Interest shall accrue following the Maturity Date only in the event that the general meeting o f the Issuer does not approve the Default Conversion.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, Issue Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation o f the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in respect o f which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis o f a year o f 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day o f a month but the first day o f die calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month o f February, in which case the month o f Februaiy shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

X  Fixed Rate

X

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10

Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Default Conversion Event conversion
If a Default Conversion Event has occurred, the Issuer shall within five Business Days call for a general meeting o f shareholders and subject to the general meeting's approval o f the Default Conversion Mechanism with the necessary qualified majority, the Issuer and the Bondholders, respectively, have the right and duty to convert all the Outstanding Bonds, included accrued interest, to Shares at the Default Conversion Price. If such Default Conversion takes place, the Issuer shall inform the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) 10 - ten - Banking days before the Default Conversion takes place, but no later than 5 - five - Banking Days following Maturity Date. Conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value o f the Bonds to be converted with additional accrued interest until and including the Maturity Date) against the issuing o f the whole number o f shares resulting from

13

| ,
i
ii [i j ;l 1
I :
i
046 n

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

dividing the total nominal value o f the Bonds to be converted with additional accrued interest by the Default Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number o f shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer. Interest shall accrue following the Maturity Date only in the event that the general meeting of the Issuer does not approve the Default Conversion.

10.3 Call Option
10.3.1 The Issuer may redeem parts o f the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) on the dates falling 6 and 9 months after Issue Date (adjusted according to the Business Day Convention) at 100% o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.3.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.3.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures o f the Security Depository).

10.3.4

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount o f such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date

10.3.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3.6 If notice o f notice o f exercise, o f the Call Option is issued according to Clause 10.3.2, the Exercise Period o f the Conversion Right (as defined in Attachment 2) will end 10 Banking Days prior to the exercise date o f the Call Option,

11

Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

14

Norsk TillKsmann ASA

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. I f however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred,

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment -

31.4.1

In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on Maturity Date, and provided that the general meeting has not approved the Default Conversion Mechanism as set out in Clause 10.2, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Maturity Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each annual date following the Maturity Date until the defaulted amount has been repaid in frill.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.

11.5 11.5.1

Irregular payments In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, .immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event o f Default as well as o f any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event o f Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee i f the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end o f the financial year and 60 days after the end o f the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end o f the relevant quarter);

(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications o f the Issuer;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

16

cm
n

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otheiwise enable the Bond Trustee to cany out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue o f its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event o f noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims o f all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by arty bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations o f the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not cany out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

17

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope o f its business from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, unless
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13,4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect o f Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 o f the Private «"Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions 1vith -sharelioIders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part o f the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent o f the shares, or (iv) or any company, person · or entity controlled by or affiliated with any o f the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms,'not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect o f Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 o f the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(a) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type o f organization orjurisdiction of organization.
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall cany on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware o f them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details o f any: (a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been
or might be started by or against the Issuer; and
18

Cktg

Norsk TillHsmann ASA
(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.5 Preservation o f equity and Financial Covenants
Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not within a calendar year declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase o f shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions o f bonus shares not affecting its equity).

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation o f the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1'and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence o f any o f the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is

19

CUg

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any o f the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default The Issuer's aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;

(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event o f default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described).

(d) Misrepresentations

,

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance

certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves .

to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made

or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer

(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme o f arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

(iii) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any o f its assets; or

(iv) enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets,

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) Creditors 'process The Issuer has a substantial proportion o f the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect o f the Issuer.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any o f the terms o f the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Issuer which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series o f events occurs in relation to the Issuer or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessaiy to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take eveiy measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactoiy security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration o f default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above,
21

Norsk Tillilsnmnn ASA

15.4 In the event that the Outstanding Bonds are in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding either
(a) if the Default Conversion Mechanism has been approved by the Issuer's general meeting o f shareholders with the required qualified majority, as set out in Clause 10.2, conversion o f the Outstanding Bonds, including accrued unpaid interests up to and excluding the date o f the notice, to shares in the Issuer at the Default Conversion Price.
(b) if the Default Conversion Mechanism has not been approved by the Issuer's general meeting o f shareholders with the required qualified majority within the time limit set out in Clause 10.2, payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders ' meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, resolution o f such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer,' (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 I f the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time o f distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

22

cm>

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested, If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

23

CH6

^8

Norsk TillUsmmin ASA

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

hi order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed,

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16,3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment o f the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds;
(b) transfer o f rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change o f Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16,3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee
17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the

24

CMg

Norsk TillUsmann ASA

terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange o f relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters o f confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessaiy to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch o f such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

25

Norsk Tillitsniann ASA

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee folly in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17,3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses o f a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment ofSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee,

17.4.2

The fonctions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge,

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment o f a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

26

om

Norsk Tillttsmann ASA

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security Interest (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership o f Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. - (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) - the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise o f a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise o f a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders

27

0 |g

n

Norsk TillHsmand ASA

will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event o f Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment o f the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation o f any material agreement or instr ument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles o f association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors o f the Issuer or with the intent o f defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights o f creditors o f any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest, in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the . effects o f any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer,
18,2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer o f its option under Clause 18,2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13,2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value o f the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;
(c) all other provisions o f the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (b) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
28

04

Norsk Tiltitsmann ASA.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders o f all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc, due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Noiwegian Limitation Act o f May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been hilly discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Register,

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments ofthis Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

29

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
(b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place o f receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a,m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed o f changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venae
18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Noiwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts o f Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.
# ifc # $
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Bond Trustee

Position: Wfex

position:

30

Norsk Tlllilsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[dd.mm.yyyy]

Dear Sirs,

Emerging Europe Land Development AS BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2012 - ISIN N00010623374

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period 24 October 2011 to 24 October 2012.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied. Copies o f our latest consolidated quarterly unaudited accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Emerging Europe Land Development AS

Enclosure: copy o f consolidated quarterly unaudited accounts

31

0 (4

Norsk Tiililsmann ASA

Attachment 2 - Convertible provisions

A

Definitions

"Conversion Date" means the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause B .l.
"Conversion Event" means the discretionary decision o f a Bondholder to convert the Bonds into Shares from and including the date falling 3 months after the Issue Date..
"Conversion Period" means the term o f the Bonds from and including the date falling 3 months after the Issue Date, subject to the Conversion Right has been exercised within the Exercise Period.
"Conversion Price" meansNOK 4, subject to adjustments as provided in Clause C.
"Conversion Right" means the right o f each Bondholder to convert each Bond at the Conversion Price into (based on the initial Conversion Price) 0.25 Shares, subject to Clauses B, C and D.
"Default Conversion Price" means NOK 1.50.
"Exercise Period" means the period commencing 3 months after the Issue Date and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date (both days inclusive), or, as the case may be, (10) Banking Day prior to the exercise day o f the Call Option (as set out in Clause 10.3.6), during which the Conversion Rights may be exercised.
"M arket Place" means a recognized stock exchange or regulated market providing material trading activity and liquidity for the Shares, always including Oslo Stock Exchange and Oslo Axess, while always excluding OTC trading or other trades via similar dealer networks.

B

Conversion terms

B .l Each Bondholder may exercise one or more o f his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the Conversion Date has the right to own Shares under the applicable law and that notification thereof is given pursuant to Clause B.4.
B,2 The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.
B.3 The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clause C.

32

CM8

NoiskTillitsmimn ASA

B.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.

Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Manager o f the number o f Bonds which shall be converted, The Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall cany the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date.

Conversion will be effected by a set-off o f the total nominal value o f the Bonds including accrued unpaid interest to be converted against the issuing o f the whole number o f shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number o f shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer.

B .5 The Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:

(a) the share capital increase is registered in the company register as soon as possible,

(b) any Remaining Bonds are being written down within the Conversion Date, and

(c) Shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Depository on the Conversion Date.

If the share capital increase is not registered in the Company Register at the Conversion Date, the Issuer shall ensure that the shares following the conversion shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).

B .6 Shares issued upon conversion give rights in the Issuer as o f the registration of the share capital increase in the Company Register, unless the general meeting o f the Issuer has resolved differently.

C

Adjustment of the Conversion Price

C.l hi the event of a capital write-down o f the Borrower's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders, shall,

(i) if the Shares are listed at a Market Place, a new Conversion Price be calculated as follows:

The share price is the average o f the weighted average o f official daily trading price on the Market Place the last three days shares are quoted including rights.

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, the Conversion Price be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid per share.

Reduction o f the share capital without repayment to the shareholders shall have no influence on the Conversion Price.

33

C(Hg

»(ids

Norsk Tillllsmann ASA
C.2 In the event o f a bonus issue o f new Shares (with the exception o f shares issued in settlement o f a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Conversion Price shall be fixed as follows:

In the event that the shares are split into more than one class o f shares, the conversion right shall be adjusted so that Bondholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless o f whether the Bondholder elects to convert prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post split. A bonus issue writing up the par value o f the shares in the Borrower shall have no influence o f the Conversion Price.

C.3 If the Conversion Price is below par value o f the Shares, par value o f the shares still applies, and the Borrower shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value o f the Shares and the Conversion Price.

D

Merger and de-merger

D, 1 If the Issuer prior to the expiry o f the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to demand the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest.

The Issuer shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest 5 - five - Banking Days after notification o f the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines o f Clause D.2.

D.2 Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying his paying agent in * the Securities Register at the latest two (2) months after notification o f the merger. The Bondholder's paying agent shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent.

Redemption shall take place 5 - five- Banking Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective.

D.3 I f a Bondholder does not use the right to request redemption according to Clause D.2, the conversion right shall be transferred to a right to convert to shares in the acquiring company on terms that are adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio o f the merger.

D.4 I f the Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders o f the acquired company receive settlement in the form o f shares only, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders o f the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to Clause 14.

34

cm

3$

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
D.5 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off, split-off or i f any other event occurs which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price, which shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause 14.
D.6 The provisions in this Clause D have no limitation on the creditor's right o f objection to the merger or de-merger.

35

cm

