ISIN NO 0010692882
BOND AGREEMENT between
General Exploration Partners, Inc. (Issuer)
ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (Ultimate Parent) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
11.5 per cent General Exploration Partners, Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018

I.

*'

%

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 10 11 12 12 12 15 17 17 18 20 22 22 28 29 32 34 37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on 11 November 2013 between
(1) General Exploration Partners, Inc. (an exempted company existing under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registration number 198520) as issuer (the "Issuer"),
(2) ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (incorporated in British Columbia Canada with incorporation number C0778647 and listed on TSX Venture Exchange (Toronto) and NASDAQ OMX First North (Stockholm)) (the "Ultimate Parent"), and
(3) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Accounts" means the Escrow Account and the Retention Account.
"Assignment of Group Loans" means an assignment by way o f security to the Bondholders represented by the Bond Trustee, to be executed for any Group Loan established. The assignment agreement to be applied is enclosed to this Agreement as Attachment 3.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment o f the Issuer's insurances (other than any third party liability insurances).
"Atrush Block" means the contract area as defined in the Atrush PSC covering an area of 269 km2 and located approximately 85 km northwest of Erbil, the capital of the Kurdistan Region o f Iraq.
"Atrush PSC" means the contract between the Issuer and the Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq under which the Issuer holds a 20.1% working interest in the Production Sharing Contract in respect o f the Atrush Block, being named "Production Sharing Contract, Atrush Block, Kurdistan Region between The Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq and General Exploration Partners, Inc." and dated 10 November 2007, with "First Amendment" dated 1 August 2010, "TPI Assignment, Novation, and Second Amendment Agreement" dated 20 October 2010 and "Assignment, Novation, and Third Amendment Agreement" dated 31 December
2012.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) o f the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the then most recent financial statements (annual or quarterly (as the case may be)) o f the Ultimate Parent.

3
v n
%

Norsk Titlitsmann ASA

"Book Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Bridge Loan" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.

"Budgeted Cash Call" means a cash call relevant to the Issuer as specified in a development work program or budget or cash call forecast provided by or on behalf o f the operator for the Atrush PSC and JOA, subject to any amendments thereto from time to time, and updated to take into account any cash calls being greater than originally budgeted.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal, as the case may be, will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).

"Calculation Date" means 30 June and 31 December each year.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Change of Control Event" means:

(i)

If persons or entities related to the Lundin family cease to own directly or

indirectly 19.50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of

the Ultimate Parent, save for dilutions resulting directly from mergers or

acquisition activities and exercise o f incentive options; or

(ii) a group or entity acquiring control over more than 50.00% of the voting share capital in the Ultimate Parent; or

(iii) a de-listing of the Ultimate Parent's shares from a stock exchange.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(a) a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or #.

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors o f that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number o f voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members o f the hoard of directors, rights held by the parent company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Encumbrances" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Escrow Account" means an account with the Paying Agent established in the name of the Issuer, to be blocked and pledged in favour o f the Bondholders represented by the Bond Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means the securities exchange or other reputable regulated market on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each o f the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto) and (iv) any other document which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree in writing to be a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount o f any liability in respect o f any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
5

Noisk Tillitsmann ASA

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) the amount of any liability in respect o f any guarantee or indemnity for any o f the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Ultimate Parent and the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and the Management Discussion and Analysis prepared by management.

"Floating Charge" means a Cayman Islands law first priority floating charge over receivables, bank accounts, intercompany claims, insurance policies and other movable assets o f the Issuer.

"Free Cash" means

(a) unrestricted cash in hand or unrestricted amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or future deposit accounts with a bank,

(b) after the Atrush field comes into production; any positive cash flow as projected by the Issuer for the relevant Liquidity Reporting Date period,

(c) time deposits with banks and certificates of deposit issued provided these are available to meet the Budgeted Cash Calls for the relevant Liquidity Reporting Date period,

(d) amount credited on the Escrow Account available to be disbursed to the Issuer, and

(e) fully committed undrawn, non-temporary credit facilities or equivalent with credit institutions provided these are available to meet the Budgeted Cash Calls for the relevant Liquidity Reporting Date period.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer or the applicable Group Company is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Ultimate Parent and all its Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Ultimate Parent or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"Group Loans" means any loan or loan stock made or, as the context may require, made available by any Group Company to the Issuer or to the Parent or ShaMaran
Pf Services. Group Loans shall not have any amortization or maturity date prior to the
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Maturity Date, and shall be folly subordinated to the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents by way of the Subordination Deed and shall have no right to accelerate for as long as the Bonds are outstanding. The Group Loans shall not pay any cash interests prior to the Maturity Date.

"Guarantees" means unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees on a joint and several basis from each and all of the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.

"G uarantors" means each of the following entities:

-

the Ultimate Parent;

-

0861963 B.C. Ltd (incorporation number BC0861963), incorporated in

British Columbia in Canada, being100% owned by the Ultimate Parent;

-

ShaMaran Petroleum Holdings Coöperatief U.A. (trade register number

34361104), incorporated in the Netherlands, being owned 1% by 0861963

B.C. Ltd and 99% by the Ultimate Parent; and

-

the Parent.

"Increased Funding Need" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.1(k),

"Interest Payment D ate" means 13 May and 13 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated and unconsolidated quarterly financial statements o f the Ultimate Parent and the unaudited unconsolidated semi annual financial statements of Issuer for the semi-annual periods ending on 30 June and 31 December each year, drawn up according to IFRS.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.

"Issue Date" means 13 November 2013.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

"Issuer Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge over 100.00% of the shares in the Issuer.

"JOA" means the Joint Operating Agreement between the Issuer and partners in the Atrush PSC named: "First Amendment to Joint Operating Agreement" dated 31 December 2012.

"Liquidity R eporting Date" means the date falling 30 calendar days after 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each calendar year.
Ut

7

N oisk Tillilsmann ASA.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means any of the following events:
(a) the Issuer reduces its direct ownership in the Atrush PSC below 20.10%;
(b) the Ultimate Parent ceases to indirectly own 100.00% of the shares in the Issuer or if the Parent ceases to directly own 100.00% of the shares in the Issuer;
(c) the Issuer invests in any assets or enter into any other activities other than solely related to the Atrush Block; or
(d) an Event o f Default occurs.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the Project Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 13 November 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means ShaMaran Ventures B.V. (trade register number 50558234), incorporated in the Netherlands, being 100% owned by ShaMaran Petroleum Holdings Coöperatief U.A.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means DNB Bank ASA, the bank appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Project Documents" means the Atrush PSC and the JOA.
"Reporting Date" means the date falling 60 calendar days after each corresponding Calculation Date.
"Retention Account" means an account with the Paying Agent established in the name of the Issuer, to be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, as further described in Clause 6.7. .
I4|
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Retention Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the hank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit o f the Issuer in the Retention Account.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(b) the Retention Account Pledge;
(c) the Floating Charge;
(d) the Assignment o f Insurances;
(e) the Issuer Share Pledge;
(f) the Assignment of Group Loans;
(g) the ShaMaran Services Share Pledge; and
(h) the Guarantees.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"ShaMaran Services" means Shamaran Services S.A., a Swiss company owned 100% by ShaMaran Petroleum B.V. which is 100% indirectly owned by the Ultimate Parent.
"ShaMaran Services Share Pledge" means a pledge over 100% of the shares in ShaMaran Services.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subordination Deed" means an agreement to be executed between each relevant Group Company and the Tmstee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) providing for the total subordination o f all monetary claims in respect of any Group Loans, with limitations on repayment, payment of interest, acceleration stop and default restrictions. The Subordination Deed to be executed upon the establishment of any Group Loan is enclosed this Agreement as Attachment 4.
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets treated as assets in accordance with IFRS, as set out in the then most recent financial statements (annual or quarterly (as the case may be)) of the Issuer.

"Total Loss" means an event where the Atrush PSC is revoked, rescinded, terminated, cancelled or otherwise cannot be enforced in accordance with its terms.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States o f America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
1*
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Tmstee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount o f USD 150,000,000 (U.S. Dollar One Hundred and Fifty Million).

The Face Value is USD 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "11.5 per cent General Exploration Partners, Inc. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO 0010692882.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The proceeds o f the Bonds shall be employed to:

(i) costs, expenses and fees relating to the issue and listing of the Bonds, including but not limited to fees to the Manager, the Trustee and the Paying Agent and legal fees to counsels of the Manager, the Trustee and the Issuer;

(ii) repay a short term loan from the Ultimate Parent to the Issuer of USD 8.2 million (the "Bridge Loan") provided in order for the Issuer to meet a cash call on 5th November 2013 under the Atrush PSC;

(iii) fund the Issuer's share of costs related to the financing, development and operation of the Atrush Block;

(iv) service 24 months of interests on the Bonds; and

(v) cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group, limited to USD 6 million per annum however limited to USD 1.5 million for the remainder of 2013.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall submit an application to list the Bonds on Oslo Stock Exchange.
Kt

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in frill.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions o f the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration o f the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement
Disbursement o f the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and to execute the Bond Agreement, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge;
(c) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the relevant Finance Documents on behalf o f the Issuer;
Ui

12
£

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) (i) Financial Statements for 2012 (unaudited and unconsolidated) for the Issuer and similar financial statements for each of the Guarantors except the Ultimate Parent, (ii) Financial Statements for 2012 (audited and consolidated) for the Ultimate Parent and (iii) Interim Accounts for 2Q 2013 (unaudited and consolidated) for the Ultimate Parent;

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event o f Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result o f the issuance of the Bonds;

(h) signed but undated resignation letters and authority to date such letters from the directors/board members o f the Issuer (at the Settlement Date) upon an Event of Default;

(i)

an irrevocable undertaking from the Parent to immediately appoint new

directors/board members in the Issuer upon further instruction from the

Bond Trustee upon an Event o f Default;

0)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond

Issue;

(k) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(l)

the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(m) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(n) any statements or legal opinions from counsel in Canada, the Netherlands, the Cayman Islands, Switzerland and Norway, reasonably required by the Bond Trustee, in respect of the Financial Documents referred to in clause 6.1, (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor thereunder and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Escrow Account Pledge);

(o) a copy o f the Project Documents as well as satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Project Documents are executed and signed by all relevant parties; and

(p) the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties and perfected

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the

account bank, to the extent required or advisable under the relevant

applicable law).

i

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.2 Pre-initial Disbursement

Disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account wilf be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the disbursement:

(a) A duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b) relevant cash calls from the operator o f the Atrush PSC or other evidence satisfactory to the Trustee that the amount to be released will be used in accordance with Clause 2.3 (iii) o f the Bond Agreement, or confirmation from the Issuer that the amount released will be used in accordance with Clause 2.3(v) of the Bond Agreement;

(c) confirmation from the Issuer that no (potential) Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing;

(d) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Retention Account has been opened;

(e) a certificate from a director o f the Issuer confirming that immediately after the first release from the Escrow Account, the Group has no other Financial Indebtedness other than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents, the Project Documents or in the ordinary course of business (the Bridge Loan will be repaid in connection with the first release from the Escrow Account by utilizing the net proceeds on the Escrow Account);

(f)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that, prior to the Settlement Date, all

the issued capital of the Issuer is in the form of fully paid in equity;

(g) necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and the Guarantors to execute the Security Documents;

(h) the Security Documents being executed and perfected;

(i)

any statements or legal opinions from counsel in Canada, the Netherlands,

the Cayman Islands, Switzerland and Norway, reasonably required by the

Trustee with respect to the validity, enforceability and perfection o f the

Security Interests under the Security Documents;

(j)

any other Finance Documents in acceptable form and are executed.

6.3 Prior to each disbursement from the Escrow Account after the initial disbursement, the Bond Trustee shall receive the following documents:

(a) relevant invoices, cash call notices, service agreements, management fees or other supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue; and

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) confirmation from the Issuer that no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

6.4 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3.

6.5 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent in Clause 6.1 are fulfilled.

6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.5, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.7 The Issuer shall upon the first release from the Escrow Account deposit into the Retention Account an amount equal to 24 months interest payable on the Bonds. Such amount shall be used to pay the first four interest payments under the Bond Issue. From the date falling 24 months after the Settlement Date, the Issuer shall transfer on a monthly basis 1/6 of the next interest payment to the Retention Account, and such amounts shall be utilized to serve interest payments.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status
It is an exempted company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws o f its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its
\M
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o f Default

(i)

No Event o f Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any o f the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it.

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

(n) The Project Documents
The Project Documents are in frill force and effect and generally capable o f being performed. None of the covenants or obligations in the Bond Agreement would breach any o f the Project Documents and there are no defaults by the Issuer under the Project Documents.

(o) Atrush PSC
There are no circumstances outstanding that allow or may allow other parties to repurchase the Issuer's interests in the Atrush PSC.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at leastpari passu with all other obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

8.3 The Issuer shall, prior to any Group Loan being established, ensure that an Assignment of Group Loans and Subordination Deed are executed by the relevant Group Companies.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 11.5 per cent (11.5%) per annum (the "Fixed R ate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 13 May 2014.

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation o f the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day of the month o f February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount Fraction

Face Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole (and not in parts) at any time from and including (Call Option):

(i)

the date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the

date falling 3 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 106.0% of

par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(ii) the date falling 3 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 104.0% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(iii) the date falling 4 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 4.5 years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.5% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(iv) the date falling 4.5 years after the Settlement Date to, but not included, the

Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.75% o f par value (plus accrued interest

on redeemed amount).

,

18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence o f a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% o f par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 day exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall, not later than 30 calendar days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, unless there is an Event o f Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem 100.0% of the outstanding Bonds as follows:

(i) from the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Settlement Date, at a price equivalent to the sum of:
a. the present value of 106.0% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Settlement Date;

b. the present value of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Settlement Date; and

c. accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds,

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

both a. and b. above calculated by using a discount rate o f 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the date falling 24 months after the Settlement Date) on the 10th business day prior to the redemption date; and
(ii) from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 24 months after the Settlement Date until, but not including the Maturity Date, such redemption shall take place at the prevailing call premiums.
The redemption notice shall be provided no later than 10 business days prior to the redemption date. For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.
Upon a Total Loss, the Issuer shall, on the earlier of (i) the date of receipt of insurance proceeds or (ii) the date occurring 180 days after the date of the Total Loss, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).
If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment clause, the entire amount on the Accounts, together with any amounts received under any insurance proceeds may be applied to prepay the Bonds.
11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

Ifno specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Tmstee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date o f the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Tmstee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment o f any unpaid fees, costs and expenses o f the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

21

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under die Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment o f any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind.
12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and forward the same to the Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and forward the same to the Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;

(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any

statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

·*.

22

Norek Tillitsmann ASA

(g) on each Liquidity Reporting Date provide the Bond Trustee with a statement that the Free Cash in the Group is sufficient to cover Budgeted Cash Calls for the Atrush PSC and JOA until the next Liquidity Reporting Date;

(h) up to and including the month the earnings from the Atrush PSC starts to accrue, provide to the Trustee semi-annual updates on the progression o f the development of the Atrush Block under the Atrush PSC, in a reporting form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(i)

if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so,

send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(j)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

inform the Bond Trustee o f its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(k) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Tmstee o f changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(l)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such above-mentioned reports referred to in Clause 13.2.1(c), (d) and (h) to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, and the Issuer shall reimburse the Bond Trustee for any reasonable costs incurred therewith.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization. .

23

Norsk Tillitsmann A.SA.

(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.

(d) Continuation o fbusiness
The Issuer shall remain a single-purpose company owning a working interest in the Atrush Block under the Atrush PSC, and not cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business.

(e) Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose o f all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

(j) Arm 's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

(g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

(i)

Security

The Issuer shall do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).

13.4 Special covenants

(a) Obligations related to the Project Documents The Issuer shall:

(i)

At all times honour any and all material obligations related to the Project

Documents in a timely manner. In the event that any such material

obligation related to the Project Documents are not honoured, or if the

Issuer or any Group Company reasonably foresees that it may not be able to

honour any such obligations fully and timely the Issuer shall immediately,

and without any further delay notify the Bond Trustee of such an event; and

(ii) meet all its obligations and enforce any rights under the Project Documents that it has to ensure that the Atrush Block, under the Atrush PSC, to the best of its knowledge at all times is operated and maintained materially in accordance with the Project Documents, including to perform and observe
14
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

all its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents, take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents.

The Issuer shall not:

(i)

in respect of any Project Documents (i) transfer by way o f assignment (or

otherwise) any of its rights and interests, whether directly or indirectly,

under the Project Documents, (ii) amend, supplement, modify or give any

consent under any Project Document or exercise any material option

thereunder, except for amendments not having any material negative impact

on the value of the Atrush PSC or the Issuer's interest in the Atrush PSC as

contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents, or (iii) agree to the

cancellation or termination of any Project Document or take any legal or

administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project

Documents, except in the event that it constitutes a substitution of the said

Project Document which is acceptable to the Bond Trustee acting

reasonably, or

(ii) agree to or permit the assignment of any rights of the Issuer under the Project Documents.

(b) Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase o f shares or make loans or other capital distributions to its shareholders (included but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party) save for an aggregate annual amount limited to USD 6 million to cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group (limited to USD 1.5 million for the remainder o f 2013).

(c) Constitutional Documents
The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents, it being understood that any amendment relating to issuance of new shares to its immediate parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise will be permitted, provided that such shares are subject to the Issuer Share Pledge or are otherwise secured in favour o f the Bond Trustee.

(d) Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) currency hedging entered into in the ordinary course of business and limited to a maximum nominal amount o f USD 10 million, and (iii) any Group Loans. For the avoidance o f doubt, any refinancing o f all (but not part) o f the Bonds where such Financial Indebtedness arises prior to the redemption of the Bonds for the express purpose of, inter alia, redeeming the Bonds in full shall be permitted where refinancing is assured. ..

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(e) Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its current or future assets or revenues or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any security contemplated by the Finance Documents from time to time and (ii) any Security arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business in connection with the Atrush PSC (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services). For the avoidance of doubt Security provided in connection with a refinancing of all (but not part) of the Bonds where Security must be provided for technical reasons before the Bonds have been redeemed, shall be permitted where refinancing is assured.

(f)

Security restriction

The Issuer shall not make any other financial or other arrangements concerning any of the Security Interests other than provided for in the Finance Documents.

(g) Financial Assistance restrictions
The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any Group Company and/or any third party, except (i) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business, Group Loans from the Parent to the Issuer and (ii) guarantees required under the Project Documents.

(h) Related party transactions
The Issuer shall not engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(i)

Subsequent Security and Subordination Deed

The Issuer shall, prior to any Group Loan being established, ensure that the Assignment of Group Loans and the Subordination Deed with respect to such Group Loan is duly executed by the relevant Group Companies.

13.5 Ultimate Parent Covenants

13.5.1 The Ultimate Parent shall

(a) deliver on its own accord the Financial Statements and quarterly Interim Accounts (on an unconsolidated basis) and for the Group (on a consolidated basis), which shall be made available on the Ultimate Parent's website (in addition to sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon they are available and not later than 180 days after the end o f the financial year and not later than 90 days after the end o f the relevant interim period. Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors);

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) have its shares remain listed on TSX Venture Exchange and/or NASDAQ OMX First North or another reputable regulated stock exchange;

(c) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make loans or other capital distributions to its shareholders (included but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party);

(d) not, and procure that no member o f the Group shall, enforce and/or accelerate any monetary claim against the Issuer, the Parent or ShaMaran Services without prior written consent o f the Bond Trustee and ensure that any monetary claims are subordinated to the Bondholders' claim in an insolvency, and subject to the Subordination Deed;

(e) not, and procure that no member o f the Group will, demand any dividend payments or other distributions from the Issuer, other than as allowed by the Bond Agreement;

(f) maintain its 100% indirect control and ownership o f the Parent and to ensure that the Parent remains 100% direct ownership and control of the Issuer;

(g) ensure that the Issuer does not sell or dispose of any material assets or operations, unless the Bonds are redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions;

(h) ensure that the Issuer, the Parent and ShaMaran Services do not de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure their business, and that no other Group Company de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure its business if such transaction has a Material Adverse Effect;

(i) (to the extent applicable) perform and observe all of its, and ensure that each Group Company observes all o f its, covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it or any Group Company is or becomes a party, to take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and to take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents; and

(j) ensure that the Issuer's Board of Directors consists of 2 directors. Upon an Event of Default, the Parent shall take all steps necessary to ensure that the incumbent directors are removed, or shall resign, from office and are replaced by 2 directors to be nominated by the Bond Trustee. In support of such contractual obligation, the Parent shall procure the delivery to the Bond Trustee of (a) signed but undated resignation letters and authority to date such letters from the current directors and any subsequent directors and (b) an irrevocable undertaking to appointing the new directors upon further instruction by the Bond Trustee upon an Event o f Default.

13.5.2

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such above-mentioned reports referred to in Clause 13.5.1(a) to the Bondholders and any other party requesting such report, and the Issuer shall reimburse the Bond Trustee for any reasonable costs incurred therewith.

27

Noisk Tillitsmann ASA
13.6 Book Equity Ratio
During the term of the Bond Issue, the Ultimate Parent shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio of minimum 40.0% at any time.
The Book Equity Ratio will apply for the Group on a consolidated basis, and it will apply at all times and it will be tested on every Calculation Date. The Book Equity Ratio will be reported within every corresponding Reporting Date.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder o f any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default o f the Bond Issue and the enforcement o f any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount o f the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date o f this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some o f the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable o f being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Tmstee.

(c) Breach o f obligations by Obligors
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to any Finance Document binding on such Obligor, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Tmstee, such failure is capable o f being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Tmstee.

(d)

Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event o f default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(e) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(f)

Insolvency

(i)

Any Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due,

suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more

of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group.

(g) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for the Issuer, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

(h) Creditors 'process
The Issuer has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

30

NorskTillitsmann ASA

(i)

Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(j)

Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Increased Funding Need
In the event the Free Cash in the Group is not sufficient to cover any Budgeted Cash Calls for the Atrush PSC and JOA until the next Liquidity Reporting Date ("Increased Funding Need"), and this is not remedied within the earliest of 60 calendar days from the relevant Liquidity Reporting Date and 15 calendar days prior to maturity date for the Budgeted Cash Call for which the Issuer is in shortfall.

(l)

Inability to make payments

The inability o f the Issuer to make any payment under the Project Documents on its original due date (to which no grace period shall apply).

15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including
accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
ih

31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, hut not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment o f any instalment shall he reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time o f distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
VK

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. Bonds owned by the Issuer or any other Group Company shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead o f the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount o f Bonds held by such Bondholder.
W4

33

Norsk T illitsmann ASA

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms o f this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6

A person (or group of persons) which directly or indirectly hold or control more than 10 % ownership in the Ultimate Parent (including through derivative structures) shall be restricted from voting for bonds if an Event of Default has occurred and for as long such Event o f Default is continuing. Such persons shall in all circumstances be restricted from vetoing any resolutions in Bondholder's Meetings requiring 2/3 majority. For the avoidance of doubt, the prohibition against adopting any resolutions which may give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders shall continue to apply.

16.3.7 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.8

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.9 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee Ha

34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event o f Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Tmstee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts o f interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring o f the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result o f gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Tmstee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent fo rtie Bond Issue.

36
cy

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

I f so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement o f the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening o f bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms o f this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership o f Bonds registered

in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

ft

37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement; (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders; (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement o f the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by

its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the

Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors

o f the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or

defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions o f the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or
Vi

38

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (j), (k) and (1), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Tmstee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantors) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e)

all other provisions o f this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall

remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

u,

39

tT*1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall he sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Tmstee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is
Im

40

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts o f Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act o f process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

41

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

GENERAL EXPLORATION PARTNERS, INC. BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 ISIN 0010692882

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.6, the Book Equity Ratio as of [date] is [XX]%.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

General Exploration Partners, Inc.

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation]

42

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

GENERAL EXPLORATION PARTNERS, INC. BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 IS IN 0010692882

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We confirm that [currency and amount] of the funds requested to be drawn will be applied to cover technical, management and administrative services within the Group in accordance with Clause 2.3(v) o f the Bond Agreement. After the requested amount has been drawn, we have in [applicable year] drawn [currency and amount] of the total available amount of USD 6 million pursuant to Clause 2.3(v) of the Bond Agreement, which leaves [currency and amount] available for the remainder o f the current calendar year.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

General Exploration Partners, Inc.

Name o fauthorized person
Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation evidencing the use offunds]
IA

43

