ISIN NO 0010657968
BOND AGREEMENT between
Siem Industries Inc. (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
1.00 per cent. Siem Industries Inc. USD 445,000,000 Senior Secured Exchangeable Bond Issue 2012/2019
41L

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Interpretation

3

2 The Bonds

8

3 Listing

9

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

9

5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds

9

6 Conditions Precedent

10

7 Representations and Warranties

11

8 Status of the Bonds and security

13

9 Interest

13

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

14

11 Payments

15

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

16

13 Covenants

16

14 Fees and expenses

19

15 Events of Default

20

16 Bondholders' meeting

22

17 The Bond Trustee

25

18 Miscellaneous

27

Attachment 1: Exchange of the Bonds and general provisions on security Attachment 2: Compliance Certificate

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on 10 September 2012 between
(1) Siem Industries Inc. (an exempted company existing under the laws of the Cayman Island with Company No. 1248) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for certain Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause, and terms relevant for Attachment 1 are defined therein):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of the Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control" occurs when any person or persons, acting together, directly or indirectly acquires control of Subsea (other than as a result of an Exempt Newco Scheme). For the avoidance of doubt a Change of Control Event shall not be triggered upon a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other transaction provided for in clause 9 of Attachment 1 provided the Issuer has fulfilled its obligations under clause 9 of Attachment 1 to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee.
3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Change of Control Notice" has the meaning set out in Clause 13.2.1(i).
"control" means (a) other than where the person or persons acquiring control is the Excepted Person or a person or persons acting together with the Excepted Person, (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent, of the voting rights of Subsea or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of Subsea's Board of Directors, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise or (b) where the person acquiring control is the Excepted Person or a person or persons acting together with the Excepted Person, the acquisition or control of more than 75 per cent, of the voting rights of Subsea and "controlled" shall be construed accordingly.
"dealing day" has the meaning set out in Attachment 1.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority o f the members of the board of directors in that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Delisting Event" means the situation where Subsea is no longer listed on any Exchange, or such listing is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive dealing days.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Excepted Person" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Bonds and/or the Subsea Shares are listed, or to which an application for listing of the Bonds and/or the Subsea Shares has been submitted.
"Exempt Newco Scheme" means a Newco Scheme where immediately after completion of the relevant scheme of arrangement the ordinary shares or units (or equivalent) of Newco are (1) admitted to listing and to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange or (2) admitted to listing and to trading on such other regulated, regularly
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
operating, recognised stock exchange or securities market as Subsea or Newco may determine.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2 .2 . 1.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit, facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note, purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price(and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) any liability in respect of any guarantee, or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraph (a) through (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated, and, to the extent required by any Exchange on which the Bonds are listed, the audited unconsolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.
"Interest Payment Date" means 12 March and 12 September each year and the Maturity Date, commencing on 12 March 2013. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 12 September 2012.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 12 September 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" or "Norwegian Kroner" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Optional Put Date" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Oslo Stock Exchange" means Oslo Børs ASA.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying and Exchange Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying and exchange agent on behalf of the Issuer in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, and, to the extent required by any
6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Exchange on which the Bonds are listed, the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each 30 June and 31 December, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Relevant Event" means a Delisting Event or a Change of Control.
"Secured Property" means:
(a) the Siem VPS Account;
(b) the Cash Account attached to the Siem VPS Account;
(c) the Subsea Shares registered on the Siem VPS Account;
(d) any and all rights derived from the securities registered on the Siem VPS Account from time to time (including without limitation any dividend shares and any subscription rights); and
(e) any cash deposited on the Cash Account.
As at the Issue Date, the "Secured Property" will be comprised of 39,893,677 Subsea Shares, representing a collateral ratio of 260 per cent, of the number of Subsea Shares underlying the Bonds at the Initial Exchange Price.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document, including but not limited to:
(a) the Share Pledge Agreement (as defined in Attachment 1).
(b) the Cash Account Pledge (as defined in Attachment 1).
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (including any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer under any Finance Documents.
"Siem VPS Account" means the account no. 07909.1227136 with the VPS in the name of the Issuer.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, administrated by Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
"Subsea" means Subsea 7 S.A.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"VPS" means the Norwegian Securities Depository System ("Verdipapirsentralen").

"VPS Account" means an investor account in VPS.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(I) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venue as decided by the Bond Trustee.

8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 445,000,000 (U.S. Dollar Fourhundredandfortyfivemillion).

Face Value is USD 200,000. The Bonds rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "1.00 per cent. Siem Industries Inc. USD 445,000,000 Senior Secured Exchangeable Bonds 2012/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 0010657968.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied towards the Issuer's general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange or any other securities exchange or reputable marketplace acceptable to the Manager.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying and Exchange Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Issuer, (ii) a Certificate of Good Standing with respect to the Issuer evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (iii) the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying and Exchange Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(j) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(k) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, and
(l) all legal opinions requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Bond Agreement, the Security Documents and any other Finance Document in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying and Exchange Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status The Issuer is an exempted limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the Finance Documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault (i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any
drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes or (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) would constitute a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Issuer's (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required to: (i) enable the Issuer to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its
obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and (ii) carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of the Issuer's knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements The most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.

(i)

No undisclosed liabilities

As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities,

direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses

from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the

Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information Any factual information provided by the Issuer to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(n) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(o) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.3 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date. In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

The Issuer's obligations under the Bonds and the Finance Documents shall be secured in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders by the Security Interest.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the Face Value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 1.00 per cent, per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 12 March 2013.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

X

Fixed

Rate

X

Fixed Rate

Day Count

Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Change of Control

10.1 Maturity

10.1.1

Unless previously purchased and cancelled, redeemed, or exchanged pursuant to the provisions set out in Attachment 1, the Bonds shall run without instalments and mature in whole at the Maturity Date at par (100%). The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer prior to the Maturity Date only in accordance with Clause 10.2 below and Clauses 10.1 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) of Attachment 1.

10.1.2

The Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligation to redeem the Bonds by exercising its Share Settlement Option with respect to all, but not some only, of the Bonds as described in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) of Attachment 1. To exercise its Share Settlement Option, the Issuer shall give a notice to such effect (the "Share Settlement Option Notice") to the Trustee and to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 not less than 35 nor more than 60 days prior to the Maturity Date.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1

The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole (but not in part only) at the Face Value, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if exchanges and/or purchases and cancellations and/or redemptions have occurred in respect of 90 per cent, or more of the Bonds originally issued (Call Option), as further set out in Attachment 1.

10.3 Put Option

10.3.1

On 12 September 2016 (the 4th anniversary of the Issue Date) (the "Optional Put Date") each Bondholder shall, for one day only, be entitled to require the Bonds redeemed at the Face Value, together with accrued and unpaid interest (Put Option), as further set out in Attachment 1.

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10.4 Exchange Right
10.4.1 Unless previously purchased and cancelled, redeemed or exchanged, each Bond may be exchanged, at the option of the holder, into fully paid Subsea Shares at any time during the Exchange Period, as further set out in Attachment 1.
10.5 Relevant Event
10.5.1 If a Relevant Event has occurred, each Bondholder shall for a period of 60 days following the notification of such Relevant Event be entitled, at its option to:
(a) require the Bonds redeemed at the Face Value, together with accrued and unpaid interest (put option); or
(b) exchange its Bonds pursuant to the provisions set out in Attachment 1.
11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2.3 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1 If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying and Exchange Agent (either directly or through its Account

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying and Exchange Agent, cash settlement may be delayed,, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, however so that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

11.4.1 The Issuer may not may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the payment date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (i), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 Covenants

13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer covenants from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clausel3.

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand is reasonably likely to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(e) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(g) without being requested to do so (if listed), inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository;

(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request; and

(i) following the occurrence of a Relevant Event, immediately after the Issuer becomes aware of it, give notice to the Bondholders via the Securities Depository (a "Change of Control Notice"), the Bond Trustee and the Exchange thereof, which notice shall specify: (i) the Exchange Price immediately prior to the occurrence of the Relevant Event, (ii) the Change of Control Exchange Price (if applicable) and the early redemption price, (iii) the Bondholders' entitlement to exercise their Exchange Rights (if applicable) or to exercise their right to require redemption of the Bonds, (iv) the Change of Control Period, and (v) all information material to Bondholders concerning the Relevant Event.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1(c), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 1 hereto (a "Compliance Certificate"), signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non compliance.
13.3 General Covenants
(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affdiated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent, of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arm's length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions.
(c) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all Group Companies will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.5 Preservation o f Security Interest
Except for the Security Interests, the Issuer:
(i) will not create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance upon all or any of the Secured Property;
(ii) will not transfer, sell, lend, part with or otherwise dispose of, or deal with, or grant any option or present or future right to acquire any of the Secured Property; and
(iii) shall procure that all amounts received by the Issuer or to which the Issuer is entitled in respect of dividends and other cash distributions in respect of the Subsea Shares comprising the Secured Property, including all amounts in respect thereof received by the Issuer in respect of Subsea Shares standing to the credit of the Siem VPS Account are paid into the Cash Account.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement, and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer (or any other person), irrespective of whether such funds are subject to Security under the Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security Interest.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14.5 If the Issuer is required by law to make a tax deduction or withholding from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required tax deduction or withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no tax deduction or withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required Tax reduction or withholding has been made.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full, within five Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default If, for the Issuer or Subsea:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iii) above of a total of USD 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies shall apply.
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement, any Finance Document or in
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency (i) The Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due,
suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of the Issuer is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer.
(f) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If, for the Issuer or Subsea:
(i) the general suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;
(iv) a resolution is resolved in order for it to be dissolved; or
(v) a substantial proportion of the assets is impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or it is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(h) Material adverse effect Any other event or circumstance occurs in relation to the Issuer or any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the conditions of the Bonds, included but not limited to, reduction of principal or interest and conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer,

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds,

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee), provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement, any Finance Document or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA i

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partly redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 .The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before taking any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community of Bondholders
18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of and/or represent, the Bondholders, in all matters included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security Interest, petitioning for bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository;
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other; (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement; (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders; (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Limitation o f claims

18.2.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.3 Access to information

18.3.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.3.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.4 Amendments

18.4.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.5 Notices, contact information

18.5.1

Written notices, warnings, summons of Bondholders' Meetings etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published on Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository;

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.5.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.5.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received;

(c) if by telefax, when received.

18.5.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.5.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

18.5.6 If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

18.5.7

If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

18.5.8 If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.6 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.6.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.6.3 below, be governed by Norwegian law.

18.6.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.6.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.6.3

This Clause 18.6 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

18.6.4 The Issuer hereby appoints Siem Kapital AS, Jerpefaret 12, 0788 Oslo, Norway as its agent for the service of process and/or any other writ, notice, order or judgment in respect of this Bond Agreement.

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: ( J C K X t l l i / C f t t h i y O

Position:

- ('n - jfte /l" .

By;
Position:

30
%

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 1 Exchange of the Bonds and general provisions on security

1

Definitions

In this Attachment 1, unless otherwise provided:
"Additional Cash Amount" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.13.2 below.
"Additional Subsea Shares" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.13.1 below.
"Cash Account" means the account (Account number 1503.30.00488) in the name of the Issuer with DNB Bank ASA into which shall be deposited all dividends and cash distributions in respect of Subsea Shares credited to the Pledged VPS Account and any other cash amounts forming part of the Secured Property received by the Issuer in respect thereof, but excluding stock lending fees, which shall be retained by the Issuer.
"Cash Account Pledge" means the first priority security by way of pledge in respect of all amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Account from time to time pursuant to a an account pledge agreement governed by Norwegian law, entered into on or about the date of the Bond Agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Cash Alternative Amount" means an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula and which shall be payable to a Bondholder in respect of an exercise of an Exchange Right, if a Cash Alternative Election is made in respect of such exercise:

I'.
N
where: CAA S
Pn
N

the Cash Alternative Amount;
the number of Subsea Shares (including, for this purpose, any fraction of a Subsea Share) to which the relevant Bondholder would have been entitled to upon exercise of such Exchange Right had a Cash Alternative Election not been made in respect of the relevant exercise or, such lesser number of Subsea Shares, as specified in the relevant Cash Alternative Election Notice;
the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share on the nth dealing day of the Cash Alternative Calculation Period, translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on such dealing day; and
20, being the number of dealing days in the Cash Alternative Calculation Period,

31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
provided that if any Dividend or other entitlement in respect of the Subsea Shares is announced on or prior to the relevant Exchange Date in circumstances where the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement in respect of such Dividend or other entitlement shall be on or after the relevant Exchange Date and if on any dealing day in the Cash Alternative Calculation Period, the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share is based on a price ex-Dividend or ex-any other entitlement, then such price shall be increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Dividend or entitlement per Subsea Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement (translated, if not in USD, into USD at the Prevailing Rate on such date of first public announcement).
"Cash Alternative Calculation Period" means:
(a) in the case of Bonds in respect of which Exchange Rights are exercised and where the relevant Exchange Date falls after the 17th Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, the period of 20 consecutive dealing days commencing on the Maturity Date;
(b) in the case of Bonds in respect of which Exchange Rights are exercised after the giving of an Optional Redemption Notice or a Tax Redemption Notice by the Issuer and where the Exchange Date falls on or prior to the tenth day prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date or Tax Redemption Date, as the case may be, the 20 consecutive dealing days commencing on the relevant due date for redemption;
(c) in the case of Bonds in respect of which Exchange Rights are exercised after the giving of a Change of Control Notice by the Issuer and where the Exchange Date falls on or prior to the last day of the Change of Control Period, the period of 20 consecutive dealing days commencing on the 3rd dealing day following the last day of the Change of Control Period;
(d) in respect of any other exercise of Exchange Rights in respect of the Bonds, the period of 20 consecutive dealing days commencing on the 3rd dealing day after the relevant Exchange Date;
"Cash Alternative Election" has the meaning provided in Clause 5 (Cash Alternative Election) below.
"Cash Alternative Election Notice" has the meaning provided in Clause 5 (Cash Alternative Election) below.
"Cash Dividend" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.3 below.
"Cash Settlement Amount" has the meaning provided in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) below.
"Change of Control Exchange Price" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.10.
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control occurs and ending 60 days following such date or, if later, 60 days following the date on which a Change of Control Notice is given as required in Clause 13.2 of the Agreement.
32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Change of Control Put Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 10.4 (Redemption at the option of a Bondholder upon Change of Control) below.
"Current Market Price" means, in respect of a Subsea Share at a particular date, the average of the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share for the five consecutive dealing days ending on the dealing day immediately preceding such date; provided that if at any time during the said five-dealing-day period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) and during some other part of that period the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement), then:
(a) if the Subsea Shares to be delivered do not rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Subsea Shares shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cum- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement); or
(b) if the Subsea Shares to be delivered do rank for the Dividend (or entitlement) in question, the Volume Weighted Average Price on the dates on which the Subsea Shares shall have been based on a price ex-Dividend (or ex- any other entitlement) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend (or entitlement),
and provided further that if on each of the said five dealing days the Volume Weighted Average Price shall have been based on a price cum-Dividend (or cumany other entitlement) in respect of a Dividend (or other entitlement) which has been declared or announced but the Subsea Shares to be delivered do not rank for that Dividend (or other entitlement) the Volume Weighted Average Price on each of such dates shall for the purposes of this definition be deemed to be the amount thereof reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any such Dividend or entitlement per Ordinary Share as at the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement,
and provided further that, if the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share is not available on one or more of the said five dealing days, then the average of such Volume Weighted Average Prices which are available in that five-dealing-day period shall be used (subject to a minimum of two such prices) and if only one, or no, such Volume Weighted Average Price is available in the relevant period the Current Market Price shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser.
"dealing day" means a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange or relevant stock exchange or securities market is open for business, (other than a day on which the Relevant Stock Exchange or relevant stock exchange or securities market is scheduled to or does close prior to its regular weekday closing time).
33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Delivery Date" means the third dealing day following the relevant Exchange Date or Reference Date or, if such day is not a Business Day, the first Business Day thereafter.
"Determination Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 13 (Substitution of and withdrawal from the Secured Property) below.
"Dividend" means any dividend or any form of distribution to Shareholders (including a Spin-Off) whether of cash, assets or other property, and whenever paid or made and however described (and for these purposes a distribution of assets includes without limitation an issue of Subsea Shares, or other Securities credited as fully or partly paid up by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves) provided that:
(a) where a Dividend in cash is announced which is to be, or may at the election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by the issue or delivery of Subsea Shares or other property or assets, or where a capitalisation of profits or reserves is announced which is to be, or may at the election of a Shareholder or Shareholders be, satisfied by the payment of the Dividend in cash, then for the purposes of this definition the Dividend in question shall be treated as a Cash Dividend of the greater of (i) such cash amount and (ii) the Fair Market Value (on the date of the first public announcement of such Dividend or capitalisation (as the case may be) or if later, the date on which the number of Subsea Shares (or amount of property or assets, as the case may be) which may be delivered is determined), of such Subsea Shares or other property or assets;
(b) any issue of Subsea Shares falling within Clause 4.2 shall be disregarded;
(c) a purchase or redemption or buy back of share capital of Subsea by Subsea or any Subsidiary of Subsea shall not constitute a Dividend unless, in the case of purchases, redemptions or buy backs of Subsea Shares by or on behalf of Subsea or any of its Subsidiaries, the weighted average price per Ordinary Share (before expenses) on any one day (a "Specified Share Day") in respect of such purchases, redemptions or buy backs (translated, if not in Norwegian Kroner, into Norwegian Kroner at the spot rate ruling at the close of business on such day as determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser (or if no such rate is available on that date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such rate is available)), exceeds by more than 5 per cent, the average of the closing prices of the Subsea Shares on the Relevant Stock Exchange (as published by or derived from the Relevant Stock Exchange) on the five dealing days immediately preceding the Specified Share Day or, where an announcement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt for these purposes, any general authority for such purchases approved by a general meeting of Shareholders or any notice convening such a meeting of Shareholders) has been made of the intention to purchase Subsea Shares at some future date at a specified price, on the five dealing days immediately preceding the date of such announcement, in which case such purchase shall be deemed to constitute a cash Dividend in Norwegian Kroner to the extent that the aggregate price paid (before expenses) in respect of such Subsea Shares purchased by the Issuer or, as the case may be, any of its Subsidiaries (translated where appropriate into Norwegian Kroner as provided above) exceeds the product of (i) 105 per cent, of the average closing price of the
34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Subsea Shares determined as aforesaid and (ii) the number of Subsea Shares so purchased; and
(d) if Subsea or any of its Subsidiaries shall purchase any receipts or certificates representing Subsea Shares, the provisions of paragraph (c) shall be applied in respect thereof in such manner and with such modifications (if any) as shall be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser.
"equity share capital" means, in relation to a company, its issued share capital excluding any part thereof which, neither as regards dividends, nor as regards capital, carries any right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution.
"Exchange" has the meaning provided in Clause 2 below.
"Exchange Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 3.3 below.
"Exchange Notice" has the meaning provided in Clause 3 (Procedure for exercise of Exchange Right) below.
"Exchange Period" means the period beginning on and including 1 November 2012 and ending on and including the earlier to occur of:
(a) the close of business on the date falling ten days prior to the Maturity Date; and
(b) if the Bonds shall have been called for redemption by the Issuer before the Maturity Date, the close of business on the day which is ten days before the date fixed for redemption.
"Exchange Price" has the meaning provided in Clause 2 (Exchange terms) below.
"Exchange Right" has the meaning provided in Clause 2 (Exchange terms) below.
"Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any property on any date, the fair market value of that property as determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser provided, that (i) the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend paid or to be paid shall be the amount of such Cash Dividend; (ii) the Fair Market Value of any other cash amount shall be the amount of such cash; (iii) where Securities, Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded in a market of adequate liquidity (as determined by an Independent Financial Adviser (or, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent)), the fair market value (a) of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily Volume Weighted Average Prices of such Securities or Spin-Off Securities and (b) of such options, warrants or other rights shall equal the arithmetic mean of the daily closing prices of such options, warrants or other rights, in the case of both (a) and (b) during the period of five trading days on the relevant market commencing on such date (or, if later, the first such trading day such Securities or Spin-Off Securities, options, warrants or other rights are publicly traded); and (iv) in the case of (i) converted into Norwegian Kroner (if declared or paid in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at the rate of exchange used to determine the amount payable to Shareholders who were paid or are to be paid or are entitled to be paid the Cash Dividend in Norwegian Kroner; and in any other case, converted into Norwegian Kroner (if expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner) at such rate of exchange as may be
35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on that date (or if no such rate is available on that date the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such a rate is available).
"indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised" means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash.
"Independent Financial Adviser" means an independent investment bank of international repute appointed by the Issuer and approved in writing by the Bond Trustee or, if the Issuer fails to make such appointment and such failure continues for a reasonable period (as determined by the Bond Trustee) and the Bond Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against the costs, fees and expenses of such adviser, appointed by the Bond Trustee following notification to the Issuer.
"Initial Exchange Price" has the meaning provided in Clause 2 (Exchange terms) below.
"Minimum Threshold" has the meaning provided in Clause 13 (Substitution of and withdrawal from the Secured Property) below.
"Newco Scheme" means a scheme of arrangement or analogous proceeding which effects the interposition of a limited liability company ("Newco") between the Shareholders of Subsea immediately prior to the scheme of arrangement or analogous proceeding (the "Existing Shareholders") and Subsea; provided that only ordinary shares of Newco are issued to Existing Shareholders and that immediately after completion of the scheme of arrangement the only shareholders of Newco are the Existing Shareholders and that all Subsidiaries of Subsea immediately prior to the scheme of arrangement (other than Newco, if Newco is then a Subsidiary of Subsea) are Subsidiaries of Subsea immediately after the scheme of arrangement.
"Non-Cash Dividend" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.3 below.
"Optional Redemption Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 10.1 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) below.
"Optional Redemption Notice" has the meaning provided in Clause 10.1 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) below.
"Original Number of Subsea Shares" has the meaning provided in Clause 5 (Cash Alternative Election) below.
"Permitted Share Withdrawal" has the meaning provided in Clause 13 (Substitution and withdrawal from the Secured Property) below.
"Permitted Substitution" has the meaning provided in Clause 13 (Substitution of and withdrawal from the Secured Property) below.
36

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Pledge Agreement" means the Share Pledge Agreement and the Cash Account Pledge.
"Pledged VPS Accounts" means the Siem VPS Account.
"Prevailing Rate" means, in respect of any dealing day, the noon buying rate on that day for cable transfers of Norwegian Kroner as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or if on such dealing day such rate is not available, such rate prevailing on the immediately preceding day on which such rate is so available.
"Put Option Exercise Notice" has the meaning provided in Clause 10.5 below.
"Redemption Date" means the Maturity Date, the Optional Redemption Date, the Tax Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Change of Control Put Date.
"Redemption Settlement Shares" has the meaning provided in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) below.
"Reference Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.13 (Retroactive Adjustments) below.
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Bond, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due and (ii) if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given by the Issuer or to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement that such payment will be made, provided that such payment is in fact made as provided in this Attachment 1.
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means the Oslo Stock Exchange or if at the relevant time the Subsea Shares are not at that time listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the principal stock exchange or securities market on which the Subsea Shares are then listed or quoted or dealt in.
"Retained Subsea Shares" means Subsea Shares standing to the credit of the Pledged VPS Account.
"Retroactive Adjustment" has the meaning provided in Clause 4.13 (Retroactive Adjustments) below.
"Securities" means any securities including, without limitation, Subsea Shares, or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase or acquire Subsea Shares (but shall exclude any U.S. Treasury Securities)."Share Pledge Agreement" means the first priority security by way of pledge in respect of the Siem VPS Account, together with all monies paid or payable in respect of the Siem VPS Account pursuant to a pledge agreement governed by Norwegian law, entered into on or about the date of the Bond Agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Share Settlement Market Price" has the meaning provided in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) below.
37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Share Settlement Option" has the meaning provided in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) below.
"Shareholders" means the holders of Subsea Shares.
"Specified Date" has the meaning provided in 4.7 and 4.8, as the case may be.
"Spin-Off' means:
(a) a distribution of Spin-Off Securities by Subsea to Shareholders as a class; or
(b) any issue, transfer or delivery of any property or assets (including cash or shares or securities of or in or issued or allotted by any entity) by any entity (other than Subsea) to Shareholders as a class or, in the case of or in connection with a Newco Scheme, Existing Shareholders, as a class (but excluding the issue and allotment of shares by Newco to Existing Shareholders), pursuant in each case to any arrangements with Subsea or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Spin-Off Securities" means equity share capital of an entity other than Subsea or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase equity share capital of an entity other than Subsea.
"Subsea Shares" means fully paid common shares in the capital of Subsea currently with a par value of USD 2.00 each.
"Tax Redemption Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) below.
"Tax Redemption Notice" has the meaning provided in Clause 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) below.
"Valuation Date" has the meaning provided in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) below.
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, in respect of a Subsea Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security on any dealing day, the volume-weighted average price of a Subsea Share, Security or, as the case may be, a Spin-Off Security published by or derived (in the case of a Subsea Share) from the Relevant Stock Exchange or (in the case of a Security or Spin-Off Security) from the principal stock exchange or securities market on which such Securities or Spin-Off Securities are then listed or quoted or dealt in, if any or, in any such case, such other source as shall be determined to be appropriate by an Independent Financial Adviser on such dealing day, provided that if on any such dealing day where such price is not available or cannot otherwise be determined as provided above, the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share, Security or a Spin-Off Security, as the case may be, in respect of such dealing day shall be the Volume Weighted Average Price, determined as provided above, on the immediately preceding dealing day on which the same can be so determined.
References to any issue or offer or grant to Shareholders or Existing Shareholders "as a class" or "by way of rights" shall be taken to be references to an issue or offer or grant to all or substantially all Shareholders or Existing Shareholders, as the case
38

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

may be, other than Shareholders or Existing Shareholders, as the case may be, to whom, by reason of the laws of any territory or requirements of any recognised regulatory body or any other stock exchange or securities market in any territory or in connection with fractional entitlements, it is determined not to make such issue or offer or grant.

In making any calculation or determination of Current Market Price or Volume Weighted Average Price, such adjustments (if any) shall be made as an Independent Financial Adviser considers appropriate to reflect any consolidation or sub-division of the Subsea Shares or any issue of Subsea Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves, or any like or similar event.

2

Exchange terms

2.1 Subject as provided below and to the right of the Issuer to make a Cash Alternative Election under Clause 5 (Cash Alternative Election) each Bond shall entitle the holder (an "Exchange Right") to exchange ("Exchange") such Bond for Subsea Shares, credited as fully paid, subject to and as provided in this Attachment 1.
2.2 Subject as provided in Clause 5 (Cash Alternative Election), the number of Subsea Shares to be delivered on exercise of an Exchange Right shall be determined by dividing the Face Value by the exchange price (the "Exchange Price") in effect on the relevant Exchange Date.
2.3 The initial Exchange Price is USD 29.0021 per Subsea Share. The Exchange Price is subject to adjustment in the circumstances described in Clause 4 (Adjustment to the Exchange Price) below.
2.4 Subject to, and as provided in this Attachment, the Exchange Right in respect of a Bond may be exercised, at the option of the holder thereof, in the Exchange Period (subject to any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations and as hereinafter provided).
2.5 Exchange Rights may not be exercised (i) following the giving of notice by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 15 (Events of Default) in the Bond Agreement or (ii) in respect of a Bond in respect of which the relevant holder has exercised its right to require the Issuer to redeem pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Redemption at the option of the Bondholders upon Change of Control).
2.6 The Exchange Right cannot be separated from the Bond, and may not be exercised in respect of any fractions of Bonds.
2.7 Fractions of Subsea Shares will not be delivered on exercise of Exchange Rights or pursuant to Clause 4.13 (Retroactive Adjustments) and no cash payment will be made in lieu thereof. If the Exchange Right in respect of more than one Bond is exercised at any one time such that Subsea Shares to be delivered on exchange or pursuant to Clause 4.13 (Retroactive Adjustments) are to be registered in the same name, the number of such Subsea Shares to be delivered in respect thereof shall be calculated on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of such Bonds being so converted and rounded down to the nearest whole number of Subsea Shares.

39

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3

Procedure for exercise of Exchange Rights

3.1 The Exchange Right may be exercised by a Bondholder during the Exchange Period by delivering to the Paying and Exchange Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed and signed notice of exchange (an "Exchange Notice").

3.2 An Exchange Notice, once delivered, shall be irrevocable.

3.3 The exchange date in respect of a Bond (the "Exchange Date") shall be the Business Day immediately following the date of the delivery of the Exchange Notice to the Paying and Exchange Agent.

3.4 The exchange of Bonds with the relevant amount of Subsea Shares shall be effected by a set-off of the total denomination of the Bonds to be exchanged against the total Exchange Price for the Subsea Shares to be exchanged for said Bonds.

3.5 The Issuer will procure that Subsea Shares to be delivered or transferred on exchange will be delivered or transferred to the holder of the Bonds completing the relevant Exchange Notice or his nominee in electronic form through the facilities of the VPS to such VPS Account as specified by the Bondholder in the relevant Exchange Notice. Such Subsea Shares will be delivered on or prior to the Delivery Date. Any Additional Subsea Shares to be delivered pursuant to Clause 4.13 (Retroactive Adjustments) will be deemed to be delivered as of the date the relevant Retroactive Adjustment takes effect or as at the date of issue of Subsea Shares if the adjustment results from the issue of Subsea Shares (each such date, the "Reference Date").

4

Adjustments of Exchange Price

Upon the happening of any of the events described below, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted as follows:
4.1 If and whenever there shall be a consolidation, reclassification or subdivision in relation to the Subsea Shares, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision by the following fraction:

A B

where:

A

is the aggregate number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately before such

consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be; and

B

is the aggregate number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately after, and as

a result of, such consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case

may be.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date the consolidation, reclassification or subdivision, as the case may be, takes effect.

40

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.2 If and whenever Subsea shall issue any Subsea Shares credited as fully paid to the Shareholders by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve) other than (1) where any such Subsea Shares are or are to be issued instead of the whole or part of a Dividend in cash which the Shareholders would or could otherwise have elected to receive or (2) where the Shareholders may elect to receive a Dividend in cash in lieu of such Subsea Shares, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such issue by the following fraction:

A B

where:

A

is the aggregate nominal amount of the issued Subsea Shares immediately

before such issue; and

B

is the aggregate nominal amount of the issued Subsea Shares immediately

after such issue.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Subsea Shares.
4.3 If and whenever Subsea shall pay or make any Dividend to Shareholders, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to the relevant Dividend by the following fraction:

A-B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Subsea Share on the dealing day

immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the

relevant Dividend or, in the case of a purchase of Subsea Shares or any

receipts or certificates representing shares by or on behalf of Subsea or any

Subsidiary of Subsea, on which such Subsea Shares are purchased or, in the

case of a Spin-Off, is the mean of the Volume Weighted Average Prices of a

Subsea Share for the five consecutive dealing days ending on the dealing

day immediately preceding the first date on which the Subsea Shares are

traded ex- the relevant Spin-Off; and

B

is the portion of the Fair Market Value, with such portion being determined

by dividing the Fair Market Value of the aggregate Dividend by the number

of Subsea Shares entitled to receive the relevant Dividend (or, in the case of

a purchase of Subsea Shares or any receipts or certificates representing

shares by or on behalf of Subsea or any Subsidiary of Subsea, by the

number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately prior to such purchase), of

the Dividend attributable to one Ordinary Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date on which the relevant Dividend is paid or made or, in the case of a purchase of Subsea Shares or any receipts or certificates representing Subsea Shares, on the date such purchase is made or, in any

41

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

such case if later, the first date upon which the Fair Market Value of the relevant Dividend is capable of being determined as provided herein.

For the purposes of the above, the Fair Market Value of a Cash Dividend shall (subject as provided in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend" and in the definition of "Fair Market Value") be determined as at the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Dividend, and in the case of a Non-Cash Dividend, the Fair Market Value of the relevant Dividend shall be the Fair Market Value of the relevant Spin-Off Securities or, as the case may be, the relevant property or assets.

"Non-Cash Dividend" means any Dividend which is not a Cash Dividend, and shall include a Spin-Off.

"Cash Dividend" means (i) any Dividend which is to be paid or made in cash (in whatever currency), but other than falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of "Spin-Off' and (ii) any Dividend determined to be a Cash Dividend pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of "Dividend", and for the avoidance of doubt, a Dividend falling within paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition of "Dividend" shall be treated as being a Non-Cash Dividend.

4.4 If and whenever Subsea shall issue Subsea Shares to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, or issue or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights, options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Subsea Shares, in each case at a price per Ordinary Share which is less than 95 per cent, of the Current Market Price per Ordinary Share on the dealing day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of the issue or grant of such Subsea Shares, options, warrants or other rights, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A+B A+C
where:

A

is the number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately before such

announcement;

B

is the number of Subsea Shares which the aggregate amount (if any) payable

for the Subsea Shares issued by way of rights, or for the options or warrants

or other rights issued by way of rights and for the total number of Subsea

Shares deliverable on the exercise thereof, would purchase at such Current

Market Price per Subsea Share; and

C

is the number of Subsea Shares issued or, as the case may be, the maximum

number of Subsea Shares which may be issued upon exercise of such

options, warrants or rights calculated as at the date of issue of such options,

warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Subsea Shares are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Relevant Stock Exchange.

42

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.5 If and whenever Subsea shall issue any Securities (other than a Subsea Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Subsea Shares) to Shareholders as a class by way of rights or grant to Shareholders as a class by way of rights any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Securities (other than Subsea Shares or options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase Subsea Shares), the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A-B A
where:
A is the Current Market Price of one Subsea Share on the dealing day immediately preceding the first date on which the terms of such issue or grant are publicly announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the portion of

the rights attributable to one Subsea Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Subsea Shares
are traded ex-rights, ex-options or ex-warrants on the Relevant Stock Exchange.
4.6 If and whenever Subsea shall issue (otherwise than as mentioned in Clause 4.4 above) wholly for cash or for no consideration any Subsea Shares (other than Subsea Shares delivered on exchange of the Bonds or on the exercise of any rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for or purchase of, Subsea Shares) or issue or grant (otherwise than as mentioned in Clause 4.4 above) wholly for cash or for no consideration any options, warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any Subsea Shares (other than the Bonds), in each case at a price per Subsea Share which is less than 95 per cent, of the Current Market Price per Subsea Share on the dealing day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of such issue or grant, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such issue or grant by the following fraction:

A+B A +C
where:

A

is the number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately before the issue of

such Subsea Shares or the grant of such options, warrants or rights;

B

is the number of Subsea Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any)

receivable for the issue of such Subsea Shares or, as the case may be, for the

Subsea Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of

any such options, warrants or rights, would purchase at such Current Market

Price per Ordinary Share; and

43

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

C

is the number of Subsea Shares to be issued pursuant to such issue of such

Subsea Shares or, as the case may be, the maximum number of Subsea

Shares which may be issued upon exercise of such options, warrants or

rights calculated as at the date of issue of such options, warrants or rights.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Subsea Shares or, as the case may be, the grant of such options, warrants or rights.

4.7 If and whenever Subsea or any Subsidiary of Subsea or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer, Subsea or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or Subsea) any other company, person or entity (otherwise than as mentioned in Clauses 4.4, 4.5 or 4.6 above) shall issue wholly for cash or for no consideration any Securities (other than the Bonds), which by their terms of issue carry (directly or indirectly) rights of conversion into, or exchange or subscription for, Subsea Shares (or shall grant any such rights in respect of existing Securities so issued) or Securities which by their terms might be redesignated as Subsea Shares, and the consideration per Subsea Share receivable upon conversion, exchange, subscription or redesignation is less than 95 per cent, of the Current Market Price per Subsea Share on the dealing day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or the terms of such grant), the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such issue (or grant) by the following fraction:

A+B A +C

where:

A

is the number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately before such issue or

grant (but where the relevant Securities carry rights of conversion into or

rights of exchange or subscription for Subsea Shares which have been

issued by Subsea for the purposes of or in connection with such issue, less

the number of such Subsea Shares so issued);

B

is the number of Subsea Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any)

receivable for the Subsea Shares to be issued or otherwise made available

upon conversion or exchange or upon exercise of the right of subscription

attached to such Securities or, as the case may be, for the Subsea Shares to

be issued or to arise from any such redesignation would purchase at such

Current Market Price per Subsea Share; and

C

is the maximum number of Subsea Shares to be issued or otherwise made

available upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or upon the

exercise of such right of subscription attached thereto at the initial

conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate or, as the case may be,

the maximum number of Subsea Shares which may be issued or arise from

any such redesignation,

provided that if at the time of issue of the relevant Securities or date of grant of such rights (as used in this Clause 4.7 the "Specified Date") such number of Subsea Shares is to be determined by reference to the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may
44

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or, as the case may be, such Securities are redesignated or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this Clause 4.7, "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange, subscription, purchase or acquisition or, as the case may be, redesignation had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, the grant of such rights.

4.8 If and whenever there shall be any modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to any such Securities (other than the Bonds), as are mentioned in Clause 4.7 above (other than in accordance with the terms (including terms as to adjustment) applicable to such Securities upon issue) so that following such modification the consideration per Subsea Share receivable has been reduced and is less than 95 per cent, of the Current Market Price per Subsea Share on the dealing day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of the proposals for such modification, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately prior to such modification by the following fraction:

A+B A +c

where:

A

is the number of Subsea Shares in issue immediately before such

modification (but where the relevant Securities carry rights of conversion

into or rights of exchange or subscription for Subsea Shares which have

been issued, purchased or acquired by Subsea or any Subsidiary of Subsea

(or at the direction or request or pursuant to any arrangements with Subsea

or any Subsidiary of Subsea) for the purposes of or in connection with such

issue, less the number of such Subsea Shares so issued, purchased or

acquired);

B

is the number of Subsea Shares which the aggregate consideration (if any)

receivable for the Subsea Shares to be issued or otherwise made available

upon conversion or exchange or upon exercise of the right of subscription

attached to the Securities so modified would purchase at such Current

Market Price per Subsea Share or, if lower, the existing conversion,

exchange or subscription price of such Securities; and

C

is the maximum number of Subsea Shares which may be issued or otherwise

made available upon conversion or exchange of such Securities or upon the

exercise of such rights of subscription attached thereto at the modified

conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate but giving credit in such

manner as an Independent Financial Adviser shall consider appropriate for

any previous adjustment under this Clause 4.8 or Clause 4.7 above,

provided that if at the time of such modification (as used in this Clause 4.8 the "Specified Date") such number of Subsea Shares is to be determined by reference to
45

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

the application of a formula or other variable feature or the occurrence of any event at some subsequent time (which may be when such Securities are converted or exchanged or rights of subscription are exercised or at such other time as may be provided) then for the purposes of this Clause 4.8, "C" shall be determined by the application of such formula or variable feature or as if the relevant event occurs or had occurred as at the Specified Date and as if such conversion, exchange or subscription had taken place on the Specified Date.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the date of modification of the rights of conversion, exchange or subscription attaching to such Securities.

4.9 If and whenever Subsea or any Subsidiary of Subsea or (at the direction or request of or pursuant to any arrangements with the Issuer, Subsea or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or Subsea) any other company, person or entity shall offer any Securities in connection with which offer Shareholders as a class are entitled to participate in arrangements whereby such Securities may be acquired by them (except where the Exchange Price falls to be adjusted under Clauses 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.6 or 4.7 above or 4.10 below (or would fall to be so adjusted if the relevant issue or grant was at less than 95 per cent, of the Current Market Price per Subsea Share on the relevant dealing day) or under Clause 4.5 above) the Exchange Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exchange Price in force immediately before the making of such offer by the following fraction:

A-B A

where:

A

is the Current Market Price of one Subsea Share on the dealing day

immediately preceding the date on which the terms of such offer are first

publicly announced; and

B

is the Fair Market Value on the date of such announcement of the portion of

the relevant offer attributable to one Subsea Share.

Such adjustment shall become effective on the first date on which the Subsea Shares are traded ex-rights on the Relevant Stock Exchange.
4.10 If a Change of Control shall occur, then upon any exercise of Exchange Rights where the Exchange Date falls during the Change of Control Period, the Exchange Price (the "Change of Control Exchange Price") shall be determined as set out below, but in each case adjusted, if appropriate, under this Clause 4.

COCEP = OEP / (1 + (EP x C/T))

where:

COCEP OEP
EP

= means the Change of Control Exchange Price = means the Exchange Price in effect immediately prior to the Change of
Control = means 30 per cent, (expressed as fraction)

46

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

C

= means the number of days from and including the date the Change of

Control occurs to but excluding the Maturity Date

T

= means the number of days from and including the Issue Date to but

excluding the Maturity Date

4.11 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment pursuant to this Clause 4 (Adjustment of Exchange Price) have already resulted or will result in an adjustment to the Exchange Price or where the events or circumstances giving rise to any adjustment arise by virtue of any other events or circumstances which have already given or will give rise to an adjustment to the Exchange Price or where more than one event which gives rise to an adjustment to the Exchange Price occurs within such a short period of time that, in the opinion of the Issuer, a modification to the operation of the adjustment provisions is required to give the intended result, such modification shall be made to the operation of the adjustment provisions as may be advised by an Independent Financial Adviser to be in its opinion appropriate to give the intended result and provided further that, for the avoidance of doubt, the issue of Subsea Shares pursuant to the exercise of Exchange Rights shall not result in an adjustment to the Exchange Price.

4.12 For the purpose of any calculation of the consideration receivable or price pursuant to Clauses 4.4, 4.6, 4.7 and 4.8 the following provisions shall apply:

(a) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Subsea Shares issued for cash shall be the amount of such cash;

(b) (x) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Subsea Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the conversion or exchange of any Securities shall be deemed to be the consideration or price received or receivable for any such Securities and (y) the aggregate consideration receivable or price for Subsea Shares to be issued or otherwise made available upon the exercise of rights of subscription attached to any Securities or upon the exercise of any options, warrants or rights shall be deemed to be that part (which may be the whole) of the consideration or price received or receivable for such Securities or, as the case may be, for such options, warrants or rights which are attributed by the Issuer to such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights or, if no part of such consideration or price is so attributed, the Fair Market Value of such rights of subscription or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights as at the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities or, as the case may be, such options, warrants or rights, plus in the case of each of (x) and (y) above, the additional minimum consideration receivable or price (if any) upon the conversion or exchange of such Securities, or upon the exercise of such rights or subscription attached thereto or, as the case may be, upon exercise of such options, warrants or rights and (z) the consideration receivable or price per Subsea Share upon the conversion or exchange of, or upon the exercise of such rights of subscription attached to, such Securities or, as the case may be, upon the exercise of such options, warrants or rights shall be the aggregate consideration or price referred to in (x) or (y) above (as the case may be) divided by the number of Subsea Shares to be issued upon such conversion or

47

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

exchange or exercise at the initial conversion, exchange or subscription price or rate;

(c) if the consideration or price determined pursuant to (a) or (b) above (or any component thereof) shall be expressed in a currency other than Norwegian Kroner it shall be converted into Norwegian Kroner at such rate of exchange as may be determined in good faith by an Independent Financial Adviser to be the spot rate ruling at the close of business on the date of the first public announcement of the terms of issue of such Securities (or if no such rate is available on that date, the equivalent rate on the immediately preceding date on which such rate is available); and

(d) in determining consideration or price pursuant to the above, no deduction shall be made for any commissions or fees (howsoever described) or any expenses paid or incurred for any underwriting, placing or management of the issue of the relevant Subsea Shares or Securities or otherwise in connection therewith.

4.13 Retroactive Adjustments

4.13.1

Subject as provided in Clause 4.13.2 below, if the Delivery Date in relation to any Subsea Shares to be delivered on exchange of any Bond or otherwise pursuant to the provisions of this Attachment shall be after any consolidation, reclassification or sub division as is mentioned in Clause 4.1, or after the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement for any such issue, distribution, grant or offer (as the case may be) as is mentioned in Clause 4.2, 4.3 comprising a cash Dividend, 4.4, 4.5 or 4.9, or after any such issue or grant as is mentioned in Clause 4.6 and 4.7, in any case in circumstances where the relevant Exchange Date falls before the relevant adjustment becomes effective under Clause 4 (Adjustment of Exchange Price) (such adjustment, a "Retroactive Adjustment"), then the Issuer shall (conditional upon the relevant adjustment becoming effective) procure that there shall be delivered to the exchanging Bondholder, in accordance with the instructions contained in the Exchange Notice, such additional number of Subsea Shares (if any) (the "Additional Subsea Shares") as, together with the Subsea Shares delivered on exchange of the relevant Bond (together with any fraction of a Subsea Share not so delivered), is equal to the number of Subsea Shares which would have been required to be delivered on exchange of such Bond if the relevant adjustment (more particularly referred to in the said provisions of Clause 4 (Adjustment of Exchange Price) to the Exchange Price had in fact been made and become effective immediately prior to the relevant Exchange Date.

4.13.2

If a Cash Alternative Election shall have been made in respect of the relevant exercise of Exchange Rights, then the exchanging Bondholder shall not be entitled to receive such Additional Subsea Shares but shall instead be paid an additional amount (the "Additional Cash Amount") equal to the Cash Alternative Market Price on the relevant Reference Date (or, if that is not a dealing day, on the next following dealing day) of the Additional Subsea Shares (including, for this purpose, any fraction of a Subsea Share).

4.13.3 "Cash Alternative Market Price" means the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share on the Reference Date, provided that if any Dividend or other entitlement in respect of the Subsea Shares is announced on or prior to the relevant

48

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Exchange Date in circumstances where the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement in respect of such Dividend or other entitlement shall be on or after the relevant Exchange Date and if on the Reference Date the Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Shares is based on a price ex-Dividend or ex any other entitlement, then such price shall be increased by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Dividend or entitlement per Subsea Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement.
4.14 If any doubt shall arise as to the appropriate adjustment to the Exchange Price, and following consultation between the Issuer and an Independent Financial Adviser, a written opinion of such Independent Financial Adviser in respect of such adjustment to the Exchange Price shall be conclusive and binding on all concerned, save in the case of manifest error.
4.15 No adjustment will be made to the Exchange Price where Subsea Shares or other Securities (including rights, warrants and options) are issued, offered, exercised, allotted, appropriated, modified or granted to, or for the benefit of, employees or former employees (including Directors holding or formerly holding executive office or the personal service company of any such person) or their spouses or relatives, in each case, of Subsea or any of its Subsidiaries or any associated company or to trustees to be held for the benefit of any such person, in any such case pursuant to any employees' share or option scheme.
4.16 On any adjustment, the resultant Exchange Price, if not an integral multiple of USD 0.01, shall be rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of USD 0.01. No adjustment shall be made to the Exchange Price where such adjustment (rounded down if applicable) would be less than one per cent, of the Exchange Price then in effect. Any adjustment not required to be made, and/or any amount by which the Exchange Price has been rounded down, shall be earned forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment, and such subsequent adjustment shall be made on the basis that the adjustment not required to be made had been made at the relevant time.
Notice of any adjustments to the Exchange Price shall be given by the Issuer to Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement and the Bond Trustee promptly after the determination thereof.
4.17 If the Issuer determines that an adjustment should be made to the Exchange Price as a result of one or more circumstances not referred to above in this Clause 4 (Adjustment of Exchange Price) (even if the relevant circumstance is specifically excluded from the operation of Clauses 4.1 to 4.10 above), the Issuer shall, at its own expense and acting reasonably, request an Independent Financial Adviser to determine as soon as practicable what adjustment (if any) to the Exchange Price is fair and reasonable to take account thereof and the date on which such adjustment should take effect and upon such determination such adjustment (if any) shall be made and shall take effect in accordance with such determination, provided that an adjustment shall only be made pursuant to this Clause 4.17 if such Independent Financial Adviser is so requested to make such a determination not more than 21 days after the date on which the relevant circumstance arises and if the adjustment would result in a reduction to the Exchange Price.
49

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5

Cash Alternative Election

5.1 Upon exercise of an Exchange Right, the Issuer may make a cash election (a "Cash Alternative Election") by giving notice (a "Cash Alternative Election Notice") by not later than the date falling two dealing days following the relevant Exchange Date to the person specified for that purpose in the relevant Exchange Notice. The Cash Alternative Election Notice shall specify whether the Cash Alternative Election is being made in respect of all the Subsea Shares that would otherwise be required to be delivered upon exercise of such Exchange Right or in respect of a lesser, specified number of Subsea Shares, and in the absence thereof the Cash Alternative Election shall be deemed to have been made in respect of all the Subsea Shares that otherwise would have been deliverable upon exercise of such Exchange Right.

5.2 If a Cash Alternative Election Notice shall specify that the Cash Alternative Election is being made in respect of less than all the Subsea Shares that would otherwise be required to be delivered upon exercise of the relevant Exchange Right (the "Original Number of Subsea Shares"), references to the number of Subsea Shares to be delivered on such exercise (or the like) shall be construed as a reference to the Original Number of Subsea Shares less the number of Subsea Shares specified in the relevant Cash Alternative Election Notice.

6

Payment of Cash Alternative Amount and Additional Cash Amount

6.1 The Issuer shall pay any Cash Alternative Amount through VPS in accordance with its rules and regulations by not later than three Business Days following the end of the Cash Alternative Calculation Period.

6.2 The Issuer shall pay any Additional Cash Amount through VPS in accordance with its rules and regulations by not later than three Business Days following the relevant Reference Date.

7

Subsea Shares

7.1 Subsea Shares delivered upon exercise of Exchange Rights or otherwise pursuant to the provisions of this Attachment will be fully paid and will in all respects rank pari passu with the fully paid Subsea Shares in issue on the relevant Delivery Date, or, as the case may be, Redemption Date or Reference Date. The relevant Bondholder shall be entitled to receive as against the Issuer all Dividends and other entitlements in respect of such Subsea Shares where the relevant record date or other due date for establishment of entitlement falls on or after the relevant Delivery Date or, as the case may be, Redemption Date or Reference Date, but shall not be entitled to receive any Dividend or other entitlement in respect of such Subsea Shares where the relevant record date or other due date for establishment of entitlement falls prior to the relevant Delivery Date or, as the case may be, Redemption Date or Reference Date.
7.2 No payment or adjustment shall be made on exchange for any interest which otherwise would have accrued on the relevant Bonds since the last Interest Payment Date preceding the Exchange Date relating to such Bonds (or, if such Exchange Date falls before the first Interest Payment Date, since the Issue Date).

50

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

8

No duty to Monitor

The Bond Trustee shall not be under any duty to monitor whether any event or circumstance has happened or exists which may require an adjustment to be made to the Exchange Price and will not be responsible to the Bondholders for any loss arising from any failure by it to do so.

9

Consolidation, Amalgamation, Merger and de-merger

9.1 In the case of any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of Subsea with any other corporation (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which Subsea is the continuing corporation), or in the case of any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of Subsea, the Issuer will take such steps as shall be required by the Bond Trustee (including the execution of an agreement supplemental to or amending the Bond Agreement) to ensure that each Bond then outstanding will (during the period in which Exchange Rights may be exercised) be converted into the class and amount of shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer by a holder of the number of Subsea Shares which would have become liable to be issued upon exercise of Exchange Rights immediately prior to such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental agreement will provide for adjustments which will be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Clause 4 (Adjustment of Exchange Price). The above will apply, mutatis mutandis to any subsequent consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or transfers.
9.2 If Subsea decides on a merger in which Subsea is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, subject to confirmation from an Independent Financial Adviser that such is the case, no adjustment will be made to the Exchange Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Exchange Price shall be adjusted according to such provision of Clause 4 (Adjustment of Exchange Price) as an Independent Financial Adviser shall determine to be most appropriate.
9.3 The provisions in this Clause 9 (Merger and de-merger) have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to statutory merger or de-merger (to the extent any such rights will apply in accordance with applicable law).
10 Redemption and Cancellation

10.1 Redemption at the option o f the Issuer
On giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (an "Optional Redemption Notice") to the Bond Trustee and to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Clauses 10.2 and 18.5 of the Bond Agreement, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Bonds as at the date (the "Optional Redemption Date") specified in the Optional Redemption Notice by payment on the Optional Redemption Date of the Face Value of the Bonds, together with accrued and unpaid interest to such date.

51

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
An Optional Redemption Notice may be given at any time if, prior to the date on which the relevant Optional Redemption Notice is given, Exchange Rights and/or purchases (and corresponding cancellations) and/or redemptions have occurred in respect of 90 per cent, or more in principal amount of the Bonds originally issued.
The Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligation to redeem the Bonds under Clause 10.1 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) by exercising its Share Settlement Option with respect to all, but not some only, of the Bonds as described in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option). To exercise its Share Settlement Option, the Issuer shall give a Share Settlement Option Notice to the Bond Trustee and to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement not less than 35 nor more than 60 days prior to the Optional Redemption Date.
10.2 Redemptionfor tax reasons
At any time the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (a "Tax Redemption Notice") to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem (subject to the second following paragraph) all, and not some only, of the Bonds as at the date (the "Tax Redemption Date") specified in the Tax Redemption Notice by payment on the Tax Redemption Date of the Face Value of the Bonds, together with accrued but unpaid interest to such date, if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Bond Trustee immediately prior to the giving of such notice that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of principal pursuant to Clause 14.5 of the Bond Agreement as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Cayman Islands or Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the general application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee (a) a certificate signed by a Director or duly appointed attorney of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer (taking reasonable measures available to it) and (b) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised international standing to the effect that such change or amendment has occurred and that the Issuer is or will be obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result thereof (irrespective of whether such amendment or change is then effective) and the Bond Trustee shall accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the matters set out in (i) and (ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Bondholders.
The Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligation to redeem the Bonds under Clause 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) by exercising its Share Settlement Option with respect to all, but not some only, of the Bonds as described in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option). To exercise its Share Settlement Option, the Issuer shall give a Share Settlement Option Notice to the Bond Trustee and to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement not less than 35 nor more than 60 days prior to the Tax Redemption Date.
52

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If the Issuer gives a Tax Redemption Notice pursuant to this Clause 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), each Bondholder will have the right to elect that his Bond(s) shall not be redeemed whereupon payment of all amounts shall be made subject to the deduction or withholding of the taxation required to be withheld or deducted by the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. To exercise such right, the holder of the relevant Bond must complete, sign and deposit at the specified office of any Paying and Exchange Agent a duly completed and signed notice of election, in the form for the time being current, obtainable from the specified office of the Paying and Exchange Agent on or before the day falling 10 days prior to the Tax Redemption Date.
10.3 Optional and Tax Redemption Notices
Any Optional Redemption or Tax Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. Any such notice shall specify (i) the Optional Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Tax Redemption Date, (ii) the redemption price as at the Optional Redemption Date or, as the case may be, the Tax Redemption Date, (iii) the Exchange Price, the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds outstanding and the closing price of the Subsea Shares as derived from the Relevant Stock Exchange, in each case as at the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the Optional Redemption Notice or, as the case may be, the Tax Redemption Notice and (iv) the last day on which Exchange Rights may be exercised by Bondholders.
10.4 Redemption at the option o f Bondholders upon Change o f Control
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control, the holder of each Bond will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem that Bond at its Face Value, together with any accrued but unpaid interest to such date. To exercise such right, the holder of the relevant Bond must, at any time in the Change of Control Period, deliver a duly completed and signed notice of exercise, in the form for the time being current, obtainable from the specified office of the Paying and Exchange Agent (a "Change of Control Put Exercise Notice") at the specified office of the Paying and Exchange Agent. The "Change of Control Put Date" shall be the 30th day after the expiry of the Change of Control Period.
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, once delivered, shall be irrevocable and the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds the subject of Change of Control Put Exercise Notices delivered as aforesaid on the Change of Control Put Date.
The Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligation to redeem all the Bonds the subject of Change of Control Put Exercise Notices by exercising its Share Settlement Option with respect to all, but not some only, of the Bonds as described in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option). To exercise its Share Settlement Option, the Issuer shall give a Share Settlement Option Notice to the Bond Trustee and to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement not more than three Business Days after the expiry of the Change of Control Period.
10.5 Redemption at the option o fBondholders by exercising the Put Option
To exercise the Put Option as described in Clause 10.3 of the Bond Agreement, the holder of the relevant Bond must deliver, not less than 45 nor more than 75 days
53

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
prior to the Optional Put Date, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form for the time being current, obtainable from the specified office of the Paying and Exchange Agent (a "Put Option Exercise Notice"), at the specified office of the Paying and Exchange Agent.
A Put Option Exercise Notice, once delivered, shall be irrevocable and the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds the subject of Put Option Exercise Notices delivered as aforesaid no later than three Business Days after the Optional Put Date.
The Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligation to redeem all the Bonds the subject of Put Option Exercise Notices by exercising its Share Settlement Option with respect to all, but not some only, of the Bonds as described in Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option). To exercise its Share Settlement Option, the Issuer shall give a Share Settlement Option Notice to the Bond Trustee and to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement no later than 35 days prior to the Put Option Date.
11 Share Settlement Option
11.1 The Issuer may elect (the "Share Settlement Option"), in the manner described in Clause 10.1.2 of the Bond Agreement and Clauses 10.1, 10.2, 10.4 and 10.5 above, in lieu of redeeming the relevant Bonds in cash by payment of their Face Value on the relevant Redemption Date, to effect redemption in respect of each relevant Bond by delivering to the relevant Bondholder such number of Subsea Shares as is determined by dividing the aggregate principal amount of such Bondholder's Bonds by the Share Settlement Market Price of a Subsea Share on the date falling three dealing days prior to the relevant Redemption Date (the "Valuation Date"), provided that:
(a) no Event of Default have occurred;
(b) the Subsea Shares are listed on the Relevant Stock Exchange at the relevant Redemption Date;
(c) fractions of a Subsea Share will not be delivered;
(d) if the product of any such calculation would produce a fraction of a Subsea Share, then the number of Retained Subsea Shares to be delivered shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Subsea Share, and the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to the amount (if any) by which the aggregate principal amount in respect of the relevant Bondholder's Bonds exceeds the product of the number of Subsea Shares to be delivered in respect of such Bonds multiplied by the Share Settlement Market Price of a Subsea Share on the relevant Redemption Date;
(e) if and to the extent that the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Bondholder's Bonds shall exceed the product of the number of Subsea Shares available to be delivered multiplied by the Share Settlement Market Price of a Subsea Share on the relevant Redemption Date, then the Issuer shall in addition pay to the relevant Bondholder an amount in cash (the "Cash Settlement Amount") equal to the amount by which the aggregate principal amount of
54

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
such Bonds exceeds the product of the number of Subsea Shares available to be delivered multiplied by the Share Settlement Market Price of a Subsea Share on the relevant Redemption Date;
(f) the Issuer shall make or procure the payment in cash of any accrued and unpaid interest; and
(g) in applying the provisions of this Attachment 1, any determination of the number of Subsea Shares to be delivered and/or any determination of any Cash Settlement Amount to be made in respect of the Bonds being redeemed shall be determined on a pro rata basis by reference to the aggregate of all such Bonds in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.
"Share Settlement Market Price" means the average Volume Weighted Average Price of a Subsea Share for the 20 consecutive dealing days ending on the Valuation Date, translated into USD at the Prevailing Rate on each such dealing day, provided that if at any time during the said 20 dealing day period the Volume Weighted Average Price is based on a price cum-Dividend or any other entitlement, then such price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Dividend or entitlement per Subsea Share as at the date of first public announcement of such Dividend or entitlement (translated, if not in USD, into USD at the Prevailing Rate on such date of first public announcement).
Subsea Shares to be delivered in the manner contemplated in this Attachment 1 upon exercise of a Share Settlement Option are referred to as "Redemption Settlement Shares".
11.2 If the Issuer does not exercise its Share Settlement Option in the manner and by the time set out in this Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option), the relevant Bonds shall be redeemed for cash in accordance with the provisions of Clause 10.1 of the Bond Agreement and Clauses 10.1, 10.2, 10.4 and 10.5 as appropriate and payment in respect thereof shall be made in accordance with Clause 11 of the Bond Agreement.
11.3 If the Issuer exercises its Share Settlement Option with respect to Bonds, the following provisions shall apply:
(a) Subject as provided herein, the relevant Redemption Settlement Shares will be delivered to the VPS account of the relevant Bondholders by not later than the relevant Redemption Date and the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of any such Bonds, together with any accrued and unpaid interest in respect of such Bonds up to the relevant Redemption Date and the amount (if any) payable in lieu of any factions of Subsea Shares, will be paid through the VPS in accordance with its rules and regulations on the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) A Share Settlement Option Notice shall be irrevocable, and shall specify: (i) the aggregate maximum number of Redemption Settlement Shares that will be available to be delivered; and (ii) the maximum number of Redemption Settlement Shares available to be delivered in respect of each Bond that is being redeemed.
55

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) Any taxes or capital, stamp, issue and registration and transfer taxes and duties payable in Norway, the Cayman Islands, the United Kingdom, Luxembourg or Belgium in respect of the transfer of any Redemption Settlement Shares pursuant to this Clause 11 (Share Settlement Option) shall be paid by the Issuer.
12 Cancellation
All Bonds which are redeemed or in respect of which Exchange Rights are exercised will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. Subject to the requirements (if any) of any stock exchange on which the Bonds may be admitted to listing and trading at the relevant time and subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, Bonds purchased by the Issuer may be discharged and cancelled or re sold by the Issuer at the Issuer's discretion.
13 Substitution of and withdrawal from the Secured Property
13.1 Provided that an Event of Default shall not have occurred and be continuing and provided that the number of Retained Subsea Shares shall thereafter be not less than 100 per cent, of the number of Subsea Shares that would be required to be delivered on exercise of Exchange Rights in respect of all outstanding Bonds (disregarding for this purpose any right of the Issuer to make a Cash Alternative Election in respect thereof) (the "Minimum Threshold"), the Issuer shall at any time be entitled to substitute Subsea Shares the subject of the Share Pledge Agreement and credited to the Siem VPS Account for an amount in cash in USD equal to the Fair Market Value of the number of Subsea Shares to be substituted as at the third dealing day prior to the date of the proposed substitution (the "Determination Date"), as determined by the Independent Financial Adviser and certified to the Bond Trustee by the Independent Financial Adviser (a "Permitted Substitution") provided that:
(a) the Fair Market Value, as at the Determination Date, of the number of Retained Subsea Shares immediately after such substitution (determined as provided above), translated, where appropriate, into USD at the Prevailing Rate on the Determination Date, together with any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Account, shall be not less than the aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds on the Determination Date; and
(b) such cash amount is credited to the Cash Account prior to or simultaneously with the release of such Subsea Shares from the security constituted pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreement.
13.2 On any partial redemption or cancellation of Bonds, the Issuer shall be entitled to withdraw at any time thereafter from the Siem VPS Account the number of Subsea Shares which, expressed as a percentage of the Retained Subsea Shares, corresponds to the percentage which the partial redemption or cancellation forms of the total number of Bonds outstanding before such redemption or cancellation (a "Permitted Share Withdrawal").
13.3 In order to effect a Permitted Substitution or a Permitted Share Withdrawal as provided above, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days notice thereof to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18.5 of the Bond Agreement
56

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
and to the Bond Trustee and the Independent Financial Adviser, specifying the date of the proposed substitution or withdrawal, and such other information in relation thereto as the Bond Trustee may require. 13.4 If the Exchange Price is adjusted pursuant to Clause 4 (Adjustment of the Exchange Price) (other than pursuant to Clause 4.1), the Issuer will, not later than three dealing days after the relevant adjustment, deposit or procure to be deposited into the Siem VPS Account such additional number of Subsea Shares as would be required, together with the number of Subsea Shares to be delivered on exchange of the Bonds at the Exchange Price applicable prior to such adjustment, to satisfy the exercise of Exchange Rights in respect of all the outstanding Bonds based on the adjusted Exchange Price. 13.5 In addition, in the case of an adjustment of the Exchange Price pursuant to Clause 4.3 resulting from the payment of any Dividend to Shareholders, the Bond Trustee shall, upon deposit by the Issuer of the relevant number of additional Subsea Shares into the Siem VPS Account release from the Secured Property the relevant Dividend to the Issuer. 13.6 Forthwith following any changes or composition of the Secured Property and/or any other property that is subject of the security arrangements described above (other than the release, substitution or withdrawal of any Secured Property from such security arrangements as provided in this Clause 13), the Issuer will procure that security interests in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee are created over any such property which is not already the subject of security arrangements described above, in each case in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Bondholders as security for the obligations described above.
57

Attachment 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
1.00 PER CENT. SIEM INDUSTRIES INC. USD 445,000,000SENIOR SECURED EXCHANGEABLE BOND ISSUE 2012/2019 - ISIN NO 0010657968
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.2 of the Bond Agreement we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 of the Bond Agreement are satisfied;
Copies of our latest [unconsolidated and] consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
NX
Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
58

