ISIN NO 0010708506
BOND AGREEMENT between
Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
7.00 per cent Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Norsk TillUsiuatm ASA
3 9 10 10 10 10 12 14 14 15 16 18 18 23 24 26 29 31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 1 April 2014 between

(1)

Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. (a company existing under the laws o f the

Netherlands w ith registration num ber 58848754 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with

registration num ber 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 D efinitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account m anager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" m eans the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" m eans this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" m eans the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" m eans a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" m eans a m eeting o f Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" m eans the debt instrum ents issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" m eans any day on w hich com m ercial banks in Oslo and N ew Y ork are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central B ank's Settlem ent System is open.
"Business Day Convention" m eans that no adjustm ent w ill be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o f Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the m eaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means an event w here the Sponsor ceases to control or own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% o f the voting rights o f the Issuer.
"Cure Amount" shall have the m eaning set out in C lause 13.5.3.
"Decisive Influence" m eans a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership o f shares or interests in another person:

3

Norsk Tiilitsnttnn ASA

(a)

a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or

(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors o f that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"EBITDA" means, on a consolidated basis for the Group, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, foreign exchange gains or losses, gains or losses on sale of equipment, and impairment of accounts, receivables or fixed assets and:

(i)

including EBITDA of a member o f the Group for the Relevant Period (or

attributable to a business or assets acquired during the Relevant Period)

prior to its becoming a member of the Group or as the case may be prior to

the acquisition o f the business or assets;

(ii) excluding EBITDA attributable to any member of the Group (or to any business or assets) disposed of during the Relevant Period; and

(iii) excluding any Exceptional Items.

"Escrow Account" means an account in the name o f the Issuer, blocked and pledged on first priority in favour o f the Bond Trustee as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exceptional Item s" means any one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional item, which, except for the Known Exceptional Items, in no event shall exceed 10% of EBITDA (not including such item) for the Relevant Period.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Nordic Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.

"Face V alue" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any

4

Norsk TiUiisnwmi ASA

time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of

bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount o f any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they

are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect o f a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) the amount o f any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the Netherlands including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"G earing Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.

"G roup" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"In terest Payment Date" means 1 April and 1 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

5

Norsk TiHilsnuum ASA

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements o f the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP,

"Intra-G roup Loans" means any loans granted by the Issuer to any of its Subsidiaries.

"Intra-G roup Loans Pledge" means a first priority pledge over all claims under any intra-group loans (other than such arising under any group account system of the Group) granted by the Issuer to another member of the Group, which either singly or together with any such other loans or credits amount to USD 2,000,000 or more to the same member of the Group.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification N um ber-the identification number of the Bond Issue.

"Issue Date" means 1 April 2014.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

"Known Exceptional Items" means:

(i)

all costs and fees incurred in 2013 in connection with completion of the

acquisition of the VPS Group, which for the avoidance o f doubt shall not be

limited up to a total maximum amount; and

(ii) all costs and fees incurred/paid in 2014 in connection with completion o f the acquisition o f the VPS Group and the separation and carve-out of die VPS Group from DNV GL, including but not limited to rebranding and associated costs up to a total maximum amount o f USD 5.0 million.

"Liquidity" means:

(i)

cash in hand, deposits with banks which are repayable on demand;

(ii) fully committed, undrawn, non-temporary credit facilities or equivalent with banks and/or credit institutions provided these are available for utilisation during the relevant period; and

(iii) short term, highly liquid investments which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash with original maturities of six months or less that are subject to an insignificant risk o f change in value,

but excluding any cash that is specifically blocked and/or charged.

"M anager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Arctic Securities ASA.

"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer or any other security provider's ability to perform and comply with its material obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) die validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

6

Norsk TiHitinwnn ASA

"M aturity Date" means i April 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate interest bearing debt less (i) any Shareholder Loans and (ii) unrestricted (i.e. not pledged or blocked or otherwise restricted) cash and cash equivalents in accordance with GAAP.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

" Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"P arty" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry widi respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Pre-Disbursement Security" means:

(i)

the Share Pledge;

(ii) the Shareholder Loans Pledge; and

(iii) the Intra-Group Loans Pledge.

"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Escrow Account Pledge.

"Q u arter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Relevant Period" means a trailing four quarter basis.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means the Pre-Settlement Security and the Pre-Disbursement Security.

7

ciSL..

Norsk Tillii&mann ASA

"Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge granted by VPS Holding over all its shares in the Issuer by means of a notarial deed of pledge o f registered shares pursuant to Dutch law.

"Shareholder Injections" means the aggregate amount contributed and paid in by:

(i)

VPS Holding for new shares in the Issuer; and

(ii) the Sponsor or its affiliates or VPS Holding as Shareholder Loans.

"Shareholder Loans" means the loan granted to the Issuer by VPS Holding in connection with the acquisition of the VPS Group and any future loans granted to the Issuer by (i) the Sponsor or its affiliates or (ii) VPS Holding.

"Shareholder Loans Pledge" means a first priority pledge over all claims under any Shareholder Loans by means of a deed of pledge (including notice to the debtor of such loan) pursuant to Dutch law or other relevant law.

"Sponsor" means IK VII Limited in its capacity as general partner of IK VIIGP, S.L.P. in its capacity as general partner of IK VII No. 1 Limited Partnership, IK VII No.2 Limited Partnership, IK VII No.3 Limited Partnership and IK VII NO.4 Limited Partnership.

"Stam data" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency o f the United States o f America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"VPS G roup" means DNV Petroleum Sendees AS (a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer) and all its Subsidiaries from time to time.

"VPS Holding" means Veritas Petroleum Services Holding B.V., a company existing under the laws of the Netherlands with registration number 58847863.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

8

Norsk Titliismann ASA

(e)

references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or

regulation;

(f)

an Event o f Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, coiporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreetnent

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount o f USD 70.000.000 (U.S. Dollar seventy million).

The Face Value is USD 200,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "7.00 per cent Veritas Petroleum Services B.V. Senior Seemed Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0708506.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied towards the refinancing of parts of the shareholder loans provided in connection with the acquisition o f the VPS Group and for general corporate purposes.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange no later than 31 March 2015.

3.2 After the Bonds have been listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions o f the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in tire Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository o f any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwidistanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach o f applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b)

certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue

the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant

10

ftorsk Tillitsmann ASA

register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) an up-to-date (certified) extract from the Dutch chamber o f commerce {Handelsregister) for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer's opening balance;

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for die Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(j)

copies o f any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents); and

(l)

establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties

(including relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent

(a)

A duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in

Attachment 2 which includes an overview of the use of funds from the

Escrow Account;

(b) Satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released will be applied according to the Clause 2.3;

(c) necessary corporate resolutions from VPS Holding and any other Group Company to execute the relevant Security Documents (other than the PreSettlement Security);

(d) a power o f attorney from VPS Holding and any other Group Company to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute die Finance Documents on behalf o f VPS Holding and any other Group Company,

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(e)

the Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge) duly executed

and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that such Security Documents will be

executed and perfected in connection with (and simultaneously with) the

release o f the funds from the Escrow Account);

(f)

all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee have been

received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(g) satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee that upon disbursement from the Escrow Account the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than the Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents and the Shareholder Loans;

(h) a confirmation from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee that no (potential) Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing; and

(i)

the Finance Documents being duly executed in a form and substance

satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1 and 6.2.

6.4 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.6 Before the release o f funds from the Escrow Account takes place, all the PreDisbursement Conditions Precedent shall have been satisfied. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used in accordance with the purpose o f the Bond Issue in Clause 2.3.

6.7 If for any reason the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent have not been satisfied on or before 1 July 2014, the Issuer shall ensure that the funds in the Escrow Account are used for prepayment of the Bonds in full at 100% of par value plus accrued and unpaid interest.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
(a) Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws o f its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority It has die power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and

12

0L.

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its Legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o f Default

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making o f any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

13

Noisk Tillitsmami ASA

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k)

No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Tmstee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest semi-annually on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 7 per cent (7%) per annum (the "Fixed R ate").

14 5^

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 1 October 2014.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation o f the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect o f which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number o f days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day o f a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month o f February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount Fraction

Face Value

X

Fixed

Rate

X

Fixed Rate

Day Count

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Cali Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call Option):

(a)

With settlement date any time from and including 1 April 2016, to but not

including, 1 April 2017 at a price equal to 106% o f par plus accrued interest

on the redeemed amount,

(b) with settlement date any time from and including 1 April 2017, to but not including, 1April 2018 at a price equal to 104.50% of par plus acciued interest on the redeemed amount, and

(c) with settlement date any time from and including I April 2018, to but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.50% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by die Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least diirty Business Days prior to die settlement date of the Call Option.

15

Korsk Tillitsmann ASA

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence o f a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% o f par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the 60 calendar days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to die Bondholders under diis Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2 Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds die bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to

16

K onk Tiliitsmann ASA

have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge o f its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account o f the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment o f any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment o f any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind.
12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 Covenants
13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event o f Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging
18

Norsk Tilliisinaon ASA

for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any

statutory notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, infonn the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such infonnation about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication o f its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate''). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations o f the Issuer or any Group Company with any other companies or entities other than a Group Company if such transaction has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any

19

Norsk Tillilsnmnn ASA

Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction lias or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business The Issuer:

(i)

shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, cease to

carry on its business if such transaction has or could reasonably be expected

to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at die date o f this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on tenns and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction does not have or could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

A rm 's length transactions

The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering o f any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

(g) Cotporate status The Issuer shall not change its type o f organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.4 Special covenants

(a) Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, incur or allow to subsist any Security on any of their assets or revenues except for (i) the Security Interests, (ii) customary Security provided in the ordinary course of

20

Norsk Tilliismnnn ASA

business up to an aggregate amount at any given time of USD 5,000,000, (iii) any Security arising by operation of law and (iv) such Security arising under set-off and/or netting arrangements in the Group's day-to-day banking arrangements, including any group account system of the Group.

(b) Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not make or declare any dividend, repurchase o f shares or make other distributions to its shareholders during the term of the Bond Issue, unless the Gearing Ratio is below 3.00 (and continues to be below 3.00 after such dividend or distribution has been made).

(c) Financial Indebtedness restrictions

(i)

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall,

incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness, except for

(i) Intra-Group Loans, (ii) Financial Indebtedness between any member of

the Group arising under set-off and/or netting arrangements in the Group's

day-to-day banking arrangements, including any group account system of

the Group, (iii) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue (plus

interest, premium and expenses), (iv) Shareholder Loans and (v) Financial

Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course o f business.

(ii) The restrictions in paragraph (i) above will not apply if the Gearing Ratio is below 4.00 both before and after the new Financial Indebtedness has been incurred.

(d) No financial assistance
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant or permit to subsist any loan or other financial assistance to, or any guarantee in respect o f obligations o f any party other than (i) guarantees provided in the ordinary course o f business; (ii) such arising under any group account system o f the Group; and (iii) Intra-Group Loans.

(e) Subordination o fShareholder Loans
The Issuer shall ensure that any Shareholder Loans are documented by internal loan agreements, pledged under the Shareholder Loans Pledge, in all respects fully subordinated to the Bonds and that no repayment of principal and payment o f cash interest is made (for the avoidance o f doubt, any accrued interests shall be accumulated and added to the principal of such Shareholder Loan). For avoidance of doubt the repayment of USD 70,000,000 o f the Shareholder Loans in connection with settlement and disbursement o f the Bond Issue is pennitted.

(f)

Insurances

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction.

21

Norsk Tillitsmntm ASA

(g) Subsidiaries' distributions
The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary creates or permits to exist any contractual obligation (or Security) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders.

13.5 Financial Covenants

13.5.1 The Issuer shall demonstrate compliance with the following covenants:

(a) Gearing Ratio

Relevant Period ending:

Max. Gearing Ratio:

31 March 2015

5.75

30 June 2015

5.75

30 September 2015

5.50

31 December 2015

5.50

31 March 2016

5.25

30 June 2016

5.25

30 September 2016

5.00

31 December 2016

4.75

31 March 2017 (and each Relevant Period thereafter)

4.50

The Gearing Ratio shall be calculated on a trailing four-quarter basis.
(b) Minimum Liquidity
Minimum Liquidity of the Group shall be at least USD 5,000,000.
13.5.2 The Issuer undertakes to comply with the financial covenants in Clause 13.5.1 at all times, such compliance to be measured quarterly and certified by the Issuer with each quarterly and annual financial statement.
13.5.3 Equity Cure
If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with any of the financial covenants in Clause 13.5.1, and within 15 Business Days of becoming aware of such breach, the Issuer receives net cash proceeds through any new Shareholder Injections (a "C ure Amount''), then such financial covenant shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments:
For the purpose of measuring (i) the Gearing Ratio, Net Interest Bearing Debt as at the end o f the Relevant Period shall be decreased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount and (ii) the Liquidity, die Liquidity as at the end o f the Relevant Period shall be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount.
If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Issuer is in compliance with all the financial covenants in Clause 13.5.1, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the financial covenants as of the relevant original date

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

of determination as though there had been no failure to comply with such requirement, and the breach o f the applicable financial covenants which had occurred shall be deemed to have been cured.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective o f such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder o f any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount o f the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such

amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net

amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the

payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required;

and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of die Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not

23

grL

Norsk Tillitsmarm ASA

some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer or any security provider under die Bond Issue does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable o f being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

24

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA

(e) Insolvency

(i)

A Group Company, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due, suspends making payments on any o f its debts or, by reason o f actual

or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or

more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(ii) The value o f the assets of any member o f the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group.

(f)

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension o f payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

(g)

Creditors 'process

Any Group Company has a substantial proportion o f the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any o f the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the

25 SL

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and lias the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions o f the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction o f principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment o f any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction o f the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16,2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders ' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

26

L

Norsk Tillitstmnn ASA

(a)

the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least1/ 10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed;or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice o f a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Tmstee. If the Bond Trastee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence o f ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead o f the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder o f the Bond and the amount o f Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at die Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment o f any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with diis Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the tenns o f this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event o f Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

29

Norik TilliiMiiann ASA

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts o f interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise o f its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may with the prior written consent o f the Issuer instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for die content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

30

Norsk TillitsmnnD ASA

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee o f its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment o f a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o f Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or

represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking

31

Norsk Tiliiisniann ASA

any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms o f this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act

directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal

proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the

Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this

Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance");

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit

, o f the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee

(the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the

payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon

exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity

Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other

amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date o f establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events o f Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at anytime during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c)

if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a

replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by

its C hief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the

Issuer w'ith the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors

o f the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or

defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

32

Norsk TUIitsxmnn ASA

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance o f the conditions o f the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors o f the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at die request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other dian the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such
-- discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions o f this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Tmstee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Tmstee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

33

Norsk TiUiisutann ASA

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been folly discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact infoiwation

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

34

Norsk Tillitsrannn ASA

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed o f changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or die last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part o f an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number o fjurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ o f summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.
*****

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

35

....S fZ...
By: Stephan Madsen Position: Attorney-in-fact

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Bond Trustee

By: Position:

t'J'OMCr cr 2 ^ - C ^ ^

36

Korsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

VERITAS PETROLEUM SERVICES B.V. BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2019 - ISIN NO 001 0708506

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised tenns used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is hue and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5,1, the Gearing Ratio as of [date] is XX and the Minimum Liquidity as [date] is XX.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Veritas Petroleum Services B.V.

Name o fauthorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O .Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

VERITAS PETROLEUM SERVICES B.V. BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2019 - ISIN NO 001 0708506

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Veritas Petroleum Services B.V.

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

38

