EXECUTION VERSION ISIN NO 001 070583.3
BOND AGREEMENT BETWEEN
RIDGEBURY CRUDE TANKERS LLC (AS ISSUER) AND
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (AS BOND TRUSTEE) ON BEHALF OF THE BONDHOLDERS IN THE BOND ISSUE
7.625% RIDGEBURY CRUDE TANKERS LLC SENIOR SECURED BOND ISSUE 201472017
#4655235/1

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION...................................

3

2. THE BONDS......................................................................

13

3. LISTING..................................................................................

14

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY..............................................

14

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS................................................................... 14

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT........ ................

15

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...........................................

15

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY...................................................................18

9. INTEREST.................

IS

10. MATURITY OFTHE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.....................................

19

11. PAYMENTS.................................................................................................... 22

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS ...............................

24

13. COVENANTS.............................................

24

14. FEES AND EXPENSES..........................................

34

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................................................ 35

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING......................

37

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE ...................

40

18. MISCELLANEOUS...........

42

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account SCHEDULE 3 Conditions precedent to settlement SCHEDULE 4 Conditions Precedent to the First Disbursement SCHEDULE 5 Conditions Precedent to All Disbursements SCHEDULE 6 Pre-approved Brokers SCHEDULE 7 List of Original Vessels

#4655235/1

2(56)

This agreement has been entered into o n _____ 2014 between

(1)

Ridgebury Crude Tankers LLC (a company existing under the laws of the Marshall Islands

with registration number 962879) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Acceptable Bank" means a bank with a credit rating of A- or better.

"Account Bank" means DNB Bank ASA.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account managerin the Securities Depository.

"Accounts" means the Escrow Account, the Earnings Account, the Retention Account, the Operating Account, the General Expenses Account and the Reserve Account.

"Additional Security" means in respect of a Security Vessel and/or Vessel Owner (as applicable):

(a) a Vessel Owner Guarantee;

(b) a Mortgage;

(c) a Vessel Owner Share Pledge;

(d) an Assignment of Pool Agreements;

(e) a Charter Contract Assignment;

(f) a Floating Charge;

(g) an Assignment of Earnings;

(h) an Assignment of Technical Management Agreements;

(i) an Assignment of Management Agreements;

(j) an Assignment of Insurances; and

(k) an Assignment of Intragroup Debt.

"Additional Vessel" means any second-hand suezmax or medium-range product tanker acquired by using Excess Cash and/or new equity injected into the Issuer.

#4655235/1

3(56)

f l-

I

"Asset Cover Ratio" means the Market Value of the Security Vessels relative to the par value of the outstanding Bonds under the Bond Agreement less Excess Cash. For the purpose of calculating the Asset Cover Ratio, the value of any Cash Deposit shall be considered Excess Cash,
"Assignment of Earnings" means an assignment of all earnings related to each Security Vessel, to the extent not included in the Charter Contract Assignments or Assignment of Pool Agreements (as applicable) to the satisfaction of the Trustee.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment of all relevant insurances related to the Security Vessels and the equipment related thereto.
"Assignment of Intragroup Debt" means an assignment over all claims between the Parent and/or any Issuer Group Company (including but not limited to intragroup loans and claims from Vessel Owners against the issuer in relation to the Earnings).
"Assignment of Management Agreement" means an assignment of the Management Agreement including direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default (to the extent permitted pursuant to applicable law).
"Assignment of Pool Agreements" means an assignment by each Vessel Owner of the Pool Agreement, including direct cure and termination rights in case of default (to the extent permitted pursuant to applicable law).
"Assignment of Technical Management Agreements" means an assignment of the Technical Management Agreements including direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default (to the extent permitted pursuant to applicable law).
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

#4655235/1

4(56)

"Cash Deposit" means a cash deposit securing the Bonds, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, in a bank selected by the Bond Trustee, provided by Riverstone, the Parent or the Midco.
"Change of Control Event" means an event where
(a) the Parent ceases to maintain 100% direct ownership in the Midco;
(b) the Midco ceases to maintain 100% direct ownership in the Issuer; or
(c) Riverstone ceases to maintain an aggregate direct and indirect (through controlling companies) ownership of the Parent of minimum
(i) 50.1% before a stock exchange listing of the Parent's shares or
(ii) 34% after a stock exchange Listing of the Parent's shares.
"Charter Contract" means any charter contract or other contract of employment in respect of the Security Vessels entered into by the respective Vessel Owner.
"Charter Contract Assignment" means an assignment of the rights of a Vessel Owner under any Charter Contract having a duration of minimum 12 months including direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default (provided that an assignment is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Charter Contract and applicable law (it being understood that the Issuer shall ensure that each Vessel Owner uses reasonable efforts to agree a Charter Contract that allows assignment)).
"Compliance Certificate" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.10(e).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Earnings Account" means the account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank (or an Acceptable Bank), to which all eamings related to the Security Vessels shall be paid by the charterer under each Charter Contract or Pool,
"Earnings Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Earnings Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.

#4655235/1

5 (56)

"Escrow Account" means the escrow account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank (or an Acceptable Bank), pledged and blocked as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account, where the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights and governed by Norwegian law.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Excess Cash" means any cash standing on the Reserve Account exceeding USD 12,500,000.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Bars ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement) and (vi) any other document which the Issuer and the Trustee agree to be a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is tro^ted^as indebtedness under GAAP;
(g) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset

#4655235/1

6 (56)

£2_

I

(h) any amount raised under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);
(i) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price including, without limitation, currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(j) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and
(k) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and the Parent for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Floating Charges" means, to the extent legally possible, a floating charge over all the assets of the Issuer and each Issuer Group Company.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the United States of America.
"General Expenses Account" means the general expenses account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank (or an Acceptable Bank).
"General Expenses Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the General Expenses Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"General Manager" means Ridgebury Management LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (a 1009S indirect subsidiary of the Parent).
"Guarantee" means each of the Parent Guarantee, the Midco Guarantee and the Vessel Owner Guarantees.
"Guarantor" means each of the Parent, the Midco and the Vessel Owners.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 March and 20 September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.

/M655235/1
i

7(56)

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"issue Date" means 20 March 2014.
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer, its Subsidiaries from time to time and any other entity required to be treated as a subsidiary of the issuer in the Issuer's consolidated accounts in accordance with GAAP and/or any applicable law.
"Issuer Group Company" means a member of the Issuer Group.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge granted by the Midco over all (10036) of the shares in the Issuer, together with letters of resignation (that shall be effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Management Agreement" means the management agreement for general management services provided to the Issuer entered into between the General Manager and the Issuer.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, NO0191 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means
(a) an event where any of the Security Vessels or Vessel Owners are sold or disposed of; or
(b) an event where a Security Vessel is subject to expropriation or act of piracy (to the extent not a Total Loss Event and in the case of an act of piracy, provided always that such act of piracy event shall have continued for a period of more than 180 calendar days).
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the vessel(s) determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the vessel(s) obtained from two independent and wellreputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the vessel(s), appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee (such brokers as listed in Schedule 6 {Pre approved Brokers) being pre-approved). Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an os is where is basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the issuer and such determinations shall be made semi-annually.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer, any Vessel Owner, the Midco or the Parent, (b) the Issuer's, the Midco's, Parent's or a Vessel Owner's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents or Project Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of ary of the Finance Documents.

#4655235/1

8 (56)

"Maturity Date" means 20 March 2017. Any adjustment wiU be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"M idco" means Ridgebury Holdings LLC (a single purpose company registered in the Marshall Islands with organisation number 962878, 100% directly owned by the Parent).
"Midco Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee from the Midco up to the full amount outstanding under the Bonds.
"Mortgage" means a mortgage over the Security Vessels, including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Security Vessels under the appropriate law and any deed of covenants supplemental to such mortgage and to the security thereby created between the Issuer and the Trustee.
"Obligor" means each of the Issuer and Guarantors.
"Offering Memorandum" means the offering memorandum prepared by the Issuer and distributed through the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue, dated 6 March 2014.
"Operating Account" means the operating expenses account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank (or an Acceptable Bank).
"Operating Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Operating Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Operating Expenses" means operating expenses necessary for the operation of the Security Vessels including dry docking expenses.
"Original Vessel" means each of the vessels listed as Original Vessels in Schedule 7 (List of Original Vessels).
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means RT Holdings, LLC (a company registered in the Marshall Islands with organisation number 962344).
"Parent Fleet" means all vessels owned by companies in the Parent Group.
"Parent Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time, including the issuer Group, and any other entity required to be treated as a subsidiary in its consolidated accounts in accordance with GAAP and/or any applicable law.
"Parent Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee from the Parent up to the full amount outstanding under the Bonds.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means DNB Bank ASA in its capacity as the Issuer's paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.

#4655235/1

9(56)

TL

"'Payment Date1' means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"P o o r means The Heidmar Blue Fin Pool or such other pool reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Pool Agreement" means the agreements (as amended from time to time) entered into between the agent and the pool company of the Pool and the respective Vessel Owner for the commercial operation of a Security Vessel.
"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Escrow Account Pledge, the Parent Guarantee and the Midco Guarantee.
"Project Documents" means the Management Agreement, the Pool Agreement, the Technical Management Agreement and any Charter Contract with a duration longer than 12 months.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 3D June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Redemption Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 10.4.4 below.
"Reserve Account" means the reserve account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank (or an Acceptable Bank), pledged and blocked as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Reserve Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Reserve Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Retention Account" means the retention account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank (or an Acceptable Bank), pledged and blocked as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Retention Account Pledge" means a pledge over the issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account, where the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Riverstone" means Riverstone Holdings LLC, acting through Riverstone Global Energy and Power Fund V.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other U.S. government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

655235/1

10 (56j

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4. "Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. "Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 1B.2. "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests. "Security interests" means: (a) any Escrow Account Pledge; (b) any Parent Guarantee; (c) any Midco Guarantee; (d) any Vessel Owner Guarantees; (e) any Mortgage; (f) any Issuer Share Pledge; (S) any Vessel Owner Share Pledges; <h) any Assignment of Pool Agreements; <i) any Charter Contract Assignment; 0) any Floating Charges; (k) any Assignment of Earnings; (D any Earnings Account Pledge; (m) any Retention Account Pledge; (n) any Operating Account Pledge; (o) any Reserve Account Pledge; (P) any General Expenses Account Pledge; (q) any Assignment of Technical Management Agreements; <r> any Assignment of Management Agreement; (s) any Assignment of Insurances; (t) any Assignment of Intragroup Debt; and

#4655235/1

11 (56)

(u) any Cash Deposit.
"Security Vessel" means any Original Vessel or Additional Vessel.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Surplus Amount" means the proceeds received in relation to a sale or disposal of any of the Security Vessels or Vessel Owners, net of (i) the relevant Redemption Amount, and (ii) any fees or expenses related to the sale.
"Technical Management Agreements5' means the technical management agreements for the Security Vessels (as amended from time to time) entered into between each of the Vessel Owners and the Vessel Manager.
`Total Liabilities" means the aggregate amount of the consolidated total liabilities of the Parent Group, calculated in accordance with GAAP.
"Total Loss Event" means (i) in respect of each Security Vessel, an event where there is an actual or constructive total loss or (ii) the requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition, hereunder expropriation, of a Security Vessel.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Value Adjusted Equity" means Value Adjusted Total Assets less Total Liabilities.
"Value Adjusted Equity Ratio" means Value Adjusted Equity over Value Adjusted Total Assets.
"Value Adjusted Total Assets" means the book value on a consolidated basis of all assets of the Parent Group according to GAAP, adjusted for the difference between the consolidated book value of the Parent Fleet and the consolidated Market Value of the Parent Fleet.
"Vessel Manager" means
(a) Bernhard Schulte Shipmanagement (which is the technical manager of the Original Vessels at the date of this Bond Agreement);
(b) in respect of the Original Vessel "Elisewin", DS Tankers GmbH & Co;
(c) in respect of the Original Vessel Prisco Mizar, Prisco (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.; or
(d) such other technical ship manager not being part of the Parent Group and which is reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Vessel Owner Guarantees" means the unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees up to the full amount outstanding under the Bonds from each of the Vessel Owners on a joint and several basis.

#4655235/1

12 (56)

"Vessel Ow ner" means, in relation to an Original Vessel, the company designated as the Vessel Owner in Schedule 7 (list of Original Vessels) and, in relation to an Additional Vessel, the company that owns that Additional Vessel.

"Vessel Owner Share Pledges" means the first priority pledges granted by the Issuer over all (100%) of the shares in each Vessel Owner, together with letters of resignation (that shall be effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. 2.1 2.1.1

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 2.2.1

The Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 210,000,000 (U.S. Dollar twohundredandtenmillions).

2.2.2 The Face Value is USD 1. The Bonds shall rank pah passu between themselves.

#4655235/1

13 (56)

f"Z __

2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as "7.625% Ridgebury Crude Tankers LLC Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2017" .

2.2.4 The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 070583.3.

2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall exclusively be employed to

(a) fund the Reserve Account by USD 10,000,000; and

(b) fund the Issuer's acquisition of the Original Vessels.

Any surplus funds following (i) and (ii), net of any further costs or expenses in relation to the Bond Issue and acquisitions, shall be transferred to the Reserve Account.

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the

Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

Principal and interest accrued from the Bonds will be credited the Bondholders through the

Securities Depository.

4.4

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

#4655235/1

14 (56)

6. 6.1 6.1.1

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Settlement Disbursement of the net proceeds (net of fees to the Manager and legal costs) from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed in Schedule 3 {Conditions Precedent to Settlement), in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date.

6.1.2

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.3

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 6.2.1

Pre-Initial Disbursement
The first disbursement from the Escrow Account to the issuer is subject to the Bond Trustee receiving all documents listed out in Schedule 4 (Conditions Precedent to the First Disbursement) and Schedule 5 (Conditions Precedent to All Disbursements) (unless already delivered) in form and substance satisfactory to it.

6.3 6.3.1

Pre-disbursement
All disbursements from the Escrow Account following the first disbursement referred to in Clause 6.2.1 shall be subject to the Bond Trustee receiving all documents listed out in Schedule 5 (Conditions Precedent to AU Disbursements) in form and substance satisfactory to it.

6.3.2

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1 (Settlement), Clause 6.2 (Pre-Initial Disbursement) and Clause 6.3.1 (Pre-disbursement). The Bond Trustee may further, in its sole discretion, allow the amounts credited to the Escrow Account to be released prior to fulfilment of the respective conditions precedent, subject to dosing mechanisms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, if the Bond Trustee is satisfied that such conditions will be fulfilled in connection with disbursement from the Escrow Account.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

it has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

#4655235/1

15 (56)

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
(d) Non-con//icf wftb other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(/) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

JM655235/1

16 (56)

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately, represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading fn/ormaffon
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date {if any) at which it is stated.
(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(l) Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at Least pari passu as set out in Clause B.1.
(m) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Issuer Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
(p) Project Documents
(i) Each Project Document (to the extent applicable) is in full force and effect, its entry into by the relevant Obligor has been validly authorised by that Obligor and no default or event of default has occurred with respect to any such Project Document.
(if) The entry into and performance by the relevant Obligor under a Project Document and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (b) its constitutional documents; or (c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(n) All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required to enable it to (a) enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party and (b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

#4655235/1

17(56)

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each

date on which a disbursement from the Escrow Account occurs.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

B.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured on a first priority basis by the Security Interests.

8.3

Any Cash Deposit shall be released (at the Issuer's cost) upon:

(a) Receipt by the Bond Trustee of a written request from the party providing the Cash Deposit to release the Cash Deposit; and

(b) The Bond Trustee receiving evidence satisfactory to it that there will be no Event of Default or potential Event of Default upon its release.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate of 7.625 per cent. (7.62536) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date falling in September 2014.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable

Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of

the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to

a 30-day month, or (i1) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of

February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to

a 30-day month)),

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest

=

Face x

Fixed x

Fixed Rate

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

#4655235/1

18 (56)

7L

.10

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer alongside accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole, but not in part, at any time from and including:

(a) the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2015, at a price equal to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 104.00% of the par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date in September 2015; and

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2015,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U,S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned Interest Payment Date in September 2015) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Securities Depository, and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;

(b) the Interest Payment Date in September 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(c) the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2016 at a price equal to 102.667% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(d) the Interest Payment Date in September 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.333% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such

#4655235/1

19 (56)

Bond {including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the sixty days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 10.4.1

Mandatory prepayment - Mandatory Prepayment Events and Total Loss Events
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem Bonds equivalent to the Redemption Amount (as defined below) at the following redemption prices:

(a) From the Issue Date to, but not including, the interest Payment Date in September 2015, at a price equal to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 104% of the par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date in September 2015; and

(if) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the interest Payment Date in September 2015,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned interest Interest Payment Date in September 2015) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date'' shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Securities Depository and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;

#4655235/1

20 (56)

% L-

I

(b) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 at a price equal to 10455 of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(c) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2016 at a price equal to 102.66755 of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(d) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.333% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.4.2

For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date on which the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and rot based on the date on which the repayment is carried out.

10.4.3

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available and in any event no later than 120 days following the Total Loss Event redeem Bonds equivalent to the Redemption Amount at 10035 of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.4.4 "Redemption Amount" shall mean an amount calculated as follows: Market Value of Security VesselCs^sold or disposed of ---M--a--r-k-e--t--V--a-l-u-e---o-f--a--lt--S--e-c-u--r-iTt--y V7e--s-s-e-:l-s--p-r-i.o-r to -sal,e x B x 120%

where B is the aggregate principal amount of outstanding bonds at the time of redemption, and where the Market Value shall be based upon valuations not more than 30 days old (measured from the date of the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event),

In respect of a Vessel Owner being sold, "Security Vessel sold or disposed of" shall for the purpose of this formula mean the Security Vessel owned by such Vessel Owner.

#4655235/1

Z1 (56)

ru

10.4.5

A Mandatory Prepayment Event or a Total Loss Event shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to when the settlement date of the redemption in relation to the Mandatory Prepayment Event or the Total Loss Event is expected to take place. The settlement date may however, upon further notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, be reduced or prolonged, due to the settlement of the event triggering the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss, but not with shorter notice than five Business Days before the settlement day of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss.

10.4.6

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Prepayment Event or Total Loss, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4.7 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.5 Mandatory prepayment - conditions precedent

10.5.1

In the event that the conditions in Schedule 4 (Conditions Precedent to the First Disbursement) and Schedule 5 (Conditions Precedent to All Disbursements) are not satisfied in respect of ftidgebury Lessley B and Ridgebury John Zipser and at least three other Security Vessels, for any reason, within 3 June 2014, all amounts outstanding under the Bond Issue shall be prepaid.

10.5.2

!n the event that the conditions in Schedule 4 (Conditions Precedent to the First Disbursement) and Schedule 5 (Conditions Precedent to All Disbursements) are satisfied in respect of Ridgebury Lessley B and Ridgebury John Zipser and at least three other Security Vessels but not in respect of all of Security Vessels, for any reason, within 3 June 2014, any remaining amounts on the Escrow Account shall be prepaid.

10.5.3 Any prepayment as set out in this Clause 10.5 shall be made at 101% of par value (together with accrued interest).

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11,1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

#4655235/1

22 (56)

ft --

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims
The Issuer may rot apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

#4655235/1

23 (56)

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rafa and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12.

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13.

COVENANTS

13.1

General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Parent covenants The issuer undertakes to ensure that the Parent will:

(a) not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Parent or any Issuer Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities;

(b) not cease to carry on its business, and procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Parent Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement and Offering Memorandum;

(c) not, and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on aim 's length terms and for fair market value;

(d) not charge its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation;

(e) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with ail laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time;

(f) remain the 100% direct or indirect owner of the General Manager, ensure that the General Manager is the provider of general management services to the Issuer and that such services are governed by the Management Agreement and that the fees payable under the Management Agreement shall not exceed USD 1,100 per Security Vessel per day; and

(g) deliver on its own accord the Financial Statements and Interim Accounts of the Parent (on a consolidated basis), which shall be made available on the Parent's website (alternatively by sending them to the Trustee for publishing on www.stamdata.no) as soon as they are made available, and not later than 120 days

#4655235/1

24 (56)

fy

after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.

13.3

Midco Covenants The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Midco will:

fa) not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Midco or any Issuer Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities;

(b) not cease to carry on its business;

(c) not, and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value;

(d) not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation; and

(e) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time,

13.4

The Issuer's positive covenants The Issuer shall:

(a) ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause S.1;

(b) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, procure to deliver on its own accord the Financial Statements and Interim Accounts, which shall be made available on the Parent's website (alternatively by sending them to the Trustee for publishing on www.stamdata.no) as soon as they are made available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

#4655235/1

rc~
25 (56)

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository;

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request;

(k) maintain the Security Documents in full force and effect, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with first priority ranking, creating the security contemplated thereunder, at the expense of the issuer, or the relevant security provider (as the case may be);

(l) procure that the Vessel Managers operate the Security Vessels in accordance with good industry standards and in accordance with its obligations under the relevant Management Agreements and in compliance with the terms hereof and the Security Documents;

(m) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time;

(n) perform and observe all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, and take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents; and

(o) ensure that upon the sale of a Vessel Owner,, all claims from that Vessel Owner against any Issuer Group Company shall be cancelled.

13.5

Issuer's negative covenants The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' Meeting:

(a) Declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other capital distributions to its shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party);

(b) amend its constitutional documents unless related to issuance of new shares to the Parent or the Midco in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such shares are subject to the Issuer Share Pledge;

(c) carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Issuer Group Company with any other companies or entities;

(d) carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Issuer Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities;

#4655235/1

26 (56)

(e) cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Issuer Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement;

(f) enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value;

(g) change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation;

(h) agree to or permit the assignment of any rights or the delegation of any obligations under the Proj'ect Documents other than the Security under this Bond Issue;

(i) sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or of the Issuer Group, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with clause 10,4 (Mandatory Prepayment);

(j) incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than

(i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond issue; and

(ii) debt to the Vessel Owners provided such debt is subordinated and subject to satisfactory subordination agreement acceptable to the Trustee, including no right of service, repayment, prepayment, payment of cash interest and with a maturity extending beyond the Maturity Date;

(k) create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for

(i) any security contemplated by the Bond Issue; and

(ii) any security arising by operation of law.

(l) grant any financial support such as loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any party other than to the Vessel Owners, save for any loans granted on behalf of a Vessel Owner to fund its working capital commitment pursuant to the terms of any non-affiliated pool arrangements to which that Vessel Owner is a party; or

(m) make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to

(i) the ownership in and operation of the Security Vessels; or

(ii) the acquisition of Additional Vessels according to use of Excess Cash,

13.6

Positive Vessel Owner covenants
The Issuer shall (in its capacity as parent of the Vessel Owners) ensure that each Vessel Owner shall:

(a) Ensure that all earnings under any Charter Contracts, any Pool Agreement and all other earnings related to the Security Vessels and any insurance or sale proceeds shall be paid to the Earnings Account;

#4655235/1

27 (56)

(b) remain a single purpose limited liability company owned 100% directly by the Issuer and incorporated in the Marshall Islands or another jurisdiction acceptable to the Bond Trustee, owning and chartering the relevant Security Vessel;

{c) enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the relevant Security Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents;

(d) upon request of the Bond Trustee arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Security Vessels without interference of the daily operation of the Security Vessels and at the expense of the Issuer, (however limited to one yearly inspection per vessel unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing); and

(e) upon request of the Bond Trustee facilitate a review of the accounts of the Vessel Owners by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the Issuer's cost (however Limited to one yearly inspection unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject for review.

13.7

Negative Vessel Owner covenants
The Issuer shall (in its capacity as parent of the Vessel Owners) ensure that each Vessel Owner will not:

(a) Declare or make any capital distributions to any company other than the Issuer (including, but not limited to, total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party);

(b) change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation;

(c) agree to any changes to the Project Documents which are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(d) agree to or permit the assignment of any of their rights under the Project Documents or any charter arrangement to which it is or becomes party, other than the Security under this Bond Issue;

(e) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any party, other than

(i) the Vessel Owner Guarantee and the Security granted by it as security for the Bond Issue;

(ii) guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business;

(iii) any guarantees as required under the Project Documents; and

(iv) any loans to the Issuer, provided such debt is subordinated and subject to satisfactory subordination agreement acceptable to the Trustee;

#4655235/1

2B (56)

(f) incur or permit to remain outstanding any additional Financial indebtedness {whether secured or unsecured) other than
{i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue; and
(ii) debt to the Issuer;
(g) create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets (including the Security Vessels) or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for
(i) any security granted as security for the Bond Issue; and
(ii) any lien or security arising by operation of law;
(h) invest or take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and ordinary operation of each respective Security Vessel;
(i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of such Vessel Owner's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Vessel Owner, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time; or
(j) cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of their business from that contemplated in this Bond Agreement.
13.8 Financial covenants (a) The Issuer shall maintain, at any time, on a consolidated basis, an Asset Cover Ratio of minimum 125%, and report its compliance with this covenant in each Compliance Certificate and, following an Event of Default or potential Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
(b) The Issuer shall ensure that the Parent maintains, at any time, on a consolidated basis, a Value Adjusted Equity Ratio of minimum 25%.
13.9 Vessel covenants (a) General
The Issuer shall procure that
(i) the Security Vessels are operated by the Vessel Manager(s) in accordance with laws and regulations, good industry standards and the Vessel Manager(s) obligations under the relevant Management Agreement and in compliance with the terms hereof and the Security Documents; .
(ii) that none of the Security Vessels shall operate in any country or area being subject to Sanctions; and
(iii) the Security Vessels maintain their names and remain registered in the Marshall Islands Ship Registry, except for changes (i) approved in writing by

#4655235/1

19 (56)

ru

the Bond Trustee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld if the Security Interest is not adversely affected, or (ii) required and permitted pursuant to the Project Documents, provided that no Security Interest is or will be impaired by such change.
(b) Title
From the relevant Disbursement, the Issuer shall ensure that (other than as permitted under this Bond Agreement) each Vessel Owner shall hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in its respective Security Vessel and the Insurances taken out in respect of the Security Vessel and assigned to the Bond Trustee, free of any and all Security.
(c) Maintenance of insurances and Security Vessels
(i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Security Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, hereunder to retain the Security Vessels in its class. During operation of the Security Vessels, the issuer shall ensure that the Vessel Manager runs proper maintenance of the Security Vessels and keep the Security Vessels in good and safe condition and repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
(ii) The Security Vessels shall also be adequately insured consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards. The insurance value of each Security Vessel shall be at least equal to the Market value of that Security Vessel. The aggregate insurance value for the Security Vessels shall be at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents. The hull and machinery insurance for each Security Vessel shall cover at least 80% of the Market Value of that Security Vessel, and the Security Vessels shall further inter alia be insured against war risk and have a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as any additional insurance required under any other contracts.
(iii) The Issuer shall keep a mortgagee interest insurance and mortgagee additional perils insurance or similar insurance, satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(iv) The insurances and loss payee clause shall be in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or other insurances with at least similar terms.
(d) Technical inspection of Security Vessels
The Issuer shall, upon request of the Bond Trustee, arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Security Vessels without interference of the daily operation of the Security Vessels and at the expense of the Issuer (however limited to one yearly inspection per vessel unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing).

#4655235/1

30 (56)

13.10 Special covenants (a) Accounts
The Issuer shall maintain the Accounts with the Account Bank, except that the Issuer may, subject to the Bond Trustee's prior written approval, transfer amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer on any Account to
(i) another bank replacing the Account Bank for the purpose of facilitating a time deposit] or
(ii) another Acceptable Bank
provided that such new account is blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee {on behalf of the Bondholders) in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee and that the terms relating to the Accounts contained in this Bond Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new account.
The Issuer shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company holds any other bank account than the Accounts.
Amounts standing on the Accounts shall only be used as follows:
(i) For the Escrow Account, to facilitate the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization)',
(ii) for the Earnings Account, as described in Clause 13.10(c) (Contract structure and application of proceeds);
(iii) for the Retention Account, to pay scheduled interest accruing from the Bonds;
(iv) for the Operating Account, to pay Operating Expenses related to the Security Vessels;
(v) for the General Expenses Account, to pay General Expenses in accordance with the Management Agreement;,and
(vi) for the Reserve Account, (i) in accordance with Clause 13.10(f) {Use of Excess Cash), (ii) to cover any shortfall under the cash waterfall described in Clause 13.10(c) (Contract structure and app//cafion of proceeds) or (iii) for the payment of any fees due and payable to the Bond Trustee, in all cases provided that no Event of Default or potential Event of Default has occurred or will occur upon release from the Reserve Account.
The amount standing on the Reserve Account shall at all times be at least USD 7,500,000.
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may, in the period from the date of this Bond Agreement and to and including the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the first disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer is to take place, use amounts standing on the Operating Account for making an advance payment for the acquisition of the Original Vessels PriscoMizar, Ice Explorer and Ice Traveller, provided that:

#4655235/1

31 (56)

TL

(i) prior to the use of such amounts, the Midco has injected equity into the issuer by way of a cash transfer to the Operating Account (the "Cash Equity injection'') and that the Cash Equity Injection has been credited to the Operating Account;
(ii) the amounts used for the advance payment does not exceed the Cash Equity Injection; and
(iii) no Event of Default or potential Event of Default has occurred or will occur upon the advance payment being made.
(b) Disposal of Security Vessels and/ or Vessel Owners
(i) The Issuer shall ensure that, upon a sale or any other form of disposal of a Vessel Owner, all claims from that Vessel Owner against any Issuer Group Company shall be cancelled and that prior to any disposal of a Vessel Owner it shall obtain the Trustee's confirmation in writing that the Trustee has received evidence satisfactory to it that all claims from that Vessel Owner against any Issuer Group Company have been irrevocably cancelled in full.
(ii) Upon the disposal of a Vessel Owner or Security Vessel and (i) prepayment pursuant to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions and (ii) payment of the Surplus Amount to the Reserve Account (subject to closing mechanics satisfactory to the Trustee) the Trustee shall, upon request and at the Issuer's cost, release the Security held relating solely to the asset sold, save for any Assignment of Intragroup Debt.
(iii) The Issuer shall ensure that any Surplus Amount shall be transferred to the Reserve Account promptly upon receipt of the proceeds following a sale of a Security Vessel or Vessel Owner pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.
(c) Contract structure and Application of Proceeds
The Issuer shall ensure that all earnings, insurance proceeds, sale proceeds and other proceeds related to the Security Vessels shall be paid directly from the relevant counterparty into the Issuer's Earnings Account, and the following transfers and payments shall be made on a monthly basis within five days after receipt ("Transfer Date"):
(i) Firstly, the Issuer shall transfer from the Earnings Account to the Retention Account an amount equal to 1/6 of the next interest payment plus any shortfall from the previous month's transfer;
(ii) secondly, the Issuer shall transfer an amount equal to the next month's budgeted Operating Expenses for the Security Vessels, plus or minus any shortfall or surplus between the budgeted Operating Expenses and the actual Operating Expenses from the previous month, from the Earnings Account to the Operating Account;
(iii) thirdly, the Issuer shall transfer an amount equal to the next month's budgeted general and administration expenses (not exceeding USD 1,100 per

#4655235/1

32 (56)

Security Vessel per day) from the Earnings Account to the General Expenses Account; and
(iv) finally, the Issuer shall transfer all remaining funds on the Earnings Account to the Reserve Account.
If for any reason, funds on the Earnings Account are insufficient for the transfers to the Retention Account and Operating Account as set out in (i), (ii) and (iii) above, such shortfall shall be covered from the Reserve Account
ed) Acquisition of Additional Vessels
(i) The issuer shall procure that all conditions precedent set out in clause 6 (Conditions Precedent) and relevant (in the opinion of the Trustee) to a Security Vessel and/or Vessel Owner shall be delivered in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee prior to the acquisition or establishment (as the case may be) of an Additional Vessel and/or a new Vessel Owner (subject to closing mechanics agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee), except for the documents listed in paragraph (i) and (ii) in Schedule 5 (Conditions Precedent to All Disbursements) in relation to Additional Vessels not financed by Excess Cash.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that the Additional Security is delivered in respect an Additional Vessel and/or new Vessel Owner (as applicable) prior to the acquisition or establishment (as the case may be) of an Additional Vessel and/or a new Vessel Owner (subject to closing mechanics agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee).
(e) Compliance Certificate
The Issuer shall, in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13,4, confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
(/) Use of Excess Cash
Excess Cash may only be used for:
(i) The redemption of Bonds in an aggregate amount of up to USD 10,000,000 during each 12 month period from the Issue Date, at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) subject to each redemption being made on an Interest Payment Date and in a minimum amount of USD 5,000,000; and/or
(ii) the acquisition of Additional Vessels, provided that the Asset Cover Ratio immediately after such acquisition is above 165%,

#4655235/1

33 (56)

14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent),

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4

Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such

amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount

which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which

would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b)

the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee

evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

#4655235/1

34 (56)

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment

Any Obligor fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach of other ohliga tions

Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default

If for any Obligor:

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(d) Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) insolvency

(i) An Obligor or any Issuer Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations

#4655235/1

35 (56)

I

with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor or any member of the Issuer Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor or member of the Issuer Group.
ff) insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If, for any Obligor or any Issuer Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
(g) Creditors' process
Any Obligor or any Issuer Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.
(h) impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor or any Issuer Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
(i) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders,

#4655235/1

36 (56)

fL .

declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

{a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

15.5 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the proceeds from such payment shall be applied as follows:

(a) Firstly, in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the Bond Trustee, and the Issuer will indemnify the Bond Trustee for all costs and expenses in any event;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of all interest due hereunder;

(c) thirdly, any other amount including principal outstanding under the Finance Documents;

(d) finally, the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

#4655235/1

37 (56}

TL.

I

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders* Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Tmstee.

(e) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

(f) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

(g) The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

(h) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

(i) The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

(j) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

(k) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not

#4655235/1

38 (56)

¥L-

present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

(l) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

(m) The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are Listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meetingdecides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

(n) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.3.9. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

#4655235/1

39 (56)

fZ .

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.3.9 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.3.10 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.3.11 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17.

THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4 The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond

#4655235/1

40 (56)

P 2--

Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary,

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting Can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

#4655235/1

41 (56)

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

#4655235/1

42 (56)

ru

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(if) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2,2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

#4655235/1

43 (56)

TL

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinionon (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) The Issuer shall be released from their obligations under alt provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.4(b), 13.4(e), 13.4(h), 13.4(i) and 13.4(j) or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Issuer Group Companies shall rot) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

13.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3

Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

#4655235/1

44 (56)

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shalh in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

#4655235/1

45 (56)

Ti2-

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number,
- corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

#4655235/1
i

46 (56)

TC

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

The Issuer:
RidgeburwCrude Tanijers LLC
Bv: Name: t t £ W C $~O 0\i& Title:

The Bond Trustee:
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
By: Name: Title:

# 4655235/1

47 (56)

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

The Issuer:

Ridgebury Crude Tankers LLC

B y : __________-- Name; Title:

______ _

The Bond Trustee:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

By: Name; Title:

Fredrik Lundberg

#4655235/1

47 (56)

SCHEDULE 1
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O.Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

7.625% Ridgebury Crude Tankers LLC Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2017 - ISIN NO 001070583.3

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann A5A as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 12.10(e) of the Bond Agreement we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 (Covenants) of the Bond Agreement are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement;

4.

in accordance with Clause 12.8(a), the Asset Cover Ratio as of [date] is XX;

5.

the aggregate Market Value of the Security Vessels as of [date] is XX, see enclosed

statement from XX specifying the Market Value of each Vessel; and

6.

The amount credited to the Reserve Account as of [date] is XX.

#4655235/1

4B (56)

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [interim Accounts] are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Ridgebury Crude Tankers LLC
Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#4655235/1

49 (56)

SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow A ccount

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date}

Dear Sirs,
7.625% R1DGEBURY CRUDE TANKERS LLC SENIOR SECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2017 - [SIN NO 0010705833
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Ridgebury Crude Tankers LLC

Name of authorized person

#4655235/1

50 (56)

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#4655235/1

51 (56)

7 t' --

SCHEDULE 3
Conditions precedent t o settlement
(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties hereto;
(b) any other Finance Document requested by the Bond Trustee, duly executed by all parties thereto;
(c) the Pre-Settlement Security duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank);
(d) corporate documents of the Issuer, the Midco and the Parent, necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer, the Midco and the Parent;
(e) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;
(f) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(g) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);
(h) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(i) any necessary governmental approvals, consent or waivers (as the case may be) to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which the Issuer, the Midco and/or the Parent are parties;
(j) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(k) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(l) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(m) the Project Documents in acceptable form and duly executed;
(n) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

#4655235/1

52 (56)

SCHEDULE 4
Conditions P recedent to the First disbursement
(a) Satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts are opened;
(b) all Security (not relating to a Security Vessel or Vessel Owner and thus to be delivered in relation to disbursement for a Security Vessel) being executed and perfected (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank and other counterparties); /
(c) the relevant Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement) in satisfactory form duly executed and perfected (as applicable);
(d) pro-forma balance sheet dated on the release date showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents or permitted thereunder, duly certified by a director of the Issuer; and
(e) evidence that the aggregate equity value of all Original Vessels has been injected into the issuer (such valuation to be based on vessel valuations not more than 30 days old, as applicable).

#4655235/1

53 (56)

SCHEDULE 5
Con Dm o hs P recedent t o All Disbursements
(a) A duly executed release notice from the Issuer;
(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue;
(c) no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and a statement from the Issuer to that effect;
(d) corporate documents of the Issuer, Midco, Parent and/or Vessel Owner (as applicable), necessary corporate resolutions of the issuer, Midco, Parent and/or Vessel Owner (as applicable), any necessary governmental approvals, consent or waivers (as the case may be) to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(e) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Trustee in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee;
(f) any other document or action reasonably requested by the Trustee;
(g) the relevant Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement) in satisfactory form duly executed and perfected (as applicable);
(h) For disbursements for each Security Vessel (in relation to each Security Vessel and each respective Vessel Owner):
(i) all relevant Security (including all Security relating to the relevant Security Vessels, and to be granted by the relevant Vessel Owner or over its shares) being executed and perfected (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the relevant counterparties).
(ii) satisfactory evidence that all insurances have been taken out.
(iii) customary documents and certificates related to the Security Vessels, including but not limited to protocol of delivery and similar documents.
(iv) an undertaking from the General Manager, subordinating its claims to the Bonds, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee.
(v) pro-forma balance sheet dated on the release date showing that the Vessel Owner has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents or permitted thereunder, duly certified by a director of the issuer.
(vi) satisfactory evidence that upon the acquisition of that Security Vessel, the Security Vessels held by the Vessel Owners shall be at least 30% equity financed, on an aggregate basis (such valuation to be based on vessel valuations not more than 30 days old, as applicable).

#4655235/1

54 (56)

SCHEDULE 6 Pre-approved Brokers
(a) Clarksons Valuations Limited (b) FeamleysA.S. (c) Maersk Broker K.S. (d) Poten a Partners, Inc. (e) R.S. Platou A.S.A. (f) Maritime Strategies International Ltd.

#4655235/1

55 [56)

7^

SCHEDULE 7 List of Original Vessels

Vessel Owner: Organisation no.
Ridgebury Alpha 961542 LLC

Ridgebury Romeo 962712 LLC

Ridgebury Whiskey LLC

962748

Ridgebury Sierra 962866 LLC

Ridgebury Tango 962881 LLC

Ridgebury Uniform LLC

962880

Ridgebury Victor 962883 LLC

Original Vessel: Ridgebury Lessley B

IMO no. 9457907

Rio Genoa to be renamed Nicholas 9304629 A at delivery to the Issuer

Ridgebury John Zipser

9416422

Elisewin, to be renamed Ridgebury 9241683 Astari at delivery to the Issuer

Prisco Mizar, to be renamed Ridgebury Captain Drogin at delivery to the Issuer

9320714

Ice Explorer, to be renamed Ridgebury Mary Selena at delivery to the Issuer

9296391

Ice Traveller, to be renamed Ridgebury Lindy B at delivery to the Issuer

9296418

#4655235/1

56 (56)

