BOND TERMS FOR
SG Bidco AS FRN senior secured USD 65,000,000 bonds 2018/2022 ISIN NO0010814312
1

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.................................................................................................................. 3 2. THE BONDS..............................................................................................................................18 3. THE BONDHOLDERS...........................................................................................................20 4. ADMISSION TO LISTING.................................................................................................... 21 5. REGISTRATION OF THE B O N D S .....................................................................................21 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEM ENT.............................................................................. 21 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES.................................................................... 24 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS.................................................................... 26 9. INTEREST................................................................................................................................ 28 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BO ND S...........................................................28 11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF B O N D S......................................................................31 12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................31 13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS...........................................................33 14. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS.................................................................................................36 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE B O N D S ........................... 37 16. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS........................................................................................... 40 17. THE BOND TR U STEE...........................................................................................................45 18. AMENDMENTS AND W AIVERS....................................................................................... 49 19. MISCELLANEOUS................................................................................................................. 50 20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.......................................................................52

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

2

BOND TERMS between

ISSUER:

SG Bidco AS, a private limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 914 837 685and LEI-code 549300RWIG3XEEHIIC72; and

PARENT

SG Midco AS, a private limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway, with registration number 914 837 839; and

BOND TRUSTEE AND SECURITY AGENT:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.

DATED:

30 January 2018

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.

"Affiliate" means, any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.

"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments, which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.

"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.

3

"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which:
a) the relevant CSD settlement system is open;
b) the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open; and
c) Bank of England is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Change of Control Event" means an occurrence of an event or series of events whereby a person or group of persons acting in concert, other than (i) the Sponsor and/or any other party that the Sponsor has Decisive Influence over or (ii) a Permitted Transferee, gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Change of Control Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.5 (Change o f Control Call Option).
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
4

(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 15.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" means any
(a) payment of dividend on shares;
(b) repurchase of own shares;
(c) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders;
(d) other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders: or
(e) payment of interest, principal, fees or other payment in respect of any Shareholder Loans to the extent such payment is made in cash.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) excluding any items (positive or negative) of a one off, non-recurring, non-operational, extraordinary, unusual or exceptional nature (including, without limitation, restructuring expenditures), provided that such items in no event shall exceed an aggregate amount of 10% of EBITDA in respect of the Relevant Period;
(d) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(e) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(f) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
5

(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group;
(h) after adding back any losses to the extent covered by any insurance; and
(i) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 15. (Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange).
"Existing Debt" means all amounts outstanding (approximately USD 36,000,000 plus unpaid interest, fees and costs) under the senior facilities agreement originally dated June 2015 with the Issuer as original borrower (as amended from time to time).
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees (excluding arrangement fees in respect of the Bonds and the Working Capital Facility), discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis), without taking into account any capitalised interest in respect of any Shareholder Loan, or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Transaction Security Document, any Security Agent Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Finance Lease" means the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP (as applicable on the Issue Date), be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet and which shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, include any operational lease which may after the Issue Date be re-categorized as a Finance Lease, following any changes to GAAP).
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions);
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
6

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(i) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
(j) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs a) to j) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2020.
"Free Liquidity" means the freely available, unrestricted and unencumbered consolidated cash balance of the Group as defined in accordance with GAAP, however excluding any drawn, undrawn or otherwise available amounts under the Working Capital Facility.
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting
7

Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time, in force and as applicable on the Issue Date.
"Government Bond Rate" means the interest rate of debt securities instruments issued by the government of the United States on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to Clause 10.2 (c) (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means the guarantee and indemnity granted pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) and any other guarantee given by a Guarantor in relation to the Finance Documents.
"Guarantor" means all appointed Material Group Companies (from time to time) and always including the Initial Guarantors.
"Hedging Counterparty" means any hedging counterparty to any Permitted Hedging Obligation entered into by any Group Company.
"Initial Distribution" means a one-time Distribution from the Issuer to the Parent, as set out in Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds), which may comprise a combination of:
(a) the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds following repayment of the Existing Debt; and
(b) Free Liquidity in the Group (at the time of payment of such distribution),
and is subject to:
(i) the Distribution being made in one single payment on a date falling no less than 30 days following the Issue Date; and
(ii) the Group shall retain Free Liquidity of no less than NOK 10,000,000 (or its equivalents in other currencies) at the time immediately following such Distribution (to be evidenced by deliverance of a Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee at such time).
Any part of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds to be used towards the Initial Distribution, shall remain deposited in the Escrow Account until such time the Initial Distribution is made.
"Initial Guarantors" means
(a) Seagull AS, a private limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 991 407 340; and
(b) Seagull Maritime AS, a private limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 975 995 976.
8

"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made by a Group Company to another Group Company (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group) where (i) the term of the loan is over six months (the term being determined at the sole discretion of the Issuer) and (ii) the amount is in excess of USD 100,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), and which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement shall be fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations.
"Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement acceptable to the Bond Trustee entered (or acceded) into by, inter alia, the Bond Trustee (on the behalf of the Bondholders), the Issuer, each of the Guarantors, each creditors for Intercompany Loans and Shareholder Loans and each Working Capital Facility Creditor (when relevant).
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 30 April 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, each period between 31 January, 30 April, 31 July and 31 October each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Group for the quarterly period ending on each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year, prepared in accordance with GAAP.
"IP Owner" means any Group Company owning IP Rights.
"IP Rights" means intellectual property rights relating to the Group's proprietary software/elearning modules.
9

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 31 January 2018.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to and including the First Call Date,
where the present value (in respect of both (a) and (b) above) shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation), and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall equal the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin (however so that the interest rate can never fall below the Margin).
"Manager" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, a public limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway, with registration number 883 603 362.
"Margin" means 6.25 per cent per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the ability of the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means any Guarantor, any Group Company which from time to time is nominated as such by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.16 (Designation o f Material Group Companies), and any Group Company which is nominated as Material Group Company pursuant to Clause 6.1 (b) (xii).
"Maturity Date" means 31 January 2022.
"Mid-Swap Rate" means the linearly interpolated Reference Rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to paragraph c) of Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or, if such is not quoted, the mid-swap rate for
10

the leading banks in the relevant interbank market, based on the last quoted Reference Rate or mid-swap rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period.
"Minimum Liquidity" means Free Liquidity plus (without double counting) any drawn and undrawn or otherwise available amounts under the Working Capital Facility.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less (if applicable) the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f Bonds) or any other amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to paragraph (j) of Clause 17.2 (The duties and authority o f the Bond Trustee).
"Obligor" means the Issuer, the Parent and any Guarantors and any other party providing Security under the Bonds.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by an Obligor under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution by:
(a) a Group Company, if such Distribution is made to another Group Company and, if made by a Group Company which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis; and
(b) the Issuer, in form of the Initial Distribution, which in aggregate shall in no event exceed NOK 250,000,000,
provided that a Distribution (in respect of both (a) and (b) above) is only permitted if no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Distribution and that the relevant legal entity has dividend capacity pursuant to applicable law (to the extent that such Distribution is made in the form of dividends).
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness (or the refinancing of any Financial Indebtedness outstanding at the time of the refinancing):
(a) under the Finance Documents and the Working Capital Finance Documents;
11

(b) in the form of the Existing Debt provided that it is repaid (and any related security is released) no later than through the first release of funds from the Escrow Account;
(c) in the form of Intercompany Loans and any loans between Group Companies that do not constitute Intercompany Loans (including under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group);
(d) in the form of Shareholder Loans;
(e) in the form of Permitted Hedging Obligations;
(f) in the form of any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability in the ordinary course of business of a Group Company;
(g) incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal commercial terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading partners in the ordinary course of its trading activities;
(h) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to such acquired entity holding indebtedness, provided that such indebtedness is repaid within sixty (60) days of completion of such acquisition and the Group is in compliance with the Minimum Liquidity test set out in Clause 13.18 (Minimum Liquidity) immediately after such compliance (such compliance to be documented by and included in a Compliance Certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee promptly after such repayment);
(i) arising as a result of a contemplated refinancing of the Bonds in full provided that (i) a call notice has been served on the bonds (in full) and (ii) such debt is held in escrow until (it is applied for) full repayment of the bonds;
(j) under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(k) incurred under paragraphs (h) and (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Support";
(l) arising in relation to the discounting or factoring (or other similar or equivalent arrangement) of receivables, bills of exchange and/or inventory in the ordinary course o f business and on a non-recourse basis; or
(m) not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate shall not exceed USD 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
"Permitted Financial Support" means any Financial Support:
(a) granted under the Finance Documents;
(b) granted in respect o f the Working Capital Finance Documents or any Permitted Hedging Obligation, provided that such guarantee is granted in favour o f all the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
12

(c) permitted under paragraphs (b) and (g) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";
(d) provided by a Material Group Company to or for the benefit of another Material Group Company;
(e) provided by a Group Company that is not a Material Group Company to or for the benefit of another Group Company that is not a Material Group Company;
(f) which constitutes a trade credit or guarantee issued in respect of a liability incurred by another Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(g) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission;
(h) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances of Group Companies (including under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group);
(i) for any rental obligations in respect of any real property leased by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms; or
(j) not otherwise permitted above which does not exceed USD 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
"Permitted Hedging Obligation" means any obligation of any Group Company under a derivative transaction entered into with one or more Hedging Counterparties in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Bond Terms, or the Working Capital Finance Documents (but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes). Any Permitted Hedging Obligation may be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security, which shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and any additional security as permitted under paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Security". The Hedging Counterparty shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Permitted Security" means any Security:
(a) created under the Finance Documents;
(b) up until the initial release of funds from the Escrow Account, any security provided under the Existing Debt;
(c) created in respect of the Working Capital Finance Documents or any Permitted Hedging Obligation, provided that such security is extended to and shared between the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
(d) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission;
13

(e) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances of Group Companies (including under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group);
(f) in the form of rental deposits or other guarantees in respect of any lease agreement including in relation to real property entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;
(g) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to such entity having provided security, provided that the debt secured with such security is Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with paragraph (h) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" and that such security is discharged upon repayment of such Financial Indebtedness;
(h) any Security created in the form of a pledge over the Escrow Account to which the proceeds incurred in relation to a refinancing of the Bonds in full are intended to be received;
(i) any Security created for the benefit of the finance providers in relation to a refinancing of the Bonds in full, however provided always that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied after repayment of the Bonds in full (other than with respect to an escrow account (if applicable) which may be perfected in connection with the incurrence of such debt); or
(j) not otherwise permitted above which does not exceed USD 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
"Permitted Transferee" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.5 (a).
"Pre-Disbursement Security" means the Security designated as such Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Security designated as such Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Reference Rate" shall mean LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) being
(a) the interest rate which is published on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Interest Quotation Day and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
14

(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period;
(i) the linear interpolation between the two closest relevant interest periods, and with the same number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number of commercial banks reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee; or
(c) if no quotation is available under paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for the relevant Interest Period.
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future liabilities and obligations any time due, owing or incurred by any Group Company to any Secured Party under the Finance Documents, the Working Capital Finance Documents and any finance documents related to a Permitted Hedging Obligation, both actual and contingent.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders, the Working Capital Facility Creditors and any Hedging Counterparties.
15

"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Shareholder Loan" means any shareholder loan granted or to be granted to the Issuer by the Parent (or any of its shareholders), with terms (including aggregate amount) and final structure acceptable to the Bond Trustee and the Working Capital Facility Creditors (acting in its sole discretion), inter alia to ensure that (i) such loan is fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations, and (ii) any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any such loan is subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Secured Obligations having been discharged in full.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Sponsor" means Herkules Private Equity Fund IV, consisting of;
(a) Herkules Private Equity IV (GP-I) Limited, a private company incorporated under Jersey Companies Law 1991, and registered with registration number 111266 as general partner of Herkules Private Equity IV (Jersey-I) L.P, registered under the Jersey Limited Partneship Law 1994 with registration number 1515; and
(b) Herkules Private Equity IV (GP-II) Limited, a private company incorporated under Jersey Companies Law 1991, and registered with registration number 111279, as general partner of Herkules Private Equity IV (Jersey-II) L.P, registered under the Jersey Limited Partneship Law 1994 with registration number 1516.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.6 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge and all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction
16

Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"USD" means United States Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Working Capital Facility" means a working capital facility a maximum commitment of USD 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) consisting of one or several facilities (which also may be utilised for the purpose of guarantees, letters of credit, leasing or any other ancillary facilities) from one or more lender (ranking pari passu between each other) to the Issuer as borrower, and where:
(a) the Issuer and any other Group Companies may apply amounts borrowed by the Issuer under the Working Capital Facility towards general corporate and working capital purposes of the Group;
(b) all revolving facility commitments under the Working Capital Facility shall are subject to simultaneous clean down once every 12 months. A minimum period of 6 months shall elapse between each such clean downs, and the duration of the clean downs shall be no less than three (3) consecutive Business Days.
(c) all amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Finance Documents may be secured on first priority over the same security assets as covered by the Pre-Disbursement Security (which shall constitute senior obligations of the Issuer); and
(d) all amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Finance Documents may (together with any Permitted Hedging Obligations) rank super senior to the Bonds with respect to any Enforcement Proceeds, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Working Capital Facility Creditors" means the finance parties under the Working Capital Finance Documents.
"Working Capital Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the Working Capital Credit Facility, and any guarantees, letter of credits, leasing agreements or other ancillary facilities entered into in relation thereto.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
17

(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds),

(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds

(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 65,000,000.

(b) The Bonds are denominated in USD.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is USD 100,000.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010814312 All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.3 Use of proceeds The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds, firstly, for the purpose of refinancing the Existing Debt and secondly, towards payment of the Initial Distribution.
2.4 Status of the Bonds
The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at least pari passu between themselves and all other senior creditors (except in respect of claims mandatorily preferred by law), and, subject to the super senior

18

status of (i) the Working Capital Facility, and (ii) Permitted Hedging Obligations, pari passu with the other secured parties in respect of the Transaction Security. The Working Capital Facility Creditors, and any Hedging Counterparty (in respect of a Permitted Hedging Obligation) will receive (i) the proceeds from any enforcement of the Security and the Guarantees and certain distressed disposals and (ii) any payments following any other enforcement event (collectively the "Enforcement Proceeds") prior to the bondholders in respect of the Bonds (the "Bondholders") (but otherwise rank pari passu in right of payment with the Bonds) in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent with first priority(subject to any mandatory limitations under applicable law) within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditions for disbursement):
Pre-Settlement Security:
(i) The first-priority pledge over the Escrow Account
Pre-Disbursement Security: (ii) first priority pledge over all shares in the Issuer;
(iii) first priority pledge over all shares in the Guarantors;
(iv) first priority pledge over any Intercompany Loan granted by any Group Company to the Issuer or any Guarantor;
(v) first priority pledge over any Shareholder Loans (if any);
(vi) first priority pledge over each Norwegian Material Group Company's machinery and plant (including, to the extent legally and practically possible, IP Rights) (No. driftstilbehørspant)^;
(vii) first priority pledge over each Norwegian Material Group Company's inventory (No. varelagerpant);
(viii) first priority pledge over each Norwegian Material Group Company's trade receivables (No. factoringpant); and
(ix) to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. "selvskyldnerkausjon") or corresponding guarantees under other applicable laws (acceptable to the Bond Trustee) to the extent made by a Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each o f the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations o f the Guarantors.
19

(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.

(c) The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Issue Date.

(d) The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as Security Agent) shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security.

(e) The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bond Trustee will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, act as Security Agent both in respect of the Pre Disbursement Security and any other security provided in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (unless otherwise set out in the Intercreditor Agreement for any Permitted Security not to be shared among the Secured Parties).

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders

(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

20

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall procure that the Bonds are listed on an Exchange no later than 30 September 2018, and thereafter remain listed on an Exchange until the Bonds have been redeemed in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD

The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer

(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Bonds) to the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date, the following documents (in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee):

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties hereto;

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Parent for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and the Parent and the Issuer to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(iii) a certified copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the corporate resolutions) from the Issuer and the Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals'

21

authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Parent and the Issuer;
(iv) certified copies of the Issuer's and the Parent's articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of the Parent and the Issuer evidencing that the Parent and the Issuer are validly existing;
(v) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law;
(vi) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (if any);
(vii) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;
(viii) copies o f any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;
(ix) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;
(x) copies o f any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance o f the Bonds;
(xi) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto; and
(xii) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect o f corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability o f these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents).
(b) The net proceeds from the Bond Issue on the Escrow Account (net of legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance o f the Bonds) will not be disbursed to the Issuer unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer, each o f the following documents in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer as set out in Schedule 2;
(ii) unless delivered under this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) under paragraph (a) as pre-settlement conditions precedent:
(A) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions o f each Obligor required to provide the Transaction Security and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(B) a certified copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution o f the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such
22

individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the relevant Obligor;
(C) certified copies of each Obligor's articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of each Obligor evidencing that the Obligors are validly existing;
(iii) the Transaction Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence o f the establishment and perfection o f the Transaction Security;
(iv) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all relevant parties thereto;
(v) copies o f agreements for any existing Intercompany Loans (and any Intercompany Loans to be established upon disbursement) for any loans granted or to be granted to an Obligor (other than the Parent), and evidence that any Intercompany Loans granted (or to be granted) are (or will be) fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement;
(vi) a copy o f the shareholders register o f the relevant Obligors updated to show the registration o f the pledge over the shares in the Issuer and the Guarantors;
(vii) a fund flow statement evidencing availability o f sufficient funds to refinance the Existing Debt signed by the Issuer;
(viii) written evidence that the Existing Debt will be repaid in full prior to or through the first release o f funds from the Escrow Account (in accordance with the Closing Procedure);
(ix) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Financial Support) exist within the Group;
(x) the most recent consolidated (if any) and unconsolidated annual audited and quarterly interim unaudited reports (if any) for each Guarantor;
(xi) an overview o f the Group Companies to be nominated as initial Material Group Companies, based on the 2016 financial accounts of the Group Companies;
(xii) all Finance Documents (unless delivered under paragraph (a) of this Clause 6.1 as pre-settlement conditions precedent) duly executed; and
(xiii) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Obligors and the legality, validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents (unless delivered under paragraph (a) of this Clause 6.1 as pre-settlement conditions precedent).
(c) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may, regarding this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), waive the requirements for documentation, or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents shall be
23

made subject to an agreed closing procedure (the "Closing Procedure") between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.

6.2 Distribution
Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (c) of Clause 6.1 above.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Group Company to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the date of these Bond Terms;

(b) at the Issue Date; and

(c) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account;

7.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

24

7.5 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance has occurred which constitutes (or with the expiry of any grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
25

7.12 Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4.

7.13 Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay

(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest
(a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent. per annum.

(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.

26

8.3 Partial Payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause \52(Acceleration o f the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 16 (Bondholders 'decisions).
8.4 Taxation (a) Each Obligor is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of the Bonds or the Transaction Security Documents.
(d) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
27

8.5 Currency
(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest

(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.

9.2 Payment of interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS 10.1 Redemption of Bonds
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - CallOption
(a) The Issuer may redeem all or part of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:

28

(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2020 at a price equal to 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iii) Interest Payment Date falling in July 2020 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2021 at a price equal to 102.80 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2021 at a price equal to 101.60 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(v) the Interest Payment Date falling in July 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in October 2021 at a price equal to 100.80 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(vi) the Interest Payment Date falling in October 2021 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (if practically possible) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date and may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, to be satisfied at least three (3) Business Days before the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Special provisions for voluntary annual redemption of 5.00 per cent. of the Bonds (a) A maximum amount of up to 5.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount may, in each 12 months period, be redeemed in the time period from the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date, in which case the relevant amount shall be repaid pro rata payment to the Bondholders, provided that at least 50.00 per cent. of the Bonds remain outstanding after any such redemption, and that such redemption is made in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(b) The redemption must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and
29

the Bondholders. The repayment shall be made at a price equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid interest).
(c) Any unutilised portion in any 12 months period may be carried forward to the following 12 months period (however, such carry forward may not exceed the First Call Date).
10.4 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.5 Permitted Transferee - Change of Control Call Option (a) The Issuer may at any time call a Bondholders' meeting to vote on a resolution to approve a person nominated by the Issuer as a permitted transferee (the "Permitted Transferee"). In order for such nominated person to become a Permitted Transferee, the Bondholders' meeting must approve the resolution with a majority of at least half (50 per cent.) of the voting Bonds (prior to the Change of Control Event relating to such person occurs).
(b) In the event a Bondholders' meeting does not approve a person nominated by the Issuer as a Permitted Transferee, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem all (but not some) of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest), with settlement no later than thirty (30) Business Days following a Change of Control Event relating to such rejected person (the "Change of Control Call Option"). The Issuer may (following a Bondholders' meeting) elect to discontinue and/or withdraw the relevant Change of Control Event, in which event the Issuer shall not have the right to exercise the Change of Control Call Option.
30

(c) Any Bondholders who (as the case may be) have exercised their Change of Control Put Option prior to the Issuer's exercising its Change of Control Call Option shall be prepaid in accordance with the provisions of the Change of Control Call Option. The Issuer may (following such Bondholders' meeting) elect to discontinue and/or withdraw the relevant Change of Control Event, in which case the Issuer shall not have the right to exercise the Change of Control Call Option.
10.6 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer and Group Companies may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold, in the Issuer's or the respective Group Company's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon
31

as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period, first time for the quarter ending on 31 March 2018.
(c) The Issuer's management shall within ten (10) Business Days after publication of the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts (as described in (a) and (b) above), arrange for a conference call on Stamdata where the Bondholders may participate.
(d) The Issuer shall in the period from the Issue Date to the date the Listing of the Bonds on Oslo Bors is completed, without being requested to do so, publish on its website (or in any other way acceptable to the Bond Trustee) such information (other than Financial Reports) which it would have been under the obligation to disclose if the Bonds were listed on the Exchange on the Issue Date.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its consolidated Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the consolidated Annual Financial Statements or the Interim Accounts (whichever is relevant) attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the consolidated Annual Financial Statements or the Interim Accounts (whichever is relevant) are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.18 (Minimum Liquidity) as at such date.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
(c) In addition to customary requirements, the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts shall always include information on the following:
(i) total number of customers;
(ii) the Group's USD value of the subscription portfolio as defined by the Issuer as per end of the most recent Relevant Period;
(iii) management commentary related to market development, material new contracts (in anonymized terms) and any relevant development in regulations;
(iv) realized USD/NOK and other currencies during the quarter;
(v) losses and gains in relation to hedging commitments, including description in addition to P&L (included as a separate line under financial expenses); and
(vi) detailed cash flow statement including specifications of operating, investing and financing cash flow.
32

12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13.
13.1 Authorisations The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will obtain, renew, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect the terms of any authorisation license or any other consent required to enable it to carry on its business where failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.3 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.
33

13.4 Continuation of business The Issuer shall ensure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the Issue Date (for the avoidance of doubt, neither (i) any changes in the relative sizes of various business units or lines of business, nor (ii) any extension of the business of the Group into businesses similar or complimentary to the business previously conducted, shall constitute a substantial change for the purposes of this undertaking).
13.5 Distributions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, make any Distribution other than a Permitted Distribution.
13.6 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.7 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of:
(a) the Issuer into two or more separate companies; or
(b) any Group Company if such de-merger would have a Material Adverse Effect,
provided that any Group Company de-merged in compliance with the above shall be required to retain or provide security in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
13.8 Acquisitions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), provided it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.9 Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, incur any new Financial Indebtedness or maintain any existing Financial Indebtedness.

(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not prohibit any Group Company to incur, maintain or prolong any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.10

Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its/their assets (whether present or future) to secure any loan or indebtedness.

34

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.

13.11

Financial support
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, be a creditor in respect of any Financial Support.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Financial Support.

13.12

Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, maintain insurances on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business.

13.13

Arm's length transactions:
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.14

Disposals
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of

(i) shares in any Guarantor; or

(ii) all or substantial part of its assets or operations if such disposal may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) The restrictions set out in paragraph (a) above shall not apply to a sale or a disposal of obsolete or redundant assets where:

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.15

Related party transactions
Without limiting Clause 13.3 (Compliance with laws), the Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Obligor will, conduct all business transactions with any Affiliate which is not an Obligor at market terms and otherwise on an arm's length basis.

13.16

Designation of Material Group Companies
(a) The Issuer shall always be a Material Group Company and shall no later than five Business Days prior to the Issue Date and once every year (simultaneously with the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the yearly audited accounts of the Group) and upon:

(i) acquisition of material assets by a Group Company (not already being a Material Group Company); or

(ii) acquisition of a new Group Company, if such new Group Company meets the requirements necessary to be nominated as a Material Group Company (as stipulated below),

35

(in addition to the Initial Guarantors) nominate as Material Group Companies each such Group Company:

(iii) whose unconsolidated EBITDA represents more than 10.00 per cent. of the Group's consolidated EBITDA (such consolidated EBITDA to include net eliminations, only for the purpose of this calculation) based on the preceding four financial quarters, provided that the aggregate unconsolidated EBITDA of the Material Group Companies shall together represent more than 80.00 per cent. of the Group's consolidated EBITDA; or

(iv) that is an IP Owner.

(b) The identity of the Material Group Companies nominated by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 13.16 shall be listed in the Compliance Certificate to be provided to the Bond Trustee in connection with the delivery of the Annual Financial Statements pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports).

(c) The Issuer shall ensure that each such Material Group Company no later than 60 days after its nomination provides Security in accordance with, and accedes to, the Intercreditor Agreement.

13.17

Subsidiary Distributions
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligations which are not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Terms.

13.18

Minimum Liquidity
(a) The Issuer shall procure that the Group shall from (and including) 31 March 2019 at all times retain Minimum Liquidity in excess of NOK 20,000,000.

(b) The Minimum Liquidity shall be tested at the last day of each calendar quarter ("Testing Date") (the first time on 31 March 2019). Compliance with the Minimum Liquidity shall be certified in a Compliance Certificate with reference to the preceding quarter, to be delivered to the Bond Trustee simultaneously with each Financial Report.

(c) Upon a breach o f the Minimum Liquidity, the Group shall have a 60 days period (commencing on the Testing Date) to cure the Minimum Liquidity shortfall, before such breach shall constitute an Event of Default. A breach of the Minimum Liquidity covenant may be cured either through receipt by the Issuer o f net cash proceeds from any person (other than a Group Company) in the form o f new equity, a Shareholder Loan or as later generated in the Group's ordinary course o f business.

14. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS The Parent undertakes to comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 14.

36

14.1 Distributions The Parent undertakes to not propose, vote in favour of, consent to or receive any dividend payment or distribution by the Issuer, whether in cash or in kind, or any other transactions implying a transfer of value from the Group to the Parent or any of its shareholders in breach of Clause 13.5 (Distributions).
14.2 Shareholder Loans: The Parent undertakes to:
(a) not consent to or receive any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any Shareholder Loan (unless a Permitted Distribution),
(b) not propose or consent to amendment of terms of any Shareholder Loan; and
(c) ensure that any Shareholder Loan remains fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations (except that any Shareholder Loan may be prepaid in accordance with any Permitted Distributions).
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OFTHE BONDS 15.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 15.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment An Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach of other obligations An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee
(c) Misrepresentation Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business
37

Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default If for any Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), but excluding any event where a Working Capital Facility Creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity solely as a result of any breach of the obligation to maintain certain financial covenants (maintenance covenants) under the Working Capital Facility, but only up to such time as any breach of maintenance covenants in the Working Capital Facility leads to accelerated repayment o f any amounts outstanding thereunder (cross-acceleration),
provided however that the aggregate amount o f such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of USD 1,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings Any Group Company:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object o f any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect o f a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any o f its assets; or
38

(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 15.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditor's process Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of a Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 15.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of such Obligor to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
15.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 15.3 (Bondholders 'instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise (or direct the Security Agent to exercise) any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
15.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 15.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
39

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
15.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(a) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 15.1(Events of Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(b) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
16. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 17.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50 per cent. of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 18.1 (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
40

16.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by
41

the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairperson and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
16.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 16, a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders ' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to
42

Clause 3.3 (Bondholders ' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 16.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 16.1(Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders 'Meeting) and vice versa.
16.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
43

(d) The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 16.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 16.5,
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f Bondholders'Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o fBondholders'Meeting).
44

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE 17.1 Power to represent the Bondholders
(a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
17.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
45

(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 17.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
17.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
17.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
46

(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to any Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3 (Bondholders 'instructions) or Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders ' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and
47

anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
17.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders ' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 17.5, initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 17.5. The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
17.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf ofthe Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
48

(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and each Guarantor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 17.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
18. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 18.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders 'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
49

18.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 18, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
19. MISCELLANEOUS 19.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
19.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
19.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
50

(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
19.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 (Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 13 (General andfinancial undertakings);
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(C) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
51

(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 19.4 may not be reversed. 20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 20.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 20.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court. 20.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 20 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right: (a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or any o f its/their
respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and (b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent
jurisdiction concurrently. 000
52

These Bond Terms have been executed in three originals, of which the Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.
SIGNATURES:

The Issuer: SG BIDCO AS

As Bond Trustee and Security Agent: NORDIC TRUSTEE AS

By: C A T O A  Position: The Parent: SG MIDCO AS

tN f W C T

By: Predrfk Lundbeh
Position:

By: CS>fW -A -
Position: A ^052.U l3V - l ^ - T B C T "

53

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

SG Bidco AS FRN bonds 2018/2022 ISIN NO0010814312

[date]

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of consolidated Annual Financial Statements and Interim Accounts to the Bond Trustee.
This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·].
Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.
With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Annual Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
The Minimum Liquidity test set out in Clause 13.17 (Minimum Liquidity) are met, please see the information regarding the Minimum Liquidity attached hereto.]
We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.

Yours faithfully, SG Bidco AS

Name of authorised person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]

54

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Dear Sirs, SG Bidco AS FRN bonds 2018/2022 ISIN NO0010814312

[date]

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, []
Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

55

