BOND TERMS
FOR
Chembulk Holding LLC 8.00% senior secured callable USD 250,000,000 bonds 2018/2023
ISIN NO 0010814593

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION..................................................................................................................3 2. THE B O N D S.............................................................................................................................24 3. THE BONDHOLDERS........................................................................................................... 26 4. ADMISSION TO L IST IN G ................................................................................................... 27 5. REGISTRATION OF THE B O N D S..................................................................................... 27 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT...............................................................................27 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W A RRA N TIES.................................................................... 33 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE B O N D S.................................................................... 35 9. INTEREST................................................................................................................................. 37 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF B O N D S .......................................................... 37 11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BO ND S...................................................................... 40 12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS................................................................................... 41 13. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS................................................................................................. 43 14. ISSUER UNDERTAKINGS.................................................................................................. 43 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE B O N D S........................... 48 16. BONDHOLDERS' D EC ISIO N S...........................................................................................51 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE .......................................................................................................... 56 18. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS ..................................................................................... 60 19. MISCELLANEOUS ............................................................................................................... 61 20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION....................................................................... 63

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT SCHEDULE 3 INITIAL VESSEL OWNING COMPANIES

2 (68)

BOND TERMS between

ISSUER:

Chembulk Holding LLC, a limited liability company existing

under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands with

registration

number

964109

and

LEI-code

254900LHJ0K9M3LADC89; and

PARENT:

Chembulk Tankers LLC, a limited liability company existing under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands with registration number 964110; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.

DATED:

31 January 2018

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
The following terms will have the following meanings:
"Acceptable Bank" means a bank with a credit rating of A- or better.
"Account Bank" means DNB Bank ASA, New York Branch.
"Accounts" means:
(a) the Escrow Account;
(b) the Cash Pooling Top Account; and
(c) any Earnings Account.
"Account Pledges" means charges over all bank accounts held by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Earnings Account(s) of the Charter Company, all pledged on first priority, but not blocked prior to an Event of Default (save for any Disposal Account and Cash Deposit), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Additional Bonds" means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.
"Additional Security" means the Pre-Disbursement Security as set out in Paragraph (a) (ii), (iv) - (xi) and (xiii) of Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) in relation to such Vessel and Vessel Owning Companies.

3 (68)

"Additional Vessel Acquisitions" means any acquisition by a Group Company of Additional Vessel(s).
"Additional Vessels" means any new or second hand chemical tankers (not older than 10 years at the time of purchase) acquired by using Liquidity (in excess of the Minimum Liquidity), new equity injected into the Group and/or proceeds from any Tap Issue. Any Additional Vessels shall be subject to the Additional Security.
"Adjusted Net Profit" means for any accounting period, the consolidated net income of the Issuer on a consolidated basis for that accounting period, after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of:
(a) any loss or gain against book value arising from any Permitted Disposal or Permitted Divestment;
(b) any non-recurring exceptional items included in the Financial Reports;
(c) any expenses, fees, charges or losses that are directly incurred or required to be reimbursed in connection with the issuance of the Bonds (including any amendments thereto);
(d) any loss or gain against book value arising from any Total Loss Event including insurance proceeds resulting from such Total Loss Event; and
(e) any appreciation made on the Vessels.
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person:
(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of that person;
(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over that person (directly or indirectly); and
(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over that person.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Parent and of the Issuer, or where relevant the Group, for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statement to include a profit and loss statement, a cash flow statement, and a balance sheet statement on a consolidated basis for the relevant period and, in addition to the foregoing, a management commentary by the Parent with respect to the Parent's Annual Financial Statements.
"Approved Flag State" means the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Republic of Liberia, the Kingdom of Norway, the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Republic of Singapore, Republic of Panama, Isle of Man or another flag state acceptable to the Bond Trustee .
"Approved Shipbroker" means any of Braemar Shipping Services, Clarksons, Grieg Shipbrokers, Steensland/Steem1960, Simpson, Spence & Young, Odin Marine and any
4 (68)

independent reputable ship broker nominated by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee from time to time.
"Approved Technical Manager" means any of V.Group Limited, Norstar Ship Management Pte. Ltd., Thome Ship Management Pte Ltd., Executive Ship Management Pte. Ltd., M.T.M. Ship Management Pte Ltd., Columbia Shipmanagement Ltd, Bernhard Schulte Ship Management Ltd, Anglo-Eastern Univan Group Company, Wallem Ship Management Limited, or any other person approved in writing by the Bond Trustee from time to time.
"Asset Security Agreements" means an all asset security agreement in respect of all the assets of the Issuer and each Guarantor.
"Assignment of Commercial Management Agreements" means the assignment of the Commercial Management Agreements including direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default (to the extent permitted pursuant to applicable law and provisions of the applicable contract). The Issuer shall give notice and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain consent and acknowledgement from the Vessel Manager.
"Assignments of Earnings" means, to the extent possible and not included in the Charter Contract Assignments, assignments of all Earnings related to each of the Vessels. The Issuer and relevant Vessel Owning Company shall give notice and use commercially reasonable efforts to procure the acknowledgement of such assignment from its respective counterparties.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment of all relevant insurances related to the Vessels and the equipment related thereto.
"Assignment of Shareholder Loans" means assignment over all Shareholder Loans granted by the Parent to the Issuer as borrower.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments hereto which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Decisions).
5 (68)

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open and banks generally are open for business in Oslo and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to the Interest Period.
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Calculation Date" means each date falling semi-annually on 31 December and 30 June each year and as may be required to conduct a Tap Issue Test.
"CAPEX" means any amount used for making additional investments in, or upgrades to, an Additional Vessel for the purpose of ensuring proper maintenance of the Additional Vessel and keeping the Additional Vessel in good and safe condition and repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
"Cash Deposit" means cash collateral deposited on a bank account pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Cash Pooling Top Account" means the top account of a cash pooling or other cash management arrangement with Bank of America or another Acceptable Bank, where the Issuer will run its day to day operations, and where the top account will be pledged, but (if permitted by applicable law) not blocked prior to an Event of Default in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Change of Control Event" means:
(a) at any time prior to an IPO of the Issuer, any event where:
(i) the Sponsor ceases (directly or indirectly) to (A) own more than 1/3 of the shares in the Issuer or (B) have the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, proxy, contract, agency or otherwise) to cast, or control the cast of, more than 1/3 of the maximum number of votes that might be cast at a general meeting of the Issuer; or
(ii) any person or group of persons acting in concert (other than the Sponsor) gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer; and
(b) upon and at any time following a successful IPO of the Issuer, any event where:
6 (68)

(i) any person or group of persons acting in concert (other than the Sponsor) gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or
(ii) the shares in the Issuer is subject to de-listing from the exchange (where it was originally listed), unless immediately re-listed at another exchange acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Charter Company" means Chembulk Ocean Transport LLC.
"Charter Company Share Pledge" means a pledge granted over all of the shares or limited liability company interests (100%) in the Charter Company, together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members to the extent applicable under local law, relevant limited liability company interests transfer forms which may become effective upon an Event of Default.
"Charter Contract" means any charter contract or other contract of employment in respect of the Vessels, such contracts to be entered into by the respective Vessel Owning Company, the Charter Company or another member of the Group.
"Charter Contract Assignments" means each assignment of (i) the rights of the Vessel Owning Companies under any bareboat charter agreement with the Charter Company and (ii) by the Charter Company of any Charter Contract having a duration of minimum 24 months including direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default (provided that an assignment is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Charter Contract) and subject to applicable law (it being understood that the Charter Company shall use reasonable efforts to agree a Charter Contract that allows assignment)), and the Charter Company as applicable shall give notice and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from the charterer.
"Commercial Management Agreements" means the agreements entered into with the Vessel Manager for the commercial management of the Vessels.
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1 hereto.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
"Cure Vessel" means an otherwise unencumbered vessel (other than a Vessel) in respect of which a first priority mortgage is provided by any person not being a member of the Group in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as additional security, together with a first priority assignment of insurances for such vessel.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
7 (68)

(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 15.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Disposal Account" means an account pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) into which any Transaction Value is paid.
"Distribution" means any:
(a) payment of dividend on limited liability company interests or shares or cash interest on Group Loans;
(b) repurchase of own limited liability company interests or shares;
(c) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders or members of any Group Company or the affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders or members; and
(d) payments under Shareholder Loans (save for permitted repayments of Short Term Credits which shall not constitute a Distribution).
"Earnings" means all moneys whatsoever which are now, or later become, payable (actually or contingently) to an Obligor and which arise out of the use of or operation of the Vessels, including (but not limited to):
(a) all freight, hire and passage moneys payable to the Obligor, including (without limitation) payments of any nature under a time charter party or any other charter or agreement for the employment, use, possession, management and/or operation of any of the Vessels;
(b) any claim under any guarantees related to freight and hire payable to the Obligor as a consequence of the operation of any of the Vessels;
(c) compensation payable to the Obligor in the event of any requisition of a Vessel or for the use of a Vessel by any government authority or other competent authority;
(d) remuneration for salvage, towage and other services performed by a Vessel payable to the Obligor;
(e) demurrage and retention moneys receivable by the Obligor in relation to any of the Vessels;
8 (68)

(f) damages for breach (or payments for variation or termination) of any charterparty or other contract for the employment of the Vessel;
(g) all moneys which are at any time payable under the Insurances in respect of loss of hire;
(h) all moneys which are at any time payable to the relevant Obligor in relation to general average contribution; and
(i) if and whenever a Vessel is employed on terms whereby any moneys falling within paragraph (a) to (h) above are pooled or shared with any other person, that proportion of the net receipts of the relevant pooling or sharing arrangement which is attributable to such Vessel.
"Earnings Account" means an account opened by a Charter Company with Bank of America or another Acceptable Bank where Earnings related to the Vessels and payable to a member of the Group shall be paid directly to the Earnings Account(s) of the Charter Company (where the Earnings Account(s) may be a sub-account in the Cash Pooling Top Account). The Earnings Account(s) shall, unless consisting of a sub-account of the Cash Pooling Top Account, be pledged on a first priority basis in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding Event of Default).
"Equity Clawback" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3.
"Escrow Account" means an account with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 15.1 (Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means:
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Existing Debt" means the USD 192,800,000 secured credit facility maturing on 11 November 2021 with Chembulk Capital LLC as borrower and DNB Bank ASA, New York branch as facility agent, where the outstanding amount on the Issue Date will be approximately USD 141,200,000 (excluding accrued interest from the last payment date).
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, any Transaction Security Document and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
9 (68)

"Financial Covenants" has the meaning given to it in Clause 14.22.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed and debt balances at banks or other financial institutions;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP as at the date of these Bond Terms, be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing under GAAP;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(i) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(j) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply; and
(k) without double-counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
10 (68)

"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to, granting of security.
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in August 2020.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the United States, or, if applicable to the Issuer, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Government Bond Rate" means the interest rate of debt securities instruments issued by the government of the jurisdiction issuing the currency of the Bonds on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time and any other entity required to be treated as a subsidiary in the Issuer's consolidated accounts in accordance with GAAP and/or any applicable law .
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Group Loan" means any loans made by a Group Company to an Obligor, in each case subject to the Subordination Agreement.
"Guarantee" means the joint and several guarantees (Norwegian: "selvskyldnerkausjon") or similar under applicable law from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors.
"Guarantors" means each of the following companies:
(a) each of the Vessel Owning Companies;
(b) Chembulk Group LLC (a limited liability company registered in the Marshall Islands with organisation number 963311; and
(c) Chembulk Chemicals LLC (a limited liability company registered in the Marshall Islands with organisation number 963314),
each a "Guarantor".
"Initial Bond Issue" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Initial Issue Amount" means USD 200,000,000.
"Initial Vessels" means the chemical tankers as set out in Attachment 3.
"Insolvent" means that a person:
11 (68)

(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 2 August 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 2 February and 2 August each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means 8.00 percentage points per annum.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer and of the Parent for the quarterly period ending on each Quarter Date in each year, prepared in accordance with GAAP and to include a profit and loss statement, a cash flow statement, and a balance sheet statement for the relevant period and, in addition to the foregoing, a management commentary by the Parent with respect to the Parent's Interim Accounts.
"IPO" means an equity offering in connection with an initial public offering (IPO) of the equity interests in the Parent or the Issuer.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 2 February 2018.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means a pledge granted by the Parent over all of the shares or limited liability company interests (100%) in the Issuer, together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members to the extent applicable under local law, relevant limited liability company interests transfer forms or stock transfer forms which may become effective upon an Event of Default.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Listing Failure Event" means that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within 12 months following the Issue Date.
12 (68)

"Liquidity" means the free and unencumbered consolidated cash balance of the Group as defined in accordance with GAAP (including for the avoidance of doubt amounts standing to the credit of accounts which have been pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not including any amounts standing to the Issuer's credit on the Escrow Account, the Disposal Account and the Cash Deposit account) less the amount of any Short Term Credits.
"Longstop Date" means the date falling sixty (60) days after the Issue Date.
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation).
"Manager" means DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0021 Oslo, Norway.
"Management Agreements" means the Commercial Management Agreements and the Technical Management Agreements.
"Mandatory Prepayment" means prepayment of bonds made in accordance with Clause 10.7 (Mandatory redemption - Permitted Disposal, Total Loss and Piracy Event).
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Vessels and, if relevant, of any Cure Vessel in USD, determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Vessels obtained from two Approved Shipbrokers. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Obligors' ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
13 (68)

"Maturity Date" means 2 February 2023, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Minimum Liquidity" means Liquidity of no less than USD 15,000,000.
"Mortgages" means mortgages over the Vessels including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessels under the appropriate law (including any deed of covenants supplemental to the Mortgages and to the security thereby created between the relevant Vessel Owning Company and the Security Agent).
"Net Debt" means the Outstanding Bond Amount (not including any Bonds owned by the Issuer or any Group Company), less the Liquidity.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f Bonds) or any amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.2 paragraph (j).
"Obligor" means the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Charter Company.
"Outstanding Bond Amount" means the Outstanding Bonds multiplied with the Nominal Amount.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by an Obligor under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parent" means the company designated as such in the preamble hereto, being the 100% direct owner of the Issuer.
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Disposal" means any sale or disposal of a Vessel (or as the case may be, the equity interests of a Vessel Owning Company), provided however, that any disposal of a Vessel or a Vessel Owning Company shall be conditional upon no Event of Default arising as a result of such disposal including the Issuer receiving satisfactory evidence that there will be no claims from that Vessel Owning Company against any Group Company following completion of the disposal, and any such sale or disposal shall only constitute a Permitted
14 (68)

Disposal if the net proceeds received from a Permitted Disposal is paid directly into the Disposal Account.
Upon the disposal of a Vessel Owning Company or Vessel and application of proceeds in accordance with the requirements for a Permitted Disposal (or the Bond Trustee being satisfied that proceeds will be so applied and subject to closing mechanics satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), the Bond Trustee shall, upon request and at the Issuer's cost, release any Security related to the Vessel (and/or Vessel Owning Company) divested through such Permitted Disposal.
"Permitted Divestment" means the sale of the two Marshall Islands registered gas-tankers GAS BATAM and GAS SULAWESI.
"Permitted Distribution" means, subject to the Vessel LTV Ratio being below 50% (tested pro-forma after the relevant Distribution) any Distributions limited upwards to the aggregate at any given time of:
(a) 75% of the Issuer's consolidated Adjusted Net Profit based on the latest annual financial statements (and where any unutilized portion of such consolidated Adjusted Net Profit from the immediately preceding calendar year (starting with 2018) may be carried forward);
(b) 100% of the amount of new equity injected into the Group after the date of these Bond Terms (unless already repaid to the shareholders as a Distribution); and
(c) following a Total Loss Event, in an amount not exceeding the (a) insurance proceeds received as a result of such Total Loss Event, less (b) any amounts prepaid in accordance with the relevant prepayment provisions of any Financial Indebtedness and (c) any cost payable by the Group in connection with such Total Loss Event,
provided however that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of making the relevant Distribution or would occur as a result of such Distribution.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) Financial Indebtedness arising under the Finance Documents;
(b) up until repaid by the Bond proceeds, the outstanding amounts under the Existing Debt;
(c) Financial Indebtedness arising under Shareholder Loans;
(d) Financial Indebtedness arising under any Group Loan;
(e) Financial Indebtedness arising under any intra group loans between Group Companies not being Group Loans;
(f) Financial Indebtedness arising under any hedging transaction for non-speculative purposes in the ordinary course of business of the relevant member of the Group;
15 (68)

(g) Financial Indebtedness incurred under any pension or tax liabilities in the ordinary course of business;
(h) any Short Term Credits;
(i) Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Charter Company in the form of capital leases entered into on arms' length terms from entities which are not members of the Group in an aggregate amount not to exceed the higher of (A) USD 5,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) or (B) 1.25% of the Market Value of the Vessels at any given time;
(j) Financial Indebtedness owed by a member of the Group which is an Obligor to another member of the Group which is not an Obligor, provided that such debt is either (i) subordinated to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, or (ii) if not expressly subordinated, does not at any time exceed an aggregate amount equal to the higher of (A) USD 5,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) or (B) 1.25% of the Market Value of the Vessels;
(k) Financial Indebtedness of any person acquired by a member of the Group after the Issue Date, where the Financial Indebtedness is incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not incurred or increased or having its maturity date extended in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and outstanding only for a period of 3 months following the date of that acquisition;
(l) any other Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which across the Group does not exceed an aggregate amount equal to the higher of (A) USD 20,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) or (B) 5.0% of the Market Value of the Vessels at any time;
(m) any Financial Indebtedness consisting of capital leases existing at the date of the Bond Terms in an amount not exceeding USD 40,000,000; and
(n) any refinancing, amendments or replacement of any of the above from time to time, however always subject to compliance with the Financial Covenants.
"Permitted Financial Support" means:
(a) any Financial Support made in relation to Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Security;
(b) any Financial Support to or on behalf of the Vessel Owning Companies or a company organized to acquire an Additional Vessel, or any security over cash paid into an escrow or similar account on ordinary market terms to complete a Permitted Disposal;
(c) Financial Support made between the Obligors under the Group Loans;
(d) any guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business,
(e) any guarantees as required under the Project Documents,
16 (68)

(f) any loans granted by a member of the Group which is an Obligor to a member of the Group which is not an Obligor provided such debt is either (i) subordinated to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee, or (ii) if not expressly subordinated, does not at any time exceed the higher of (A) USD 5,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) or (B) 1.25% of the Market Value of the Vessels at any given time; and
(g) any other Financial Support not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the Financial Support of which across the Group does not exceed the aggregate principal amount not exceeding the amount permitted pursuant to paragraph (k) of Permitted Financial Indebtedness at any given time.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) security established under the Transaction Security Documents,
(b) up until the repayment of the Existing Debt, any security under the Existing Debt (all of which shall be discharged in full following repayment of the Existing Debt);
(c) any security arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading to complete a Permitted Disposal;
(d) any security arising as a result of any cash pooling, netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances,
(e) any payments into court or any security arising under or pursuant to a court order or injunction or as security for costs arising in connection with any litigation or court proceedings being contested by any member of the Group in good faith (and which would otherwise not have a Material Adverse Effect);
(f) any security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and not arising as a result of a default or omission by any Group Company that is continuing for a period of more than 30 calendar days;
(g) any right of set-off arising under contracts entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their day-to-day business;
(h) any security in the form of cash deposit granted in respect of any hedging transaction for non-speculative purposes in the ordinary course of business of the relevant member of the Group;
(i) any security arising over any bank accounts or custody accounts or other clearing banking facilities held with any bank or financial institution under the standard terms and conditions of such bank or financial institution;
17 (68)

(j) any security over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a member of the Group after the date of this Agreement, where the security is created prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of the Group, if:
(i) the security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that company;
(ii) the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that company; and
(iii) the security is removed or discharged within 3 months of that company becoming a member of the Group; and
(k) any other security not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and securing a principal amount not exceeding the amount permitted pursuant to paragraph (j) of Permitted Financial Indebtedness at any given time and in no event to be created over any assets covered by the Transaction Security Documents.
"Piracy Event" means an expropriation or act of piracy of a Vessel (to the extent not a Total Loss Event and in the case of an act of piracy, provided always that such act of piracy event shall have continued for a period of more than 180 calendar days).
"Project Documents" means:
(a) the Management Agreements; and
(b) any Charter Contract with a duration of more than 24 months.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated as follows: Market Value o f the Vessel(s) sold or disposed of x B Market Value o f all Vessels prior to sale
where B is the Outstanding Bond Amount at the time of redemption.
Where a Vessel Owning Company is sold, "Vessel" shall for the purposes of this formula mean the Vessel owned by that Vessel Owning Company.
In the above calculation of the Redemption Amount, the following principles shall be applied:
18 (68)

(a) the calculation shall be made as per a calculation date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than five (5) Business Days prior to the Issuer giving notice of the relevant Mandatory Prepayment;
(b) the Market Value of the Vessel(s) disposed shall be the most recent Market Value of such Vessel prior to its Permitted Disposal; and
(c) the Market Value of all the Vessels shall be the sum of:
(i) the Market Value of all the Vessels at the time of the calculation, based on valuations dated no earlier than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date as of which the Redemption Amount is calculated; and
(ii) the value of the Vessel disposed, as calculated in the numerator of the fraction above.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date, the Longstop Date or the Maturity Date.
"Reporting Date" means the day falling sixty (60) days after the end of a Quarter Date.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
19 (68)

"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Shareholder Loans" means any existing or future loan provided to the Issuer by any direct or indirect shareholder or member of the Issuer or any other affiliated party not being a Group Company, excluding any Short Term Credits, and provided that such loans are fully subordinated (including with a maturity date falling after repayment of the Bonds and no payment of principal) to all amounts owed under the Bonds pursuant to the Subordination Agreement which shall include provisions ensuring (i) no acceleration of the loan or enforcement rights of any claim prior to all outstanding amounts under the Bonds having been repaid and discharged in full and (ii) obligations on the lender of each such loan to fully cooperate and take any steps that may be required by the Bond Trustee to protect the rights of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Transaction Security Documents, provided that interest on Shareholder Loans may be paid in cash subject to the interest rate being on marketable terms and no Event of Default being outstanding (and interest payments in cash only to be made to the extent it is a Permitted Distribution)), and where each such loan granted to any of the Obligors shall be subject to the Assignment of Shareholder Loans.
"Short Term Credits" means non-interest bearing loans or other credits that are provided by the Sponsor or another shareholder of the Issuer and granted to a member of the Group and that are due and payable in full within 30 days (without any roll-over loan permitted to be included).
"Sponsor" means KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC and its affiliates, including but not limited to KKR & Co. L.P. and Kholberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (collectively, "KKR"), acting directly or through any of KKR's managed or advised funds and accounts.
"Subordination Agreement" means an agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Issuer, the Parent and any other Obligor, subordinating the claims arising under the Group Loan and under any Shareholders Loans to the Bond Terms and the other Finance Documents, on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
20 (68)

"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Tap Issue Addendum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Tap Issue Date" shall have the meaning given to such term in Clause 2.1.
"Tap Issue Test" means:
(a) Tap Issue Test A: The Vessel LTV Ratio is below 50%.
(b) Tap Issue Test B: The Parent and/or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (outside the Group), in connection with the Tap Issue, provides the Group with cash equity funding in an amount of no less than 1.5 times the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds to be issued through such Tap Issue in connection with an Additional Vessel Acquisition.
The Tap Issue Test is met if the Issuer meets the requirements of either Tap Issue Test A or Tap Issue Test B, and no Event of Default is outstanding or will occur from such Tap Issue.
The calculation of the Vessel LTV Ratio in accordance with the Tap Issue Test A above shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Tap Issue Date, according to the following principles:
(a) the aggregated Market Value of the Vessels employed in the calculation shall be based on valuations dated no earlier than thirty (30) Business Days prior to the relevant Tap Issue Date;
(b) the net proceeds to be deposited into the Escrow Account from such relevant Tap Issue shall be included; and
(c) the Outstanding Bond Amount shall take into account the additional Bonds resulting from the relevant Tap Issue.
The Issuer shall as conditions precedent to a Tap Issue provide to the Bond Trustee, in the event the Tap Issue is conducted in compliance with:
(a) the Tap Issue Test A, satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer meets the requirements of the Tap Issue Test A; or
(b) the Tap Issue Test B, satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer has received such minimum equity contribution required to meet the Tap Issue Test B.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Technical Management Agreements" means the agreements entered into with an Approved Technical Manager of the Vessels.
"Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of any of the Vessels.
21 (68)

"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge, all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) and documentation relating to any Cash Deposit, expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Transaction Value" means:
(a) in connection with a Permitted Disposal of a Vessel, the actual sales price net of transaction cost and tax received by the relevant Group Company from the relevant Permitted Disposal; or
(b) in connection with an Additional Vessel Acquisition, the actual purchase price including direct transaction cost paid by the relevant Group Company.
"Vessel LTV Ratio Covenant Cure" has the meaning given to it in Clause 14.23.
"Vessel LTV Ratio" means the ratio of Outstanding Bond Amount, less (A) any amount standing to the Issuer's credit on the Escrow Account and (B) any free Liquidity within the Group, to the sum of (1) the total aggregate Market Value of the Vessels (which, in relation to an Additional Vessel, shall be deemed to equal the relevant Transaction Value of any such Vessel at the time of acquisition and for a period of 60 days thereafter, after which the value of such Vessel shall be determined as the Market Value), and (2) any amount standing to the credit of the Disposal Account.
"Vessel Manager" means Chembulk Maritime USA LLC (a limited liability company registered in Delaware with organisation number 5751749), a directly or indirectly 100% owned subsidiary of the Issuer.
"Vessel Manager's Undertaking" shall have the meaning given to such term in Clause 6.1(c)(xv).
"Vessel Owner Share Pledge" means a pledge granted over all of the shares or limited liability company interests (100%) in each of (i) Chembulk Group LLC and Chembulk Chemicals LLC, and (ii) the Vessel Owning Companies (other than the Issuer), together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members to the extent applicable under local law, relevant stock transfer forms which may become effective upon an Event of Default.
"Vessel Owning Companies" means:
(a) the Group Companies set out in Attachment 3 hereto under the headline "Vessel Owning Company", which will be the 100% direct owners of the Initial Vessels; and
(b) any Group Company being or becoming the owner of an Additional Vessel,
22 (68)

all Vessel Owning Companies to be directly or indirectly 100% owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer and registered in the Marshall Islands or another jurisdiction acceptable to the Bond Trustee (each a "Vessel Owning Company").
"Vessels" means the Initial Vessels and the Additional Vessels (each a "Vessel") (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Vessel divested through a Permitted Disposal).
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) resolution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;
(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;
(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;
(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds).
(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and
(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
23 (68)

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 250,000,000 (the "Maximum Issue Amount"). The Bonds may be issued on different issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of up to USD 200,000,000. The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in Clause 6.2 (Tap Issues) are met, at one or more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have been redeemed in full (a "Tap Issue Date") issue Additional Bonds (each a "Tap Issue") until the aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of the Outstanding Bonds equals the Maximum Issue Amount (less the aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of any previously redeemed Bonds). Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds issued pursuant to the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out in these Bond Terms, except that Additional Bonds may be issued at a different price than for the Initial Bond Issue and which may be below or above the Nominal Amount. For Tap Issues not falling on an Interest Payment Date, accrued interest will be calculated using standard market practice in the secondary bond market. The Bond Trustee shall prepare an addendum to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of each Tap Issue (a "Tap Issue Addendum").

(b) The Bonds are denominated in US Dollars (USD), being the legal currency of the United States of America.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is USD 1.00.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010814593. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.3 Use of proceeds (a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue solely towards:

(i) pay Distributions for the purpose of repaying the Existing Debt (including accrued interest and costs in connection with the prepayment),

(ii) payment of costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer under the issuance of the Initial Bond Issue, and

(iii) for general corporate purposes.

(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bonds to finance any Group Company's Additional Vessel Acquisitions, and shall be permitted to include payment of:

(i) an amount up to the Transaction Value of any relevant Additional Vessel Acquisition;

24 (68)

(ii) an amount of up to USD 1,000,000 to cover the working capital requirements pertaining to such Additional Vessel; and
(iii) any CAPEX requirements according to a detailed CAPEX budget provided by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee pertaining to such Additional Vessel in respect of any initial investments, any upgrade and/or any drydocking, in each case to be completed within the next following twelve (12) months period (form the relevant Additional Vessel Acquisition).
(c) Always subject to the aforesaid in this Clause 2.3 (b), the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bond shall exclusively be applied towards financing (in whole or in part) of Additional Vessel Acquisitions by any Group Companies, except as permitted in Clause 6.1(h).
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer and shall be secured on a first-priority basis by the Transaction Security. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application, including maritime liens) and will rank ahead of subordinated debt.
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent with first priority within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditions for disbursement):
Pre-Settlement Security:
(i) the Escrow Account Pledge;
Pre-Disbursement Security:
(ii) the Mortgages;
(iii) the Issuer Share Pledge;
(iv) each Vessel Owner Share Pledge;
(v) the Charter Company Share Pledge;
(vi) the Charter Contract Assignments;
(vii) the Asset Security Agreements;
(viii) the Assignments o f Earnings;
(ix) the Account Pledges;
(x) the Assignment o f Commercial Management Agreements;
25 (68)

(xi) each Assignment of Insurances;

(xii) Assignment of Shareholder Loans;

(xiii) the Guarantees; and

(xiv) if relevant, Security as mentioned above in respect of any vessels other than the Vessels owned by a Group Company (provided that such vessel is to be applied as a Cure Vessel).

(b) The Pre-Settlement Security set out in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) paragraph (a) shall be established no later than two (2) Business Days before the Issue Date (or as the case may be, the Tap Issue Date). The Pre-Disbursement Security set out in this Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) shall be established prior to (or as the case may be, in connection with) the release of funds from the Initial Issue Amount (or as the case may be, the Tap Issue) from the Escrow Account, subject to an agreed closing procedure (takin into account the release of security under the Existing Debt.

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

26 (68)

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorization that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall apply for the Bonds to be admitted to listing on Oslo Børs within 9 months of the Issue Date.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD
The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer Pre-settlement:

(a) Payment of the proceeds (net of fees and legal cost and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Bond Issue) from the Initial Bond Issue into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties hereto;

(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law;

(iii) copies of all corporate resolutions of the Parent and the Issuer required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and the Parent and the Issuer to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than in respect of Finance Documents to

27 (68)

be delivered under Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (c));
(iv) a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from the Parent and the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, (other than in respect of Finance Documents to be delivered under Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph(c));
(v) copies of the Parent's and the Issuer's certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement and certificates of goodstanding issued by the Republic of The Marshall Islands evidencing that the Parent and the Issuer are validly existing;
(vi) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;
(vii) confirmation that the applicable exemption from the prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) and Chapter 7 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act concerning the issuance of the Bonds has been fulfilled;
(viii) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(ix) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;
(x) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (if any);
(xi) the Project Documents in acceptable form and duly executed;
(xii) any statement or legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of the Bond Terms and the Finance Documents to be delivered as pre-settlement conditions precedent set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (a)); and
(xiii) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the issuance of the Bonds.
Tap Issue pre-settlement:
(b) In connection with a Tap Issue, payment of the net proceeds from the Tap Issue into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) a Tap Issue Addendum duly executed by all parties thereto;
(ii) re-delivery of the conditions precedent in subsection (ii) - (vii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii) and (xiii) as set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (a) above; and
28 (68)

(iii) that the Tap Issue is conducted in compliance with:
(A) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer meets the requirements of the Tap Issue Test A; or
(B) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Group has been provided such minimum equity contribution required to meet the Tap Issue Test B.
Pre-disbursement - Initial Vessels
(c) The net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue for the purposes specified in Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds) will not be disbursed from the Escrow Account to the Issuer unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, as set out in Schedule 2;
(ii) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the use of proceeds as set out in Clause 2.3 (Use o f proceeds);
(iii) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts are opened;
(iv) the Transaction Security Documents related to the Initial Vessels duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security to be done as soon as possible after release of funds from the Escrow Account (if required in accordance with a closing procedure, including a description of flow of funds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee);
(v) unless delivered under Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (a) above as pre-settlement conditions precedent:
(A) copies of all corporate resolutions of each Obligor required for the relevant Obligor to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(B) a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(C) copies of the Obligors' certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement and certificates of goodstanding issued by the Republic of The Marshall Islands in respect of the Obligors evidencing that the Obligors are validly existing; and
(D) any governmental approvals, consent or waivers required for the Guarantors to execute the Finance Documents to which each of them is a party;
29 (68)

(vi) documentation of insurance policies relating to the Initial Vessels evidencing that the Issuer is in compliance with the undertakings in 14.24(e)(Vessel undertakings) concerning insurance (including a confirmation from BankServe or other third party insurance advisor acceptable to the Bond Trustee);
(vii) copies of loan agreements for each Group Loan;
(viii) the Subordination Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(ix) evidence that (a) the Existing Debt will be repaid in full by the first release of funds from the Escrow Account, and that (b) all and any security for the Existing Debt will be discharged immediately upon repayment of the Existing Debt;
(x) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release of funds from the Escrow Account;
(xi) pro-forma balance sheet dated on the release date showing that (a) the Group has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents or permitted thereunder, or Financial Indebtedness consisting of capital leases for vessels leased at the date of these Bond Terms, and (b) the Group has Liquidity of minimum USD 65,000,000, duly certified by an officer or the member of the Issuer;
(xii) transcripts from the relevant registry showing that each Vessel is duly registered in the name o f the respective Vessel Owning Company, flying the flag o f an Approved Flag state and free and clear o f any encumbrances other than any Permitted Security;
(xiii) a copy o f the class certificate for each Vessel from the relevant classification society, confirming that the Vessel is classed with the highest class normally used for such vessels, free o f material overdue recommendations and adverse notations affecting that Vessel's class;
(xiv) a copy of the current SMC, ISSC and DOC for the relevant Vessels;
(xv) an undertaking from any Vessel Manager subordinating its claims to the Bonds and granting termination rights to the Bond Trustee in case o f a default under these Bond Terms, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee (the "Vessel Manager's Undertaking");
(xvi) any other Finance Documents duly executed by all parties thereto in satisfactory form and perfected (as applicable);
(xvii) the Process Letter as set out in Clause 20.4 (Service o fprocess); and
(xviii) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Obligors and the legality, validity and enforceability o f Finance Documents, unless delivered under Clause 6.1
30 (68)

(Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (a) as pre settlement conditions precedent).
Pre-disbursement - Additional Vessel Acquisitions
(d) Any proceeds to be employed towards Additional Vessel Acquisitions shall be subject to certain conditions precedent as customary for these types of transaction, including but not limited to:
(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, as set out in Schedule 2;
(ii) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied for Additional Vessel Acquisitions in accordance with the use of proceeds as set out in Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds);
(iii) the Transaction Security Documents related to the Additional Vessels and related Vessel Owning Companies duly executed by all parties thereto and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security to be done as soon as possible after release of funds from the Escrow Account (if required in accordance with a closing procedure, including a description of flow of funds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee);
(iv) in respect of each Vessel Owning Company and each other Obligor providing Security in relation to the relevant Additional Vessels;
(A) copies of all corporate resolutions to execute the Finance Documents relating to the Additional Vessels to which it is a party;
(B) a copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents relating to the Additional Vessels to which it is a party;
(C) copies of certificate of incorporation, articles of association or other constitutional documents as applicable, and of a full extract from the relevant company registers or certificate of goodstanding evidencing that they are validly existing;
(v) documentation of insurance policies relating to the Additional Vessels evidencing that the Issuer is in compliance with the undertakings in 14.24(e)(Vessel undertakings) concerning insurance (including a confirmation from BankServe or other third party insurance advisor acceptable to the Bond Trustee);
(vi) a copy of the loan agreement for any additional Group Loan;
(vii) amendments to the Subordination Agreement and/or Vessel Manager's Undertaking (if applicable);
(viii) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release of funds from the Escrow Account;
31 (68)

(ix) any other Finance Document duly executed by all parties thereto; and
(x) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the relevant Obligors and the legality, validity and enforceability of Finance Documents relating to the Additional Vessels.
Tap Issue pre-disbursement
(e) In connection with a Tap Issue, the net proceeds from the Tap Issue will not be released (in full or parts) from the Escrow Account and disbursed to the Issuer unless the Bond Trustee (subject to customary closing conditions) shall have received prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the corresponding relevant documents mentioned in Clause 6.1 (Conditions Precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (d) (Pre-disbursement - Additional Vessel Acquisitions) above together with any relevant Transaction Security Documents and the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) any other transaction specific conditions precedent as may be required under a Tap Issue; and
(ii) in case the Tap Issue is conducted in compliance with Tap Issue Test B, funds shall be released from the Escrow Account according to the debt to equity ratio as set out under Tap Issue Test B.
(f) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the requirements for documentation set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
(g) The Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent may be made subject to a closing procedure (the "Closing Procedure") agreed between the Bond Trustee, the Issuer and existing creditors of the Obligors, and be delivered prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account. Perfection of security shall be established as soon as possible on or after the first release of funds from the Escrow Account according to the terms of the Closing Procedure, meaning that any documents to be registered may be filed for registration on the date of disbursement of the net proceeds of the issuance of Bonds from the Escrow Account.
(h) If, in relation to net proceeds from a Tap Issue, at any time, the amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account is less than USD 2,000,000 and such amount has been standing to the credit of the Escrow Account for more than 3 months, such amount may freely be released to the Issuer and applied for general corporate purposes of the Group.
6.2 Tap Issues The Issuer may issue Additional Bonds if:
32 (68)

(a) the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum;

(b) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and repeated by the Issuer as at the date of issuance of such Additional Bonds; and

(c) the Issuer meets the Tap Issue Test.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the date of these Bond Terms;

(b) at the Issue Date;

(c) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account; and

(d) at the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds:

7.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly formed and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

33 (68)

7.5 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance has occured which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorizations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarisations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
34 (68)

7.12 P a r i p a s s u ranking
Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4 (Status o f the Bonds).

7.13 Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest
(a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent. per annum.

(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.

35 (68)

8.3 Partial payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause 15.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 16 (Bondholders' decisions).
8.4 Taxation (a) Each Obligor is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Obligors shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
8.5 Currency (a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
36 (68)

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, the Interest Rate of the Bonds in paragraph (a) above shall increase by 50 basis points.

(c) Interest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Additional Bond for each Interest Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the issuance of the Additional Bonds (or, if the date of the issuance is not an Interest Payment Date and there is no Interest Payment Date prior to such date of issuance, starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date).

(d) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).

9.2 Payment of interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION ANDREPURCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option
(a) The Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:

37 (68)

(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in February 2021 at a price equal to 104.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iii) Interest Payment Date in February 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in August 2021 at a price equal to 103.20 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iv) Interest Payment Date in August 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in February 2022 at a price equal to 102.40 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(v) Interest Payment Date in February 2022 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in August 2022 at a price equal to 101.60 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(vi) the Interest Payment Date in August 2022 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.80 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond,
in addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than 20, Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Voluntary early redemption - Equity Clawback in connection with an IPO (a) The Issuer may at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date on no less than ten (10) Business Days and no more than thirty (30) Business Days prior notice use the net cash proceeds received by the Group from an IPO or, following an IPO, the equivalent amount of cash on the Issuer's balance sheet to repay at 105% of the Nominal Amount of an amount of Bonds not exceeding 30% of the sum of the Initial Issue Amount (the "Equity Clawback").
38 (68)

(b) Such redemptions shall be applied pro rata between the Bondholders in accordance with the procedures of the CSD, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds being redeemed shall be paid together with principal on the date of such early redemption, provided that such interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of Bonds the Issuer is permitted to repay in accordance with this provision.
(c) For the avoidance of doubt, redemption in accordance with this Clause 10.3 may be exercised in addition to the Call Option in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption Call Option).
10.4 Early redemption due to a tax event If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any tax from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest). The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall immediately redeem the Bonds at a price of 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus accrued interest, by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
10.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101.0 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
39 (68)

(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.7 Mandatory redemption - Permitted Disposal, Total Loss and Piracy Event (a) Upon a Permitted Disposal occurring, the Issuer may (subject to the further terms and conditions set out under Permitted Disposal) redeem Bonds with a minimum amount equal to the Redemption Amount on the following prices:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to 105.0% of the Nominal Amount; and
(ii) from and including the First Call Date on the redemption prices as set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option),
in addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds.
(b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, upon a Total Loss Event or Piracy Event occurring, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds related to such Total Loss Event or Piracy Event are available, and in any event no later than 180 days following the Total Loss Event or Piracy Event (as the case may be), redeem the Bonds with an amount equal to the Redemption Amount at a price equal to 100.0% of the Nominal Amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds.
(c) No redemption of Bonds under paragraph (b) shall be required if the Issuer deposits the insurance proceeds on the Disposal Account and the application o f such funds shall then be subject to the terms and conditions for funds credited to the Disposal Account, cf. Clause 14.10 (Disposal Account).
(d) For the avoidance o f doubt, the redemption price under paragraph (a) above shall be determined based on the date the Permitted Disposal occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.
10.8 Proceeds on Accounts If the Bonds shall be redeemed in full following Mandatory Prepayment, a Call Option or at the Maturity Date the entire amount in the Accounts may be used as partial payment.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained or sold (but not be cancelled) in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
40 (68)

11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) Each of the Parent and the Issuer shall, without being requested to do so, prepare and deliver the Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on the Parent's website (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata or on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year (unless an exemption from standard information requirements pertaining to the listing of the Bonds is granted by the Exchange, in which case any later date specified in the exemption shall apply); and
(b) Each of the Parent and the Issuer shall, without being requested to do so, prepare and deliver the Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata or on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than the relevant Reporting Date.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (a) and (b) (Financial Reports) a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Reports attached thereto.
(b) In addition the Issuer shall provide a Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the occurrence of;
(i) a Permitted Disposal (and the corresponding Mandatory Prepayment); or
(ii) Tap Issue Test A occurring.
(c) The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Financial Reports are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date o f those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 14.22 (Financial Covenants) as at such date.
41 (68)

(d) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Documentation in relation to an Additional Vessel Acquisition The Issuer shall always deliver to the Bond Trustee in connection with an Additional Vessel Acquisition the following relevant documentation:
(a) a certified copy of the memorandum of agreement ("MOA") in respect of the Additional Vessel;
(b) a copy of the protocol of delivery and acceptance in respect of the Additional Vessel;
(c) SMC (safety management certificate), DOC (document of compliance from the relevant Group Company's technical manager of such Additional Vessel), and ISSC (international ship security certificate); and
(d) such other relevant documentation in relation to an Additional Vessel as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.
12.5 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
42 (68)

13. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS The Parent undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (Parent Undertakings).
13.1 Compliance with laws The Parent shall comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Corporate status The Parent shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of formation.
13.3 Continuation of business The Parent shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business from that carried on by the Group at the Issue Date.
13.4 Arm's length transactions The Parent shall not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
13.5 Issuer ownership The Parent shall maintain direct or indirect ownership of 100% of the equity interests and voting rights of the Issuer.
14. ISSUER UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 14 (Issuer Undertakings).
14.1 Distributions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, make any Distribution other than a Distribution in favour of another Group Company or a Permitted Distribution.
14.2 Investments The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will make any investments or capital expenditures, other than Additional Vessel Acquisitions or otherwise solely related to the direct or indirect ownership in and operation, maintenance and improvement of the Vessels.
14.3 Ownership The Issuer shall:
(a) remain the sole owner (directly and indirectly) of the other Vessel Owning Companies; and
43 (68)

(b) ensure that the Vessel Owning Companies shall continue to directly hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the respective Vessels, except for any such cease or change resulting from Permitted Disposals.

14.4 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, cease to carry on its business or change the general nature of its business from that carried on by the Group at the Issue Date, except for any such cease or change resulting from Permitted Disposals or Additional Vessel Acquisitions.

14.5 Mergers and de-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any de merger, merger or other corporate restructuring involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect (except for any intra-Group reorganization which would not have a Material Adverse Effect).

14.6 Disposals
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or dispose of a Vessel or any other asset which is subject to the Security other than a Permitted Disposal.

14.7 Financial Indebtedness restriction
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

14.8 Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create or permit to subsist any security over:

(a) the limited liability company interests or shares issued by the Charter Company (other than pursuant to the Finance Documents);

(b) any rights or the delegation of any obligations under the Project Documents or any charter arrangement to which it is or becomes party other than the Transaction Security; or

(c) any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect other than Permitted Security.

14.9 Financial support restriction
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, grant any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Company, other than any Permitted Financial Support.

14.10

Disposal account
The Issuer shall procure that funds paid into the Disposal Account shall remain pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) until they are employed

44 (68)

(no later than 24 months thereafter following the relevant Permitted Disposal or Total Loss Event (as the case may be)) as follows:

(a) towards Mandatory Prepayment (subject to a no less than 5 Business Days prior written notice to the Bondholders) until a Vessel LTV Ratio of 30% is reached, after which any remaining funds on the Disposal Account may be released to the Group; and/or

(b) towards financing (in whole or in part) of the acquisition of any replacement assets satisfying the conditions as set out under the definition of Additional Vessels and acquired at Market Value either externally or from another Group Company not being part of the Group and over which new Security shall be granted, after which any remaining funds on the Disposal Account if less than USD 1,000,000 may be released to the Group.

14.11

Maintenance of Security
The Issuer shall maintain the Transaction Security Documents in full force and effect, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with first priority ranking, creating the security contemplated thereunder, at the expense of the Issuer, or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).

14.12

Authorizations
The Issuer shall procure that each Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorization, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of the Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.

14.13

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

14.14

Claims from Vessel Owning Companies
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company, ensure that upon the completion of a sale of a Vessel Owning Company, there shall be no claims from that Vessel Owning Company against any Group Company

14.15

Issuer's new shares
The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents unless related to issuance of new limited liability company interests or shares to the Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such shares are subject to the Issuer Share Pledge

14.16

Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Vessel Owning Companies' business and

45 (68)

upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Vessel Owning Companies, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

14.17

Jurisdiction of incorporation
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

14.18

Deposits in the bank accounts
The Issuer shall ensure that cash deposited in bank accounts which are not pledged pursuant to the Account Pledges shall not throughout the Group at any given time in aggregate exceed USD 5,000,000 (or equivalent in other currencies).

14.19 Sale- and leaseback transaction The Issuer shall not enter into any sale- and leaseback transactions.

14.20

Earnings
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each other Group Company, ensure that all Earnings related to the Vessels and any insurance or sale proceeds (in each case being payable to the relevant Vessel Owning Company or the Issuer) shall be paid into the relevant bank accounts being subject to the security set out herein with either the Vessel Owning Company or the Issuer.

14.21

Project Documents The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, agree to any changes to the Project Documents which are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14.22 Financial Covenants The Issuer shall at all times:

(a) ensure that the Vessel LTV Ratio does not exceed 75%; and

(b) maintain the Minimum Liquidity,

together, the "Financial Covenants".

The Issuer shall comply (or procure compliance) with the Financial Covenants at all times, and:

(a) the Liquidity shall be reported by the Issuer and the Parent (as relevant) on each Quarter Date in the Compliance Certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee in connection with each Interim Accounts on the respective Reporting Dates; and

(b) the Vessel LTV shall be reported by the Issuer semi-annually on each Calculation Date, and certified by the Issuer in the Compliance Certificate no later than thirty (30) days after the relevant Calculation Date.

46 (68)

14.23

Vessel LTV Ratio Covenant Cure (a) If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with the Vessel LTV Ratio at any
time and the Issuer prior to the relevant Reporting Date has provided either:

(i) a Cure Vessel and Security in respect of such Cure Vessel along the security principles applicable to the Vessels, cf. Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) above, or

(ii) a Cash Deposit bridging the value shortfall,

then (A) if a Cure Vessel is provided, the Vessel LTV Ratio shall be recalculated on the basis that the Market Value of such Cure Vessel shall be deemed to increase the total aggregate Market Value of the Vessels for the relevant period to which the (expected) breach relates, and (B) if cash collateral is provided and for as long as such cash collateral remains in place, the Outstanding Bond Amount shall, for the purpose of the Vessel LTV Ratio only, be deemed to be reduced by the amount of the cash collateral so provided (the "Vessel LTV Ratio Covenant Cure").

(b) If, after the Vessel LTV Ratio is recalculated as set out above, the breach has been prevented or cured, the Vessel LTV Ratio shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the date of the relevant Reporting Date.

(c) If a Cure Vessel or cash collateral has been provided in accordance with this Vessel LTV Ratio Covenant Cure, the security arrangement or relevant Cash Deposit amount shall be released by the Bond Trustee at the request of the Issuer, if on the next relevant Reporting Date pertaining to the ensuing semi-annual Vessel LTV Ratio measurement the Vessel LTV Ratio will be fully satisfied following any such release (provided such compliance is confirmed in the Compliance Certificate delivered following such Reporting Date).

14.24 Vessel undertakings The Issuer (and/or each Group Company, where applicable) shall procure that:

(a) the Vessels are operated in all material respects in accordance with laws and regulations (and in compliance with all Norwegian, UK, EU (including each of the individual member states), US and UN sanctions regimes at all times) and good industry standards;

(b) the Vessel Owning Companies shall remain single purpose companies, conducting no other business than such activities naturally related to its ownership of the relevant Vessels, except for any such cease or change resulting from Permitted Disposals or Additional Vessel Acquisitions;

(c) no amendments, supplements, variations or waiver of any material terms of the Management Agreements to be made if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver would have a Material Adverse Effect;

(d) the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto are reasonably and satisfactorily maintained at all times, hereunder to retain the Vessels in class. During operation of

47 (68)

the Vessels, the Issuer shall ensure that the Approved Technical Manager (including any sub-contractors) runs proper maintenance of the Vessels and keeps the Vessels in good and safe condition and repair consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards;
(e) insurance of the Vessels are taken out and maintained with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, including adequate insurance arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction. Each of the Vessels shall be adequately insured against (A) Hull & Machinery risks at least covering the higher of (i) 100% of the Market Value of such Vessel and (ii) in respect of such Vessel, together with the Hull & Machinery cover for the other Vessels, 120% of the principal amount of Outstanding Bond Amount (less the amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account) at any time, taking into account the aggregated value of all Vessels, (B) third party liability as per industry standards (P&I), (C) war risk (including expropriation risk) as per industry standards, and (D) any additional insurances required under law or any charter contract. Also, for the benefit of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), a Mortgagee Interest Insurance ("MII") and Mortgagee Additional Perils (Pollution) Insurance ("MAPI") or similar insurance shall be taken out (at the expense of the Issuer), if the Bond Trustee so require;
(f) upon request of the Bond Trustee, arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Vessels without interference of the daily operation of the Vessels and at the expense of the Issuer (however limited to maximum one yearly inspection per vessel unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing);
(g) there is no purchase of any Additional Vessel which is more than 10 years old at the time of purchase;
(h) enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the relevant Vessel is to the best of its knowledge at all times operated and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents; and
(i) no change of flag, name and registry unless to Approved Flag State, always provided that such approval will not be required if a change is required and permitted pursuant to any Charter Contract for the relevant vessel and the Transaction Security Documents are not impaired.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
15.1 Events of Default Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 15.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
48 (68)

An Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for any Obligor or Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
49 (68)

provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of USD 10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings
Any Obligor:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 15.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of any Obligor having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 15.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of such Obligor to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
50 (68)

(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
15.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 15.3 (Bondholders' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
15.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 15.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
15.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(a) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 15.1 (Events o f Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(b) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
16. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
51 (68)

(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 17.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50 per cent. of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 18.1 (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
16.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in
52 (68)

accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairperson and at least one other person. The minutes
53 (68)

will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
16.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 16 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 16.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders'
54 (68)

Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting) and vice versa.
16.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 16.2(Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 16.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 16.5 (Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution
55 (68)

summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o fBondholders' Meeting).
17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
17.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
17.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event
56 (68)

of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 17.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
57 (68)

17.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
17.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders .
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's
58 (68)

obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to any Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 16.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
17.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 16 (Bondholders' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 17.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 17.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such
59 (68)

effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
17.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 17.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
18. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
18.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers (a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
60 (68)

(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders' Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
18.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 18 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 Limitation of claims All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
19.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
61 (68)

(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
19.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
19.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium
62 (68)

payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event), Clause 12.5 (Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 14 (Issuer undertakings);
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(C) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 19.4 may not be reversed.
20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 20.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
20.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any
63 (68)

legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court. 20.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 20 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right: (a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or any o f its/their
respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and (b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent
jurisdiction concurrently. 20.4 Service of process
(a) Without prejudice to any other mode o f service allowed under any relevant law, the Issuer: (i) irrevocably appoint, by a separate process letter (the "Process Letter"), a process agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings in connection with these Bond Terms; and (ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the Issuer of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.
(b) If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service of process, the Issuer must immediately (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee. Failing this, the Bond Trustee may appoint another agent for this purpose. --- 000---
These Bond Terms have been executed in three originals, of which the Parent, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.
64 (68)

SIGNATURES:

The Issuer: Chembulk Holding LLC

The Parent: Chembulk Tankers LLC

....<y .f.. # ....

By:

P C tfW o

Position:

Bond Trustee and Security Agent: Nordic Trustee AS

....&0*.-.^. .f ...T : ....--......

By:

(°

Position: (Z^f^

By: Position:

65 (68)

The Issuer: Chembulk Holding LLC

SIGNATURES:
The Parent: Chembulk Tankers LLC

By: Position:
Bond Trustee and Security Agent: Nordic Trustee AS
l/jfi j/\ (J JJ/f?/ A^

By:

L a r s E rik Laeruim

Position:

By: Position:

65 (68)

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Chembulk Holding LLC 8.00% bonds 2018/2023 ISIN NO 0010814593

[date]

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2 of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee.
This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·].
Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.
With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
The Financial Covenants set out in Clause 14.22 (Financial Covenants) are met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.
We confirm that, to the best o f our knowledge, no Event o f Default has occurred or is likely to occur.

Yours faithfully, Chembulk Holding LLC

Name of authorized person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]

66 (68)

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Dear Sirs/Madams,

[date]

Chembulk Holding LLC 8.00% bonds 2018/2023 ISIN NO 0010814593
We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.

Yours faithfully, Chembulk Holding LLC

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

67 (68)

SCHEDULE 3 INITIAL VESSEL OWNING COMPANIES

Vessel:

Type

Ownership:

Vessel Owning Company:

IM O no.

1 CHEM BULK BARCELONA Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC Chem bulk B arcelona LLC 9278662

2 CHEMBULK HONGKONG

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk Hong Kong LLC

9278650

3 CHEMBULK HOUSTON

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC Chembulk H ouston LLC 9285469

4 CHEMBULK COLUMBUS

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chem bulk Colum bus LLC

9515319

5 CHEMBULK ORLEANS

N EW Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chem bulk N ew Orleans LLC

9273387

6 CHEMBULK NEW YORK

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk N ew York LLC

9262584

7 CHEMBULK SAVANNAH

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC Chem bulk Savannah LLC 9248461

8 CHEMBULK SYDNEY

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk Sydney LLC

9274288

9 CHEMBULK ULSAN

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk U lsan LLC

9294276

10 C H E M B U L K V IR G IN G.

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk V irgin Gorda LLC

9294288

11 C H E M B U L K W E L L IN G T O N C hem ical C h em bulk C hem icals LLC

Chembulk W ellington LLC

9274276

12 C H E M B U L K Y O K O H A M A C hem ical C h em bulk C hem icals LLC

Chembulk Yokohama LLC

9276248

13 C H E M B U L K W E S T P O R T

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC Chem bulk W estport LLC 9317858

14 C H E M B U L K V A N C O U V E R C hem ical C h em bulk C hem icals LLC

Chembulk Vancouver LLC

9282364

15 C H E M B U L K M IN N EA PO L IS

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk M inneapolis LLC

9335824

16 C H E M B U L K L IN D Y A L IC E C hem ical C h em bulk C hem icals LLC

Chem bulk Lindy A lice LLC

9374533

17 C H EM B U LK SIN G A PO RE

Chemical C hem bulk Chem icals LLC C hem bulk Singapore LLC 9330587

18 C H E M B U L K T O R T O L A

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chem bulk Tortola LLC

9342786

19 C H E M B U L K K O B E

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC

Chembulk Kobe LLC

9263136

20 CHEMBULK SHANGHAI

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC Chem bulk Shanghai LLC 9223916

21 C H EM B U LK G IBRA LTA R

Chemical Chem bulk Chemicals LLC Chembulk G ibraltar LLC 9236054

68 (68)

