ISINNO 001 060711.2
BOND AGREEMENT between
BOA Deep C AS AND BOA Sub C AS (Issuers) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN BOA Deep C AS AND BOA Sub C AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016
Idk

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Interpretation

3

2 The Bonds

12

3 Listing

13

4 Registration in a Securities Register

14

5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds

14

6 Conditions Precedent

14

7 Representations and Warranties

17

8 Status of the Bonds and security

19

9 Interest

20

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

20

11 Payments

23

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

25

13 Covenants

25

14 Fees and expenses

31

15 Events of Default

32

16 Bondholders' meeting

35

17 The Bond Trustee

37

18 Miscellaneous

40

This agreement has been entered into on 26 April 2011 between
(1) Boa Deep C AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 984 158 939) ("Boa Deep C") and Boa Sub C AS (a company incorporated in Noiway with Company No. 986 758 607) ("Boa Sub C") as issuers on a joint and several basis (the "Issuers", and when referred to as each individual company, the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Noiway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Accounts" means the following accounts in the name of any of the Issuers or Boa Offshore (as the case may be), in a bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(i) the Escrow Accoimt; and
(ii) the Earnings Accounts; and
(iii) the Debt Service Account.
"Assignment of Charter Contracts" means a first priority assignment of the rights of Boa Offshore (provided Boa Offshore is a party to a Charter Contract) or the relevant Issuer (as the case may be) under any Charter Contracts, to the extent it is legally possible pursuant to the relevant Charter Contract and applicable law, and always provided that the Issuers and Boa Offshore (as the case may be) shall use reasonable efforts for any such Charter Contract to allow for an assignment, related to the Vessels, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement. The Issuers shall give notice and use its best endeavours to obtain consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from any Charterer.
"Assignment of Earnings" means the assignment of the receivables of each of the Issuers or Boa Offshore under any Charter Contracts related to the Vessels, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers obligations under this Bond Agreement.

3

"Assignment of Insurances" means a first priority assignment over the insurances related to the Vessels, at any time, hi the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Assignment of Management Agreements" means a first priority assignment of the rights of Boa Offshore (provided Boa Offshore is a party to a Charter Contract) or the relevant Issuer (as the case may be) under the relevant Management Agreement (to the extent legally possible) including (i) a declaration of subordination from Boa Offshore in respect of any amounts payable by the Issuers to the Bondholders; and (ii) to the extent legally permissible, direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in the event o f an Event of Default, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers obligations under this Bond Agreement. The Issuers shall, and shall ensure that Boa Offshore (if relevant) shall, give notices and obtain acknowledgement from the Vessel Manager.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"BOA DEEP C" means the offshore construction vessel BOA DEEP C (IMO 9265342 and callsign9HA2621), which is owned by Boa Deep C.
"BOA SUB C" means the offshore construction vessel BOA SUB C (IMO 977 5153 and callsign9HUC8), which is owned by Boa Sub C.
"Boa Offshore" means Boa Offshore LLC, a company incorporated and existing under the laws of Delaware with tax identification no. 26-0757534, which is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Ultimate Parent.
"Boa Offshore LLC Share Pledge" means the pledge over all the Ultimate Parent's shares in Boa Offshore, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement,
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachment to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuers pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuers.
4

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day {Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, the amounts (expressed in NOK or NOK equivalent) on such date of the then current market value of:
(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and
(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, by an acceptable bank,
in each case, to which any of the Issuers are beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Issuer has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Encumbrance. For the sake of good order, any amount standing to the credit of any of the Accounts shall be regarded as free and unrestricted cash as long as no Event o f Default has occurred under any of the Finance Documents. An "acceptable bank" for this puipose is:
(a) a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or
(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway.
"Charter Contracts" means:
(i) the initial charter agreements with Aker Marine Contractors AS dated 19 August 2008 and 17 August 2005 related to BOA DEEP C and BOA SUB C respectively (the "Initial Charter");
(ii) any charter entered into or to be entered into between Boa Deep C and Boa Offshore and any charter agreement entered into or to be entered into between Boa Offshore and Aker Marine Contractors AS on terms reflecting the Initial Charter related to BOA DEEP C (the "Boa Offshore Charter");
5

(iii) any other time- and/or bareboat charter and/or other contract of employment in respect o f any of the Vessels to be entered into between any of the Issuers or Boa Offshore (as the case may be) and the relevant contracting party and/or between any of the Issuers and Boa Offshore(each a "New Charter").
"Charterer" means Aker Marine Contractors AS or any other person which enters into a charter party or other contract of employment with any of the Issuers or Boa Offshore (as the case may be) in respect of any of the Vessels.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Debt Service Account" means a bank account in the name of both of the Issuers and blocked in favor o f the Bond Trustee.
"Debt Service Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in the Debt Service Reserve Account, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Earnings Account" means bank accounts in the name o f each of the Issuers or Boa Offshore (as the case may be) (together the "Earnings Accounts") and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), but not blocked (unless an Event of Default is outstanding).
"Earnings Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in the Earnings Accounts, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of both of the Issuers, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the · Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge in the Escrow Account, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
6

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuers have applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Factoring Agreement" means a first priority charge of trade receivables (Norwegian: "factoringpant") of the Issuers, such Factoring Agreement to be registered with the Norwegian Registry of Movable Property at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2,1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuers referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by any of the Issuers or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising o f money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any foiward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

7

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated annual accounts and financial statements of each of the Issuers for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Interest Payment Date" means 27 January, 27 April, 27 July and 27 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Intra Group Loans" means each of the Issuers loans to the Parent, as made in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue, as described in Clause 2.3.1.
"Intra Group Loan Assignment" means the first priority assignment of the Intra Group Loans, and all the Issuers present and future money claims related to this, as made in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue, as described in Clause 2.3.1, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 27 April 2011.
"Issuers' Bonds" means Bonds owned by any of the Issuers, any party or parties who have decisive influence over any of the Issuers, or any party or parties over whom any of the Issuers have decisive influence.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means the pledge over all of the Parent's shares in each of the Issuers, at any time, in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Management Agreements" means the agreements entered into between the Vessel Manager and Boa Offshore or each of the Issuers (as the case may be) for the operational, technical and commercial management o f each of the Vessels.
"Mandatory Redemption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Redemption).
"Mandatory Redemption Event" means if: (a) any of the Vessels are sold or disposed of (a "Vessel Disposal Event"), or
8

(b) any of the Parent's shares in any of the Issuers are sold or disposed of or the Parent's 100 % ownership and voting rights in each of the Issuers otherwise is diluted (a "Share Disposal Event", and together with Vessel Disposal Event a "Disposal Event"), or (c) there is a Total Loss of any of the Vessels (a "Total Loss Event").
"Margin" means 5.50 percentage points per annum.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Vessels, or the relevant Vessel, in NOK as determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of Vessels, or the relevant Vessel, obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase shipbrokers, appointed by any o f the Issuers and approved by the Bond Trustee, and familiar with the markets in which the Vessels operates. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost o f such determination shall be for the account of the Issuers. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following the occurrence of an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of any of the Issuers, (b) any of the Issuers' ability individually or combined to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any of the other Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any of the other Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 27 April 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the cross collateralized mortgage over each of the Vessels (together the "Mortgages"), in the amount set out in Clause 2.2.1 plus interest and expenses, including appurtenant assignment o f the relevant insurance policies taken in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), securing the Issuers' obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorized exchange banks in the Oslo market (tire "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that
9

Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that M erest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that M erest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means Taubatkompaniet AS (Company No.: 926 265 156), a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Ultimate Parent.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuers and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuers with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security M erest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuers under this Bond Agreement including but not limited to:
a) to be established no later than the Issue Date; (i) the Escrow Account Pledge,
b) to be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account and to be held thereafter;
(ii) the Mortgages,
10

(iii) (iv) (v) (vi) (vii) (viii) (ix) (x) (xi) (xii)

the Assignment of Insurances, the Assignment of Earnings, the Factoring Agreement, the Earnings Account Pledge, the Debt Service Account Pledge, the Assignment of Charter Contracts the Assignment of Management Agreements, the Issuer Share Pledge, the Boa Offshore LLC Share Pledge; and the Intra Group Loan Assignment.

"Semi-Annual Date" means each 30 June and 31 December.

"Semi-Annual Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated management accounts of each of the Issuers as of each Semi-Annual Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"Total Loss" means (i) an actual, constructive, compromised, agreed, arranged or other total loss of a Vessel, (ii) any expropriation, confiscation, requisition or acquisition of a Vessel, whether for full consideration, a consideration less than her proper value, a nominal consideration or without any consideration, which is effected by any government or official authority or by any person or persons claiming to be or to represent a government or official authority, excluding a requisition for line for a fixed period against payment of market hire, not exceeding one year without any right to extension; and (iii) any condemnation of a Vessel by any tribunal or by any person or persons claiming to be a tribunal.

"Total Loss Date" means:
(a) in the case of an actual loss of a Vessel, the date on which it occurred or, if that is unknown, the date when the Vessel was last heard of;
(b) in the case of a constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of a Vessel, the earlier o f (i) the date on which a notice of the abandonment is given to the insurers, and (ii) the date of any compromise, arrangement or agreement made by or on behalf of any of the Issuers with the Vessel's insurers in which the insurers agree to treat the Vessel as a total loss; and
11

(c) in the case of any other type of total loss, on the date (or the most likely date) on which it appears to the Bond Trustee that the event constituting the Total Loss occurred.
"Ultimate Parent" means BOA Holding AS (Company No.: 989 023 268).

"Ultimate Parent Group" means Ultimate Parent and all its current and future Subsidiaries and a "Ultimate Parent Group Company" means the Ultimate Parent or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "Vessels" means BOA DEEP C and BOA SUB C, each a "Vessel". "Vessel Manager" means the Parent. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuers' Bonds. 1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otheiwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to a document is to be construed as reference to such document as amended or supplemented from time to time, but without prejudice to the Issuers' obligations to obtain necessary consent in respect of such amendment or supplement; (g) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otheiwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agi'eement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales

12

documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or any o f the Issuers. The Issuers shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuers have resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 1,200,000,000 (One billion two hundred million Norwegian kroner).
The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1 each and rank pari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN BOA Deep C AS AND BOA Sub C AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 060711.2.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization 2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied as follows:

(i) approximately NOK 700,000,000 to repay all existing debt in the Issuers currently provided by Eksportfinans ASA and Fokus Bank;
(ii) approximately NOK 100,000,000 for working capital puiposes for the Issuers; and
(iii) the remaining amount (however not to be more than NOK 400,000,000) to be provided as a loan to the Parent as part o f the refinancing of the Ultimate Parent Group.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuers shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuers shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

13

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuers shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register o f any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuers are responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuers provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuers are under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers
5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Transfer restrictions
5.2.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.2.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Pre- Settlement Conditions Precedent
6.1.1 Disbursement o f the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

14

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from each of the Issuers to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuers;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Registration or other similar official document for each of the Issuers, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of each of the Issuers;
(e) the latest Financial Statements;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(]) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuers or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(m) establishment of the Escrow Account and the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledge from the bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.1.3 The Bond Tinstee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue (pre and post Issue Date).

6.1.4

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuers, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.4, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

15
m

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent
6.2.1 The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be: (i) used according to the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3.1 (Purpose and utilization) or, alternatively, (ii) returned to the Bondholders in the event that all of the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.2.2 below are not satisfied for any reason no later than 90 days after the Issue Date at: (a) par value if such failure to comply with such conditions precedent is beyond the control of the Issuers, and (b) otherwise at the rate applicable as set out in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Redemption).
6.2.2 After the Bond Trustee has received the following documents in form and substance satisfactory to it, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Escrow Account bank to release the requested amount to the Issuers or at the Issuers' instruction:
(a) a copy of a duly executed release notice from the Issuers in form and substance as set out in Attachment 2 hereto;
(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released will be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue and that all existing debt in the Issuers currently provided by Eksportfinans ASA and Fokus Bank is or will be repaid and all securities thereunder are or will be released;
(c) a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
(d) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts are opened (other than the Escrow Account);
(e) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuers, the Parent, the Ultimate Parent and Boa Offshore (if applicable) to enter into the Bond Agreement and execute the relevant Security Documents (other than the Escrow Account Pledge) and any other documents related to or required under the Bond Agreement;
(f) power of attorneys from each of the Issuers, the Parent, the Ultimate Parent and Boa Offshore (if applicable) to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing that the individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuers, the Parent, the Ultimate Parent and Boa Offshore (if applicable);
(g) all relevant Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge) being executed and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that the Security Documents will be executed and perfected in connection with (and latest simultaneously with) the release o f the funds from the Escrow Account;
(h) all legal opinions have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
16

(i) satisfactory evidence that all existing guarantees and/or securities given by any of the Issuers to secure certain obligations of BOA SBL AS (Company No.: 990 899 576) have been cancelled and released in full;
(j) copies of all Charter Contracts and Management Agreements;
(k) satisfactory evidence of all insurances in respect of the Vessels having been taken out;
(l) satisfactory evidence that the final audited financial reports for the full year 2010 for each of the Issuers do not materially differ from the financial estimates as provided in connection with the marketing of the Bonds;
(m) written documentation evidencing that a legal due diligence being completed; and
(n) any other document as reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 Each o f the Issuers represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status Each Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority Each Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its entry into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against each of the Issuers and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions o f such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by each o f the Issuers of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present

17

judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on each of the Issuers or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o f Default From and including the date of which the proceeds are being released from the Escrow Account, no Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on each of the Issuers or any o f itsassets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Authorizations and consents All authorizations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for each of the Issuers in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorizations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for each of the Issuers to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of any of the Issuers knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recent Financial Statements and Semi-Annual Financial Reports of each of the Issuers fairly and accurately represent its assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, none of the Issuers had any material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses Rom any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there have been no changes in the business, assets or financial condition of any of the Issuers that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Issuers.

(l) Environmental compliance Each of the Issuers is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is liJkely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property Each of the Issuers has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuers are not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking Each of the Issuers' payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any of the Issuers in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuers confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, each of the Issuers shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by any of the Issuers herein,

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of each of the Issuers. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuers (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

19

9 Interest

9.1 The Issuers shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in July 2011.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuers, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Floating

x

Floating Rate

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuers as follows:
(i) on each Interest Payment Date from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2011 to and including the Interest Payment Date in January 2016, with an instalment of NOK 18,750,000; and
(ii) on the Maturity Date, with an instalment equal to the Outstanding Bonds.
Instalments shall be repaid at par value and must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

20

10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuers may redeem the Bond Issue (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option):

(i) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2013, to, but not including the Interest Payment Date in April 2014, at 104 per cent of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount; or
(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2014, to, but not including the Interest Payment Date in April 2015, at 103 per cent of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount; or
(iii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2015, to, but not including the Maturity Date, at 101.5 per cent of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuers in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuers shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuers in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Mandatory Redemption

10.3.1 Upon a Mandatory Redemption Event, the Issuers shall redeem the Outstanding Bonds as follows (the "Mandatory Redemption"):

(1) in respect of a Vessel Disposal Event:

(i) if a Vessel Disposal Event occurs in respect of one Vessel, 60 % of the Outstanding Bonds at the time of the occurrence of the Vessel Disposal Event shall be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Price set out below; or
(ii) if a Vessel Disposal Event occurs in respect o f both Vessels (either in a single transaction or a series of transactions), 100 % the Outstanding Bonds shall be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Price set out below.

(2) in respect of a Share Disposal Event:

(i) if a Share Disposal Event occurs in respect of one Issuer, 60 % of the Outstanding Bonds at the time of the occurrence o f the Share Disposal Event shall be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Price set out below; or
(ii) if a Share Disposal Event occurs in respect o f both Issuers (either in a single transaction or a series of transactions), 100 % the Outstanding

21

Bonds shall be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Price set out below.
For the avoidance of doubt, when Mandatory Redemption has been earned out after the occurrence of a Share Disposal Event in respect of one Issuer, the relevant Issuer shall be released from its liabilities and obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents.
(3) in respect of a Total Loss Event:
(i) if a Total Loss Event occurs in respect of one Vessel, 60 % of the Outstanding Bonds at the time of the occurrence of the Total Loss Event shall be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Price set out below; or
(ii) if a Total Loss Event occurs in respect of both Vessels (either in a single transaction or a series of transactions), 100 % the Outstanding Bonds shall be redeemed at the Mandatory Redemption Price set out below.
For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that sale o f any of the Vessels or reduction of the Parents shares in any of the Issuers shall not be permitted for the first 2 years following the Issue Date if such transaction is with an Ultimate Parent Group Company or any related or affiliated party of any Ultimate Parent Group Company.
10.3.2 The Mandatory redemption shall be carried out at the following prices (the "Mandatory Redemption Price"):
(1) in respect of a Disposal Event:
(i) if the Disposal Event occurred any time from and including the Issue Date, to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2012, at a price equal to 108 % o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(ii) if the Disposal Event occurred any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2012, to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2013, at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iii) if the Disposal Event occurred any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2013, to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2014, at a price equal to 104 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iv) if the Disposal Event occurred any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2014, to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2015, at a price equal to 103 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and
(v) if the Disposal Event occurred any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2015, to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at
22

a price equal to 101.5 % of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

(2) in respect of a Total Loss Event, at par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.3.3 The Mandatory Redemption shall be carried out on:

(1) in respect of a Vessel Disposal Event, on or about the day the relevant Issuer ceases to be the owner of the relevant Vessel. If the Mandatory Redemption does not occur on the day that the relevant Issuer ceases to be the owner of the relevant Vessel, an amount equal to Mandatory Redemption amount shall be placed on the Debt Service Account until the Mandatory Redemption is carried out;
(2) in respect of a Share Disposal Event, on or about the day the Parent ceases to be the 100 % owner of the relevant Issuer. If the Mandatoiy Redemption does not occur on the day that the Parent ceases to be the owner of the relevant Issuer, an amount equal to Mandatoiy Redemption amount shall be placed on the Debt Service Account until the Mandatory Redemption is earned out; and
(3) in respect of a Total Loss Event, on or about the earlier of (i) the day the relevant Issuer receives the insurance amount o f the Total Loss Event and (ii) the day falling 180 days after the Total Loss Date o f the Total Loss Event. If the Mandatory Redemption does not occur on the earlier of (i) and (ii) above, an amount equal to Mandatoiy Redemption amount shall be placed on the Debt Seivice Account until the Mandatory Redemption is carried out.

10.3.4 Mandatory Redemption shall be notified by the Issuers in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption.

10.3.5 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.3.6

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption, the Issuers shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

10.3.7 Bonds redeemed by the Issuers in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11 Payments
11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuers shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

23 a

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuers.

11.2.2

Except as otheiwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2,1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-off and counterclaims

11.3.1 The Issuers may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.

24

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuers or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuers' acquisition of Bonds

12.1 Each Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuers' Bonds). The Issuers' Bonds may at the Issuers' discretion be retained by the Issuers, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuers have undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force Ifom the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 InformationCovenants

13.2.1 Each of the Issuers shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of the occurrence of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which any of the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to the occurrence of an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of the occurrence of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if any of the Issuers intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of each financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter of each financial year;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuers' Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of any of the Issuers, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of an Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuers' liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about its financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

Each of the Issuers shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to cany out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

Each of the Issuers shall in connection with the issue o f its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuers' compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuers. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuers have taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking Each o f the Issuers obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Dividends and other distributions Each of the Issuers may within any financial year, during the term of the Bonds, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders up to 40% of the relevant Issuer's net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year ("Dividend Payments") provided that the Vessel owned by the relevant Issuer at the time of such Dividend Payment is being made is employed under a Charter Contract with a charterer that is not a member of the Ultimate Parent Group or controlled by any o f the shareholders of the Ultimate Parent with a remaining duration o f not less than 12 months (excluding options).

26 «28

(c) Mergers No Issuer shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of any Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuers shall notify the Bond Trustee in writing of any such transaction promptly upon such transaction being resolved by the Board of Directors o f the relevant Issuer, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) De-mergers No Issuer shall carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting any Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities.
(e) Continuation o f business (i) No Issuer shall cease to carry out its business.
(ii) Each of the Issuers shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(j) Financial Indebtedness restriction Neither of the Issuers shall assume any Financial Indebtedness other than; (i) the Bond Issue; (ii) any hedging transactions entered into in the Issuers' ordinary course of
business; (iii) any performance or similar bonds granted by a bank or financial institution in
favour of a Charterer to secure the performance by an Issuer of its obligations under a Charter Contract; and (iv) any debt which is fully subordinated to the Bond Issue, has a maturity date later than the Maturity Date, and where any accrued interest is accumulated and added to the principal of such debt during the term of the Bonds.
(g) Negative pledge No Issuer shall, during the term of the Bonds create, incur or allow to exist any other Encumbrance on any of the assets subject to the Security Interests.
(h) Financial assistance No Issuer shall grant any new loans (other than the Intra Group Loans), guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any party (including to any member of the Ultimate Parent Group). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers are allowed to provide any financial assistance between themselves or in the ordinary course of business for the Issuers.
(i) Capital expenditures No Issuer shall make any acquisitions of other companies or the assets of other companies, nor make any capital expenditures exceeding NOK 20 million in aggregate for both the Issuers during one calendar year (save for normal operating expenses like drydocking, periodical maintenance/break-downs, etc.).
27

(j) Maintenance o f ownership Boa Deep C shall remain the direct owner of the vessel BOA DEEP C, and Boa Sub C shall remain the direct owner of the vessel BOA SUB C (subject to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions in Clause 10.3),
(k) Monthly transfers From the Issue Date, the Issuers shall transfer monthly from each of the Issuers Earnings Accounts into the Debt Service Account an amount equal to the aggregate of: (i) 1/3 of the next payable instalment(i.e. 1/3 of NOK 18,750,000); and (ii) 1/3 of the interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date.
The deposited amount on the Debt Service Account shall only be released and used for the payment of interest and scheduled installments as set out in Clause 10.1 in this Bond Agreement as and when they fall due, and in respect of a Mandatory Redemption where funds have been transferred to the Debt Service Account in accordance with Clause 10.3.3, to repay the Bond Issue in accordance with clause 10.3.
(l) Earnings All earnings related to the Vessels shall be paid directly from the relevant contracting party to the relevant Issuer's Earnings Accounts (or in relation to BOA DEEP C, to Boa Offshore's Earnings Account and promptly thereafter to Boa Deep C' Earnings Account when relevant).
(m) Charter Contract and bareboat charterparty (i) The Issuers shall ensure that all Charter Contracts in respect of the Vessels are
entered into by (1) the Issuers or (2) Boa Offshore.
(ii) If a Charter Contract is entered into between Boa Offshore and the relevant contracting party, the Issuers shall ensure that the relevant Issuer and Boa Offshore shall enter into a bareboat charterparty in respect of the relevant Vessel. The relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee in wilting upon any such bareboat charterparty being entered into, and shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee in writing the first time a Vessel starts employment under such bareboat charterparty. The Issuers shall ensure that such bareboat charter shall replicate the cash flow of the relevant Charter Contract entered into between Boa Offshore and the contracting party (i.e. net charter hire received by Boa Offshore under the relevant Charter Contract, less operating expenses), always provided that such cash flow is in compliance with paragraph (n) below.
(n) Transactions at arm 's length terms No Issuer shall engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any Ultimate Parent Group Company or any related or affiliated party of any Ultimate Parent Group Company (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course o f business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the relevant Issuer's business and upon fair and
28

reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the relevant Issuer than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Corporate status No Issuer shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(b) Compliance with laws Each of the Issuers shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(c) Litigation Each of the Issuers shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (a) material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding which has been or
might be started by or against any of the Issuers; and (b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a -
Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.5 Financial Covenants
(a) Asset Cover Ratio The Issuers shall ensure that the aggregate Market Value of the Vessels shall exceed 125 per cent of the outstanding amount under the Bond Agreement.
(b) Liquidity The Issuers shall in aggregate have Cash and Cash Equivalents in excess of NOK 50,000,000.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Financial Covenants shall apply for the Issuers on a combined basis at all time and shall be tested on a semi-annual basis.
13.6 Vessel Covenants
13.6.1 Each of the Issuers undertakes to comply with the following Vessel covenants:
(a) Insurance o f the Vessels
(i) Each of the Issuers shall ensure that its Vessel and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times shall be adequately insured with first class insurers against such risks, including but not limited to, Hull & Machinery, Hull Interest, Freight Interest, Protection & Indemnity as per industry standards and War Risk insurance, as well as other industry standard insurances. The Issuers shall also provide for any additional insurance required under any law or Charter Contract.
29

(ii) The value of the Hull and Machinery insurance shall at all times be at least equal to or higher than one hundred and twenty per cent (120.00 %) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under this Bond Agreement, and the P&I cover for pollution liability shall be according to industry standards.
(iii) The insurances, and any loss payee clause or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan, latest version (as amended from time to time) or such other similar terms as may be approved by the Bond Trustee.
(iv) Each of the Issuers shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers.
(v) Each of the Issuers shall procure that its Vessel is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
(b) Classification and international regulations (i) The Vessels shall be classified and maintained in the highest class for vessels such as the Vessels, free of any overdue recommendations, with Det Norslce Veritas or another classification society acceptable to the Bond Trustee, and at all times comply with the applicable rules and regulations of the relevant classification society.
(ii) The Vessels shall be in the possession of proper trading certificates and comply with all relevant regulations.
(iii) The Issuers shall at all times ensure compliance with all applicable international conventions and regulations, including SOLAS conventions and the International Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevention adopted by the International Maritime Organisation and the International Ship and Post security Code adopted by the International Maritime Organisation. In particular, the Issuers shall ensure that any company performing management seivices for the Vessels comply with said conventions and regulations.
(c) Inspections The Issuers shall ensure that one person appointed by the Bond Trustee is permitted to inspect the Vessels for the account of the Issuers upon the Bond Trustee giving prior written notice. The Bond Trustee may request such inspections (i) once a year; and (ii) in any event upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The cost of any such inspection shall be covered by the Issuer.
30

(d) Flag, name and registration (i) The Issuers shall ensure that the Vessels shall be registered under Maltese flag or such other flag or ship registry satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(ii) The Issuers shall not cause the flag, name or registry of any of the Vessels to be changed, or register any of the Vessels simultaneously in more than one registry, however so that the flag and registry of the Vessels may be changed with the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld).
(e) Maintenance and management o f the Vessels
(i) The Vessels shall be kept in a good and safe condition and state of repair consistent with prudent ownership and good industry standards.
(ii) The Vessel Manager shall not be changed without prior written consent from the Bond Trustee.
(f) Amendments to Charter Contracts and Management Agreements The Issuers shall not, and shall procure that Boa Offshore (if party to a Charter Contract) shall not, make or agree to any amendments, supplements, variations or waivers of any material terms of any Charter Contract with a duration of more than six (6) months or any Management Agreement to be made if any such amendment, supplement, variation or waiver would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Title The Issuers shall ensure that the Issuers will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Vessels and the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessels, free of any and all Encumbrances except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuers shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuers and are set forth in a separate agreement between each of the Issuers and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by maldng an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

31

14.3 The Issuers shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the hade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuers shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuers and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuers are responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment Any of the Issuers, Boa Offshore, the Parent or the Ultimate Parent fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations Any of the Issuers, Boa Offshore, the Parent or the Ultimate Parent fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuers by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default Any of the following occurs in respect of any of the Issuers;
(i) any o f its Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any of its Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for its Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any of its Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided that the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of NOK 5,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies.
32

(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made by any of the Issuers, Boa Offshore, the Parent or the Ultimate Parent under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency Any o f the following occurs in respect of any of the Issuers, Boa Offshore, the Parent or the Ultimate Parent:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on its ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder or under any of the other Finance Documents,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets, or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(f) Creditors 'process Any of the Issuers or Boa Offshore has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any of the Issuers is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of any of the Issuers.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Issuer, Boa Offshore, the Parent or the Ultimate Parent to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Issuer which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with any of the Issuers, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series o f events occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, alter consultations with any of the Issuers, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
33

(k) Financial indebtedness o f Boa Offshore Boa Offshore incurs any Financial Indebtedness.
(l) Lien or encumbrance over assets o f BOA Offshore Any Encumbrance is created or permitted to subsist over any of the assets of Boa Offshore.
(m) Dividend or other distribution is declared or made by Boa Offshore Any dividend or other distribution is declared or made by Boa Offshore to any of its shareholders.
(n) Loan, guarantee or otherfinancial assistance is made by Boa Offshore Any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance is made by Boa Offshore to or for the benefit of any third party (other than the Issuers).
(o) Ownership to Boa Offshore The Ultimate Parent ceases to own 100 % of the shares and the voting rights of Boa Offshore.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuers a notice demanding payment of
34

interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the Mandatory Redemption Prices as set out in Clause 10.3.2(1).

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 A uthority o f the Bondholders 'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) any of the Issuers, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict each of the Issuers to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

35

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuers have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuers' representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuers have the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting

Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders'

Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register.

Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning

which Bonds shall count as the Issuers' Bonds. The Issuers' Bonds shall not have

any voting rights.

4

16.3.2 In all matters, each of the Issuers, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the light to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chaiiman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed,

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

36

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer o f rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issu er, or (c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.B The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuers of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuers), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuers' financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond

37

Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 'The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuers, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuers' approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuers as a result of negligence or willful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuers.

17.2.2

The Issuers are liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Tiustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by any of the Issuers (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Tiustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by any of the Issuers in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

38

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuers pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the teims of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuers and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuers shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The junctions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Tiustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Tiustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuers.

39

18

Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards an Issuer, Boa Offshore, the Ultimate Parent or the Parent and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against an Issuer, Boa Offshore, the Ultimate Parent or the Parent, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement, (iii) no Issuer may, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuers may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(a) the Issuers shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);

(b) the Issuers shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

40

(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Issuer, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any of the Issuers;
(e) the Issuers shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuers with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuers or others;
(f) the Issuers shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Issuer, (ii) will constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuers.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuers of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) the Issuers shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuers shall not take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;
41

(d) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except those referred to in (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuers.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuers. The Issuers shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the puiposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuers and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuers written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

42

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received. However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3 :00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place. 18.6.4 The Issuers and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons 18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue 18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law. All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in three originals, of which each of the Issuers and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
43

Attachment X

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

FRN BOA Deep C AS AND BOA Sub C AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016- ISIN 001 060711.2

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuers since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement;

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (b), the aggregate Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Issuers as of [date] amounts to NOK [amount];

5. the Market Value of the Vessels as of [date] is NOK [amount], see enclosed statement from [name o f shipbrokers]; and

6. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (a), the Asset Cover Ratio as of [date] is [percentage].

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/semi-annual unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully, Boa Deep C AS

Boa Sub C AS

Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

45

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
FRN BOA Deep C AS AND BOA Sub C AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016
- ISIN 001 060711.2
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuers.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the puipose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully, Boa Deep C AS

Yours faithfully, Boa Sub C AS

Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

tig

