/øg/2007 20:18

55224721 » 022879410

fV

Oøøl

/ A lenlt Tli/'hw & t*

* / ø/a,

ISINNO 001 035264.4

LOAN AGREEMENT
between
PetroRig III Pte Ltd (Borrower)
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
FRN PetroRig HI Pte Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2007/2014

v

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -» 022879410

0002
Norik Tlliltsmson ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

8

3 Listing

9

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

9

5 The functions, duties and liability o f the Loan Trustee

9

6 Conditions Precedent

10

7 Representations and Warranties

13

8 Status of the Loan

14

9 Interest

14

1,0 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option

16

11 Interest in the event of late payment

17

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

18

13 Covenants

18

14 Fees and expenses

20

15 Events of Default

21

16 Authority o f the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

24

17 Procedural rules

25

18 Repeated Bondholders'meeting

28

19 Change o f Loan Trustee

28

20 Limitation

28

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

29

2

V

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 A 022879410

flU 293 D003

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loam Agreement") has been entered into on 15 February 2007 between PetroRig III Pte L td (Singapore Company No 20Q607072E) as borrower (the "B orrow er") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan T r u s te e ").
The Loan Agreement is binding upon the Bondholders as the Loan Trustee was granted authority in the subscription agreements to finalize and execute the Loan Agreement on behalf o f the Bondholders.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the genera), public throughout the entire term o f the Loan. The availability upon request shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.
All Bond transfers shall he subject to the terms o f this Loan Agreement and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement where by all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required or formalities to be complied with.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Better Priority Debt;

the debt advanced by a lender or lenders (the "First Lender(s)") equaling maximum USD 200 million (plus interest and expenses) and to be reduced as provided for in Clause 13.2 (c), secured i.a. by the Better Priority Security or (if relevant) the refinancing o f such debt,

Better Priority Security:

all and any of:
(i) the first priority assignment of the Construction Contract (the "F irst Assignment of Construction C o n tr a c t"),
(ii) the first priority assignment o f insurances in respect o f the Rig obtained by the Borrower (the "First Assignment of Insurance"),

3
v

15/62/200? 20:18

55224721 A 022879410

AU 293 D004

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(iii) the first priority mortgage in. the Rig (the "F irst M ortgage"), and

(iv) (if applicable) the first priority pledge over all shares o f the Rig Owning Subsidiary (the "F irst S hare Pledge")

securing the Better Priority Debt,

Bondholders:

the holders o f the Bonds,

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Change o f Control Event: means that PetroMena's ownership of shares in the Borrower is reduced to below 50 %.

Construction Contract:

the EPC (turnkey) contract entered into on 25 January 2007 by and between the Borrower and the Yard, to construct the Rig (at the Yard) including the refund guarantee from the Yard's parent company SembCorp Marine Ltd. and any other guarantees thereto.

Coordination Agreement:

the coordination agreement that might he entered into by and between La. the First Lender(s), the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Borrower.

Delivery Date;

the time o f delivery o f the Rig with all the drilling equipments properly installed, expected to be no later than in January 2010.

Disbursement Date:

20 February 2007.

Escrow Accounts:

a NOK. account and an USD account established in the name of the Borrower to be pledged and blocked on first priority in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.

Escrow Accounts Pledge:

a first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time deposited and remaining in the Escrow Accounts in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included

4

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 4 022879410

AU 293 5005

Nw*kTiIIi**nuum ASA

payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.

Event of Default:

means each event defined as an event o f default in Clause 15,L

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Finance Documents:

means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1 and (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting o f all and any o f the Loan Security.

First Equity Amount:

shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 6,1 (j),

Fourth Equity Amount:

shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 6.7.

Group:

the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).

Guarantee:

an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee from the Rig Owning Subsidiary securing the obligations o f the Borrower under this Loan Agreement, to be issued in the event o f a transfer of the Rig or the Construction Contract to a Rig Owning Subsidiary.

Interest Determination Date: 16 February 2007 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.

Interest Payment Date:

20 August and 20 February each year. If the interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day, However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding tire original date.

Loan Security:

the security o f the Loan shall be as follows:

(1) from the Disbursement Date and until all funds on the Escrow Accounts are released pursuant to this Loan Agreement: (a) the Escrow Accounts Pledge

(2) from the date o f first release from the Escrow Accounts and until the latter o f (i) the date the Third Equity Amount is paid in to the Borrower and (ii) the date o f the establishment o f the First Assignment of Construction Contract:

5

V.

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 022879410

flU 293 P006

Norsk TUUt$m«nn ASA
(a) the Temporary First Assignment o f Construction Contract
(3) from the date o f the establishment o f the First Assignment o f Construction Contract and until the date of establishment of the Second Mortgage and the Second Assignment o f Insurance: (a) the Second Assignment of Construction Contract
(4) from the earlier of (i) the date when the First Mortgage is established and (ii) the Delivery Date, and until Maturity Date; (a) the Second Mortgage (b) the Second Assignment of Insurance

Mandatory Redemption:

the Borrower's Obligation to redeem the Loan in accordance with Clause 10.3.

Margin:

5.75 percentage points p.a.

Maturity Date:

20 February 2014. I f the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

NEBOR:

the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 6 six - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.

Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page he changed such that, in the opinion o f the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind o f interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters1page or, possibly, that o f another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement o f the loan. Any disagreement o f opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.

NIBOR Reference Banks:

interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the

6

a

V

15/02/200? 20:18

55224721 -» 022879410

D007

Norsk TiUltsmaiin ASA

Outstanding Loan: Payment Date: PetroMena: Put Option: Release Notice:
Remaining Loan:
Rig:
Rig Owning Subsidiary: Second Assignment of Construction Contract;

Interest Determination Date, for a 6 - six - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each o f the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean o f the quotations, I f less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean o f the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 6 - six - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount An interest rate determined by calculation o f the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal.
PetroMena AS (Company No 987 727 713)-
the Bondholders' option to redeem their bondholdings in accordance with Clause 10.5.
means a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawals) from the Escrow Accounts in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.
the aggregate principal amount o f all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
the ultra deepwater 6* generation semi submersible harsh environment drilling rig including equipment, to be constructed at the Yard under the Construction Contract.
(if any) the wholly owned subsidiary of the Borrower which owns the Rig.
the second priority assignment o f the Construction Contract, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in the amount equaling the Loan (plus accrued interest and expenses) securing the Borrower's payment obligations under tins Loan Agreement, with priority after the First Assignment of Construction Contract

7 V

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 » 022879410

RU 293 0008

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA

Second Assignment of Insurance:

the second priority assignment o f insurances in respect of the Rig obtained by the Borrower, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in the amount equaling the Loan (plus accrued interest and expenses) securing the Borrower's payment obligations under this Loan Agreement, with priority after the First Assignment of Insurance

Second Equity Amount: shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 6.1 (j),

Second Mortgage:

the second priority mortgage in the Rig in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f die Bondholders) in the amount equaling the Loan (plus accrued interest and expenses), securing the Borrower's payment obligations under this Loan Agreement, with priority after the First Mortgage.

Second Share Pledge:

shall have die meaning described thereto in Clause 8,3.

Securities Depository;

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act o f 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Tax Deduction:

shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 14.4.

Temporary First Assignment of Construction Contract: the first priority assignment o f the Construction Contract,
in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in the amount equaling the Loan (plus accrued interest and expenses) securing the Borrower's payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.

Third Equity Amount:

shall have die meaning described thereto in Clause 6.5.

Yard:

Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd, Singapore.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of NOK 1,600,000,000 (Norwegian kroner one billion six hundred million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.

S

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

D009

NomknUitonann ASA

The Loan will be described as "FRN PetroRig III Pte Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2014".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 035264.4.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be employed for part financing of the Rig, by financing payments under the Construction Contract and management cost related to the construction of the Rig. In addition, the proceeds on the Escrow Accounts may be used to service of interest payments under this Loan Agreement for the first 24 months (i.e. 4 first interest payments) after Disbursement Date if not already used as payments under the Construction Contract.

3 Listing
3.1 An application may or may not be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs, Oslo Børs' ABM or the OTC-list in Oslo.

4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository,
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository o f any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,

- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment o f his obligations under the Loan Agreement,

- exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee

under the Loan Agreement,

- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out,

- make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the

Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,

- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in

its capacity as Bondholder's representative,

- verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and

;

9
\,

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

0010

Norsk Tillitsmiura ASA
- provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange o f circumstances which are o f importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge o f or should have knowledge o f such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so hy the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf o f the Borrower.

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement o f the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed by the Borrower,
(b) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power o f attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies o f the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) o f the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies o f authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower o f the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager o f the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,

10

V.

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

flU 293 0 0 1 1

Norsk TllIitsmunn ASA
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(j) written documentation evidencing that an additional USD 50 million o f equity (the "Second Equity Amount") (i.e. in addition to the already USD 35 million of equity (the "First Equity Amount") paid in to the Borrower) have been paid in to the Borrower at least three Banking Days prior to Disbursement Date,
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Escrow Accounts has been opened, (ii) that the Escrow Account Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the Escrow Account has been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its right to set-off, and (v) no further security over the Escrow Account has been granted,
(l) the agreement for the Escrow Accounts Pledge duly executed, and
(m) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia perfection and enforceability of the Escrow Account Pledge.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Bonds will be made available to the Borrower and the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Accounts at Disbursement Date. The Borrower is to decide what parts o f the net proceeds that shall be exchanged into USD and placed on the Escrow Account for USD. The remaining part shall be deposited on the Escrow Account for NOK.
6.3 Subject to Clauses 6.4 - 6.8, funds on the Escrow Accounts shall be released pursuant to the purpose o f the Loan (cf. Clause 2.1). Parts of the funds on the Escrow Accounts may be exchanged from NOK to USD and placed on the Escrow Account for USD. For the avoidance o f doubt, funds exchanged into USD may not thereafter be exchanged to NOK again.
6.4 Before any release of funds from the Escrow Accounts, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following:
(a) the Temporary First Assignment of Construction Contract duly executed and perfected,
(b) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia perfection and enforceability of the Temporary First Assignment of Construction Contract,
(c) written documentation evidencing that the First Equity Amount and the Second Equity Amount have been used in connection with the financing o f the Rig (included all related costs - i.a. management cost, interest, SG&A etc),
(d) duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release, and
(e) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be for the purpose o f the Loan-
VL

15 /0 2 /2 0 0 7 2 0 :IB

55224721 022879410

flU 293 D012

Norsk TilUtstnann ASA

6.5 Before any release of funds from the Escrow Accounts exceeding the accumulative amount o f more than the equivalent of NOK 600 million, the Loan Trustee shall have received written documentation evidencing that additional (i.e. in addition to the First Equity Amount and the Second Equity Amount) USD 35 million of equity (the `T h ird Equity Amount") have been paid in to the Borrower and used in connection with the financing o f the Rig (including all related costs - i.a, management cost, interest, SG&A etc).
6.6 As soon as the Third Equity Amount has been paid in and utilized as described in Clause 6.5 above, the Temporary First Assignment of Construction Contract may at the discretion o f the Borrower be replaced by the Second Assignment of Construction Contract, provided that the Loan Trustee receiving;
(a) the Second Assignment of Construction Contract duly executed and perfected, and
(b) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia perfection and enforceability o f the Second Assignment of Construction Contract.
6.7 Within 24 months after the Disbursement Date, an additional (i.e, in addition to the equity amount described under Clauses 6.4 (c) and 6.5 above) USD 50 million of equity (the "Fourth Equity Amount") shall have been paid in to the Borrower and shall be used in connection with the financing of the Rig (included all related costs - La. management cost, interest, SG&A etc). When the Fourth Equity Amount is paid in to the Borrower, minimum USD 45 million o f the Fourth Equity Amount shall be used in connection with the financing of the Rig (included all related costs - i.a management cost, interest, SG&A etc) before any additional amount shall be released from the Escrow Accounts. For the avoidance of doubt, this means that within 24 months after the Disbursement Date an aggregate amount of USD 170 million of equity shall have been paid in to the Borrower (including USD 85 million o f equity paid in prior to the Disbursement Date).
6.8 Upon delivery o f the Rig from the Yard (or, if earlier, in connection with the establishment of the First Mortgage), the Loan Trustee shall receive;
(a) the Second Mortgage duly executed and perfected,
(b) evidence that insurance o f the Rig has been arranged satisfactory to the Loan Trustee (cf Clause 13.2 (e)),
(c) the Second Assignment of Insurance duly executed and perfected, and
(d) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia perfection and enforceability o f the Second Mortgage and the Second Assignment o f Insurance.
12
V

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -» 022879410

8U 293 D013

Norsk TUJitsniajl» ASA
6.9 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that:
(a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in. which it is registered, and has die power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery o f the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower o f the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (hi) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event o f Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination o f materiality or the fulfilment o f any other applicable condition, or any combination o f the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any o f its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all financial documents and financial information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
13

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 022879410

flU 293 0014

Norsk TUIltsmana ASA
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) no financial indebtedness have been secured by any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement; and
(k) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date o f the Loan Agreement,
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement o f the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan, shall rank jcwipassu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Loan shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses under the Loan Agreement shall be secured by the Loan Security.
8-3 If the Rig or the Construction Contract is transferred to a Rig Owning Subsidiary, the Rig Owning Subsidiary shall guarantee the Borrower's payment obligations under the Loan Agreement. The Rig Owning Subsidiary shall, prior to or latest at the same time as the finalization of such transfer, issue the Guarantee, in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Remaining Loan and any other payment obligations o f the Borrower under the Loan Agreement,
Further, all shares o f the Rig Owning Subsidiary shall be pledged on second priority (the "Second Share Pledge"), ranking after the First Share Pledge, securing the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement. Such Second Share Pledge shall be deemed to be part of the Loan Security from such date and until Maturity Date.
9 Interest and interest calculations
9.1 Interest on the Loan accrues from and including the Disbursement Date to (and not including) the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter from and including the relevant Interest Payment Date to (but not including) the following Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date at an interest rate equivalent to NIBOR plus Margin. The interest rate is set/reset on each Interest Determination Date for the corresponding relevant interest period. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus Margin.

14

V

V

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

AU 293 D015

NorskTUIltSBMiizi ASA
The interest rate is reset in accordance with, sub-clause 9,2.
The interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in August 2007,
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NfBOR Reference Banks plus Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed o f the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, o f which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. I f the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice o f the Oslo District Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number o f calendar days elapsed from and including the Disbursement Date to (but not including) the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each Interest Payment Date to (but not including) the next Interest Payment Date or file Maturity Date, whichever is sooner. The number of days is divided by 360.
9.5 If a Tax Deduction is to made by the Borrower under section 14 below, then the amount o f the interest payment due from the Borrower under this Loan Agreement shall be increased ("grossed up") to an amount which, afrer making all the Tax Deductions required, leaves an amount equal to payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction would have been required by law.

35

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 4 022879410

AU 293 P016

JVorik Tillitsmaiui ASA

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option

10.1 The Loan shall be repaid in installments as follows:

Date on the Interest Payment Date in February 2011 on the Interest Payment Date in February 2012 on the Interest Payment Date in February 2013 on the Maturity Date

Amount with NOK 70,000,000 with NOK 90,000,000 with NOK 130,000,000 the Remaining Loan

Installments shall be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds), and shall be made at par value (100.00) plus accrued interest.
Upon full repayment o f the Loan (including interest and expenses), the Loan Security shall be discharged without undue delay.

10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan at any time from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date pursuant to the structure described in Clause 10.4 (the "Call Option").
10.3 If:
(i) the Rig or the Construction Contract is sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect o f the Construction Contract), or if
(ii) the Rig Owning Company (if the Rig or the Construction Contract is owned through the Rig Owning Company) is not owned 100 % of the Borrower,
anytime from the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall redeem 100 % if the Remaining Loan pursuant to the structure described in Clause 10.4 (the "M andatory Redemption"). Notwithstanding the aforesaid, it is understood that the Rig or die Construction Contract might be transferred from the Borrower to the Rig Owning Company without triggering a Mandatory Redemption, provided that the provisions in this Loan Agreement are complied with (cf i.a. Clause S.3), However, if the Rig or the Construction Contract thereafter is sold or disposed or terminated, this shall be deemed to trigger the Mandatory Redemption pursuant to the above,
10.4 Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option (Clause 10,2) or in the event of Mandatory Redemption (Clause 10,3), the early redemption shall be carried out as follows:
(a) if occurring anytime from and included the Disbursement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Day in February 2010, at a price equal to 108 % of the par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(b) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest payment Day in February 2010 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Day in February 2011, at a price equal to 106 % o f the par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(c) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Day in February 2011 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Day in February 2012, at a price equal to 105 % o f the par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),

16

I

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -» 022879410

flU 295 IP017

Norsk Tillltsmann ASA
(d) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Day in February 2012 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Day in February 2013, at a price equal to 104 % o f the par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), and
(e) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Day in February 2013 to, but not included, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 103 % o f the par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of such redemption.
In the event o f a Mandatory Redemption, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 15 - fifteen Banking Days before the date of such redemption.
Partial redemption o f the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment o f individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
In the event o f redemption o f the Loan, the entire amount on the Escrow Accounts may be used as partly payment for such redemption and any Loan Security shall be discharged.
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against tire Remaining Loan,
10-5 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "P ut Option") o f the bonds at a price o f 102 % o f par plus accrued interest.
The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (g).
Tire Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice o f the request to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent o f the Loan (the "Paying Agent") of the pre payment request. The Put Date shall be fifteen - 15 - Banking Day's following the date when the Paying Agent received the pre-payment request.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
1L1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
17

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 » 022879410

fiU 293 D018

N onk TiltitBm3Jin ASA
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion he retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any Event of Default as well as o f any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to an Event o f Default,
(b) o f its own accord, make annual and semi-annual reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee for public distribution) as soon they are available, and not later than 100 days alter the end o f the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end o f the relevant interim period,
(c) at the written request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance o f Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications o f the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, de-mergers and reduction o f shareholders capital,
(e) at the written request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation o f the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request in writing,
(g) without undue delay notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Loan Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change o f Control Event takes place,
(h) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) (100 days after the end of the financial year) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders),
18

Y
V

15/02/2007 20:13

55224721 -» 022879410

flU 293 0019

Norsk TUUtsmfln» ASA
(b) ensure that Borrower is the direct owner o f the Rig or the Construction Contract or, if the Rig or the Construction Contract is transferred to the Rig Owning Subsidiary, ensure that the Rig Owning Company is the direct owner o f the Rig or the Construction Contract. Further, if the Rig or the Construction Contract is transferred to the Rig Owning Subsidiary, the Borrower shall ensure that Clause 8.3 is complied with.
(c) ensure that the amount outstanding under the Better Priority Debt shall be reduced as follows:
(i) by minimum USD 20 million within 4 year after Disbursement Date,
(ii) by an additional minimum USD 20 million within 5 year after Disbursement Date, and
(iii) by an additional minimum USD 20 million within 6 year after Disbursement Date,
meaning that at the Maturity Date, the Better Priority Debt shall not exceed USD 140 million plus accrued interest and expenses,
(d) ensure that the Borrower shall be capitalized with equity as follows:
(i) with the First Equity Amount and Second Equity Amount at least three Banking Days prior to Disbursement Date,
(ii) with the Third Equity Amount before any funds in excess of the aggregate of NOK. 600 million or its equivalent in another currency is withdrawn from the Escrow Accounts (cf Clause 6.5), and
(iii) with the Fourth Equity Amount within 24 month after the Disbursement Date (cf Clause 6.7).
(e) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rig after the Delivery Date and when the Borrower is the owner o f the Rig,
(f) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance to any third party other than in connection with ordinary business transactions related to the Rig,
(g) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, grant any further security, or allow for any further security to be granted, in any assets of the Group that are or shall he pledged as security for the Loan except for the Loan Security, and security for the Better Priority Debt (the Better Priority Security),
(h) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, take up any other secured indebtedness than the Loan and the Better Priority Debt, with security in any of the Borrowers assets,

19

V

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

flU 293 G>020

Norsk TiUHsmkrm ASA
(i) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, make any investments or engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the Rig,
(j) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, cease to carry on its business,
(k) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall;
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations (other than the transfer of the Rig or the Construction Contract from the Borrower to the Rig Owning Subsidiary c f clause 8.3),
(ii) change the nature o f its business, or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business
in a maimer which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement (for the avoidance o f doubt, please also see Clause 10.3 Mandatory Redemption),
(l) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, agree to any material changes to the Construction Contract which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is likely to have a material adverse effect of the Borrower's ability to perform its obligations under this Loan Agreement (any agreement for changes leading to a delay o f the Delivery Date by more than 3 months is in any event to be considered as a material change which will require the approval o f the Bondholders' meeting),
(m) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Loan Security and its employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under this Loan Agreement,
(n) not permit any member o f the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member o f the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
14 Fees, expenses and withholding tax
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount o f which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and adniin.istrati.on o f the Loan in tire Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.

20
V

15/02/2007

20:18

55224721 * 022879410

RU 293 0021

Nonk Tillitsmann ASA
14.3 The Borrower shah cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales o f Bonds in the secondary market shah be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
14.4 The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Singapore law or any other applicable law, under this Loan Agreement, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law (the "Tax Deduction"). Clause 9,5 contains further provisions on interest rate calculation upon Tax Deductions.
The Loan Trustee or the Security Depository shall provide the Borrower with information on the nationality and other matters in respect o f the Bondholders relevant to calculate the Tax Deductions. If required by Singaporean authorities, the Loan Trustee or the Security Depository may provide Singaporean authorities with the identity and other matters in respect of the bondholders relevant to calculate the Tax Deduction.
14.5 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover reasonable extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee, See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence o f any o f the following events (Events o f Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Financial Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 7 - seven Banking Days after the Payment Date, or it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within a reasonable time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under clause 13 of the Loan Agreement if such default may jeopardize the Borrower's ability to fulfill its payment obligations under the Loan Agreement and such failure is not remedied within 15 - fifteen - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower fay the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member o f the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 25 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,

21

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

flU 293 0 0 2 2

Noi-sk Tillitsmann ASA
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event o f default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described),
provided always that the Loan Trustee shall only be entitled to declare such events as set out in (i) to (iv) above as events of defaults if they may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fell due, suspends making payments on any o f its debts or, by reason o f actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
provided always that the Loan Trustee shall only be entitled to declare such events as set out in (i) to (iv) above as events o f defaults if they may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fhlfil its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

22

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 * 022878410

fiU 293 D023

Norsk Tillitsmsiui ASA
(Hi) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect o f a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any o f its assets being included in the Loan Security,
provided always that the Loan Trustee shall only be entitled to declare such events as set out in (i) to (iv) above as events o f defaults if they may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf o f any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have beeu incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made which has or can have significant consequences for the Borrowers ability to fulfil its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The occurrence of an Event of Default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Redemption situation and the Remaining Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.4.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration o f default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan Agreement including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses, payable on a Banking Day

23

V.

15/02/2007

20:18

55224721 022879410

fiU 293 D024

Norsk TUUtsmaiin ASA
15,5 The individual Bondholder cannot o f his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To th e extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change o f Loan Trustee,
(b) change o f Borrower;
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement o f the Loan Trustee, o f significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.

24

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 -* 022879410

ftU 293 0025

NorskTillifsmannASA
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, ofminor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting,
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified o f decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request o f a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions o f Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, die Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.

25 V! ii

15/02/2007

20:18

55224721 -> 022879410

RU 293 D026

Norsk Tillitjmann ASA
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholders) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date o f the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place o f residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to he discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change o f the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall he presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders,
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result o f the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
26

15/02/2007

20:18

55224721 » 022879410

RU 293 D027

Norsk Tillksmann ASA
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting: each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification o f the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting,, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. La the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 18.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8,
17.8 In the following matters a majority o f 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the lo a n Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are o f significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement,
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number o f votes shall be recorded in the minutes o f the meeting. In the case o f a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy o f the minutes o f the meeting.

27
VI

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 A 022879410

flU 293 D028

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders1meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost o f the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach o f the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders'meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up o f conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims o f May 18,1979 nr. 18.
21 Eligible Purchasers and Transfer Restrictions
The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, any persons resident in Canada.
28

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 » 022879410

flg 293 0029

N orsk Tillitsm ann ASA,
Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A , (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S undear the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bars, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period o f four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
22 Dispute resolution and legal venue
22.1 Disputes arising out o f or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall he resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and hi the Norwegian courts.
22.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

Oslo, 15 February 2007

PetroRig III Pte Ltd

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

29

15/02/2007 20:18

55224721 » 022879410

D030

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Schedule 1 FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
RELEASE NOTICE Dear Sir, RE: NOK 1,600,000,000 LOAN AGREEMENT

[Place and date]

We refer to the loan agreement dated 15 February 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") o f NOK 1,600,000,000 with ISEN NO 001 035264.4 made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and the undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on ____ __________ wish to draw NOK l USD _ _ _ _ _ under our account no. _ _ _ _ _ (the Escrow Accounts) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction o f the conditions o f Clause 6 (as relevant) of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release Notice.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event o f Default or which by giving o f notice and/or lapse o f time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting,.

Yours faithfully, PetroRig III Pte Ltd
[signed by duly authorised persons with the Borrower]
30

