Execution version

BOND AGREEMENT between
DigiPlex Fet AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue

ISIN NO 001 0712870

FRN Digiplex Fet AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019

#4649744/3

1 (45)

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.............................................................................................. 3

2. THE BONDS....................................................................................................12

3. LISTING ........................................................................................................13

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY........................................................ 13

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS .................................................................... 14

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................................... 14

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................................... 17

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................... 19

9. INTEREST......................................................................................................19

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION............................................................ 20

11. PAYMENTS...................................................................................................... 22

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS......................................................................... 23

13. COVENANTS...................................................................................................23

14. FEES AND EXPENSES......................................................................................... 30

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT......................................................................................... 31

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................... 33

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE...............................................................

36

18. MISCELLANEOUS..............................................................................................38

SCHEDULE 1 Form of Compliance Certificate SCHEDULE 2 Form of Escrow Account Drawdown Notice

<74649744/3

2 (45)

This bond agreement has been entered into on 10 June 2014 between

(1)

DigiPlex Fet AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation number

912 189 287) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Bank" means:

(a) until and including the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date, Pareto Bank ASA; and

(b) after the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date, Pareto Bank ASA or such other first class bank(s) with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P, Moody's or Fitch or, in each case, an affiliate thereof.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Accounts" means:

(a) the Debt Service Retention Account;

(b) the Earnings Account; and

(c) the Escrow Account.

"Additional DSRA Amount" has the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3.16 (Additional funding of Debt Service Retention Account upon Delay(s)).

"Agent" means Pareto Bank ASA, acting as agent pursuant to the Agent Agreement.

"Agent Agreement" means the agreement between the Agent, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee under which, inter alia, the Agent is appointed as agent with respect to Escrow Account Drawdown Notices (as amended from time to time).

"Assignment of Subordinated Loans" means the first priority assignment of all of the Parent's monetary claims under any Subordinated Loans.

"Assignment of Insurances" means the first priority assignment of all the Issuer's monetary claims under insurances over the Property.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Schedules to it, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.

#4649744/3

3 (45)

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Interest Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Change of Control Event" means if:
(a) before the Construction Completion Date, the Sponsors cease to hold, directly or indirectly, a minimum of 100.00 per cent, in aggregate of the outstanding shares in and/or voting rights in the Issuer; or
(b) after the Construction Completion Date, if the Sponsors dispose (directly or indirectly) of more than 50.00 per cent, of the outstanding shares in and/or voting rights in the Issuer; or
(c) any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3) (other than the Sponsors or any indirectly or directly owned subsidiary of the Sponsors) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.00 per cent, of the outstanding shares in and/or voting rights in the Issuer.
"Clause" means a clause of this Bond Agreement.
"Compliance Certificate" has the meaning given to it in Clause 13.2.2.
"Construction Completion Date" means the date on which the Independent Consultant has certified to the Account Bank and the Bond Trustee that the construction of the Data Centre is completed in accordance with the Construction Contract and pursuant to the requirements of the Evry Lease Agreement.
"Construction Contract" means the turnkey construction contract originally dated 31 January 2014 and entered into between (i) the Contractor, (ii) GK Norge AS (org. nr. 952 391 992) as technical sub-contractor to the Contractor, and (iii) the Issuer (as amended from time to time).
"Construction Guarantee" means the guarantee provided by Pareto Bank ASA in relation to the Issuer's obligations under the Construction Contract for an amount of NOK 88,482,882, which will be in force until the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date.
"Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date" means the date on which the final payment to the Contractor under the Construction Contract has been made.
#4649744/3

"Contractor" means AS Miljobygg (organisation no. 938 189 287), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Backe Entreprenor Holding AS, being the main conti actor under the Construction Contract.
"Cost Overrun" means an incurred Project Cost which constitutes a cost overrun relative to the Total Project Costs (excluding OPEX Costs).
"Cost Overrun Amount" has the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3.15 (Financing of Cost Overruns and Variation Orders).
"Data Centre" means the data centre to be located on the Property, upon completion consisting of two buildings with a total of 4,200 m2 of "white space" data storage area.
"Debt Service Retention Account" means the debt service retention account to be held by the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Debt Service Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Debt Service Retention Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to that term in Clause 18.2.
"Delay" means any delay in the completion of the Project that will result in a delay in the delivery of parts or sections of the Data Centre to Evry under the Evry Lease Agreement.
"Distribution" means any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or any loans or other distributions or payments by the Issuer to its shareholders, including servicing of Subordinated Loans.
"Dividend Incurrence Test" means that the amount of Liquidity (taking into account the effect of the Distribution in respect of which the Dividend Incurrence Test shall be performed) shall be not less than an amount equal to 12 months of Floating Rate, calculated on the basis of the prevailing Bond Reference Rate at the time the Dividend Incurrence Test is performed.
"DSRA Termination Date" means the latest of 10 Business Days after:
(a) the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date; and
(c) the Construction Completion Date; and
(d) the Evry Acceptance Date.
"Earnings Account" means the account to be held by the Issuer, into which the lease income shall be paid by Evry or any other relevant lessee.
"Earnings Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Earnings Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

#4649744/3

5 (45)

"Escrow Account" means an account in tho name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Drawdown Notice" means a drawdown notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Escrow Account, where the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Evry" means Evry AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with organisation no. 933 012 867.
"Evry Acceptance Date" means the date on which Evry has notified the Issuer that it has accepted delivery of all six sections of the Data Centre, and that rent is payable for all six sections, in accordance with the Evry Lease Agreement.
"Evry Lease Agreement" means the lease agreement originally entered into between Evry and the Issuer dated 5 July 2013 (as amended from time to time).
"Evry Lease Assignment" means a first priority assignment of the Issuer's monetary claims under the Evry Lease Agreement, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) the Oslo Stock Exchange, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Final Disbursement Test" means that the Loan-to-Value Ratio does not exceed 65.00 per cent, pro-forma for any final disbursement from the Escrow Account to be made, calculated on the basis of an updated Market Value, dated not more than 6 months before such final disbursement to be made, to be submitted to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Final Project Cost Disbursement" has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.6 (Final Disbursement).
"Finance Documents" means:
(a) this Bond Agreement;
(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2;
(c) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);

,74649744/3

6 (45)

(d) the Agent Agreement;
(e) the Turn-Over and Subordination Agreement;
(f) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;
(g) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement; and
(h) any other document designated as such by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Financial Support" has the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3.9 (Financial Support).
"Floating Rate" has the meaning given to it in Clause 9 (Interest).
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway, including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and
#4649744/3

guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Independent Consultant" means Multiconsult AS (org. no 910 253 158), acting as independent consultant engaged by the Agent in connection with the Project.
"Interest Cover Ratio" has the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3.17 (No amendments to Evry Lease Agreement).
"Interest Payment Date" means 11 March, 11 June, 11 September and 11 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 11 June 2014.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the shares in the Issuer, granted by Digiplex Fet LLC in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Issuer's freely available and unrestricted cash and cash equivalents.
"Loan-to-Value Ratio" means the ratio of (i) the Outstanding Bonds less (A) any amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account and (B) an amount equal to the Minimum Liquidity (at the time of calculation) to (ii) the Market Value.
"Manager" means Pareto Securities AS, the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means:
(a) the Property is sold or disposed of, or if the Issuer in any way ceases to own 100 per cent, of the Property (in each case other than pursuant to Permitted Partial Disposal); or
(b) the Evry Lease Agreement is cancelled in its entirety; or
(c) the Construction Contract is cancelled in its entirety provided that the Construction Contract is not, within 90 days, replaced with one or several replacement construction contracts on terms substantially similar to the Construction Contract and with counterparties of good standing in the relevant markets; or
(d) an Event of Default has been declared; or
#4649744/3

(e) a Total Loss Event has occurred.
"Margin" means:
(a) from and including the Issue Date until but excluding the First Interest Payment Date following the Evry Acceptance Date, 4.00 per cent, per annum; and
(b) from and including the first Interest Payment Date following the Evry Acceptance Date, 3.75 per cent, per annum.
"Market Value" means the value of the Property as determined by an independent appraiser appointed by the Issuer and acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer;
(b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 11 June 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Minimum Liquidity" means the minimum liquidity as determined in accordance with Clause 13.5(a)(i).
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Non-Compliance Notice" means a notice from the Agent to the Bond Trustee, stating that the Issuer has failed to comply with the requirements of Clause 6.4.
"Operating Assets Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's operating assets (Nw: driftstilbehør), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"OPEX Costs" means operational expenses relating to the operations of the completed sections of the Data Centre up to the Construction Completion Date (but excluding arrangement and interest costs related to the Bond Issue).
#4649744/3

Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means Digiplex Fet LLC, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Delaware with registration no. 5360197 8100, being as of the date hereof the direct owner of all shares in the Issuer.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means Handelsbanken NUF, organisation no. 971 171 324, the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Permitted Partial Disposal" means a sale or other disposal (including by way of de merger) of parts of the Property on which Data Centre building is not (or will not) be directly situated, provided that:
(a) such transaction is carried out at a fair market value and on commercial terms; and
(b) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(c) the Issuer can demonstrate compliance with the Loan-to-Value Ratio pro-forma for such disposal (based on an updated Market Value dated not more than 6 months before the relevant disposal is executed).
"Project" means the design, development, construction, equipping and completion of the Data Centre.
"Project Costs" means any documented project costs required to complete the Project and incurred by the Issuer in the period from the Issue Date and up to the Construction Completion Date.
"Property" means the property with land no. (Nw: gårdsnummer) 36 and property no. (Nw: bruksnummer) 108 in Fet municipality.
"Property Mortgage" means the mortgage granted by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Property and all relevant equipment being legally part of the Property, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), which until the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date shall rank on second priority behind the Construction Guarantee and on first priority thereafter.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Schedule" means a schedule to this Bond Agreement.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
#4649744/3
V

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests (as amended from time to time).
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(b) the Property Mortgage;
(c) the Issuer Share Pledge;
(d) the Assignment of Subordinated Loans;
(e) the Assignment of Insurances;
(f) the Evry Lease Assignment;
(g) the Earnings Account Pledge;
(h) the Debt Service Retention Account Pledge; and
(i) the Operating Assets Pledge.
"Sponsors" means Mr Byrne Murphy and Mr William Conway, and any of their affiliates.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subordinated Loan" means debt financing provided to the Issuer by the Parent or any third party that (i) is subordinated in right of payment to the Bonds pursuant to the Subordination and Turn-Over Agreement, (ii) is only serviced according to the restrictions set out in Clause 13.3.2 (Dividend restrictions) of this Bond Agreement and (iii) does not provide for its acceleration or confer any right to declare any event of default prior to the Maturity Date.
"Subordination and Turn-Over Agreement" means an agreement between the Bond Trustee and any provider of a Subordinated Loan, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
"Surplus Funds" means an amount of NOK 56,000,000 of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue, which shall be transferred to the Escrow Account in connection with the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date, subject to Clause 6.1 of this Bond Agreement.
"Total Construction Contract Cost" means the total budgeted construction costs according to the Construction Contract, being NOK 404,493,177 (ex. VAT).

,74649744/3

O'
11 (45)

"Total Loss Event" means a total loss of the buildings on the Property, in each case determined as a "total loss" by reference to the underlying insurance agreement(s) and/or insurance policies.

"Total Project Costs" means the total costs required to complete the Project (total budgeted costs being NOK 627,000,000 (ex. VAT)), including costs related to the acquisition of the Property and intellectual property rights, design, advisory (including legal, technical and commercial advisory) and project management services and OPEX Costs relating to the operations of the completed sections of the Data Centre up to the Construction Completion Date (but excluding arrangement and interest costs related to the Bond Issue).

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Variation Order" means an incurred Project Costs which constitutes additional work outside the scope of work and specifications of the original Construction Contract.

"Variation Order Amount" has the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3.15 (Financing of Cost Overruns and Variation Orders).

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. 2.1 2.1.1

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

#4649744/3

12 (45)

2. 1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2
2.2.1
2 .2.2

The Bonds The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 500,000,000 (Norwegian kroner five hundred million).
The Face Value is NOK 1,000,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Digiplex Fet AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019".

2.2.4 The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0712870.

2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds (net of legal costs, fees to the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) of the Bonds shall be applied towards:

(a) financing Project Costs;

(b) provide long-term financing of the Property from the Construction Completion Date;

(c) funding the Debt Service Retention Account with an amount of NOK 58,000,000;

(d) funding of OPEX Costs with an amount of up to NOK 30,000,000;

(e) refinancing of a short term bridge loan provided by the Sponsors with an amount of NOK 30,000,000; and

(f) after the Construction Completion Date, financing the Issuer's general corporate purposes (including repayment of Subordinated Loans) with any residual amount standing to the credit of the Escrow Account.

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange and the Issuer

shall procure that the Bonds are listed within 6 months from the Issue Date.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

#4649744/3

13 (45)

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless exercise its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6. 6.1 6.1.1

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Conditions Precedent to the Issue Date Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed;

(b) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

(c) the Bond Trustee fee agreement referred to in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(d) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and other parties to the Finance Documents to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(e) a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer and the Parent;

(f) copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(g) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71/EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

O') establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the Account Bank with which the Escrow Account is held, stating that it has waived all set-off rghts with respect to the Escrow Account);

#4649744/3

14 (45)

(j) satisfactory documentation that the Sponsors have provided the Issuer with a bridge loan of NOK 30,000,000 in May 2014;

(k) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(l) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(m) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue; and

(n) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer, the Parent, and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).

6.1.2

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.3

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 First Disbursement from the Escrow Account
The first disbursement of the net proceeds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed Escrow Account Drawdown Notice, specifying that the amounts from the first disbursement shall be applied to:

(i) fund the Debt Service Retention Account with an amount of NOK 58,000,000; and

(ii) refinance the short term bridge loan with an amount of NOK 30,000,000;

(b) a copy of the appraisal report from CBRE Limited dated 31 March 2014 evidencing that the initial Market Value of the Property (the net development value) is no less than NOK 814,700,000;

(c) the Subordination and Turn-Over Agreement, duly executed;

(d) a copy of the Evry Lease Agreement, duly executed;

(e) a copy of the Construction Contract, duly executed;

(f) a copy of the Construction Guarantee, duly executed;

(g) a copy of the agreement (Nw: Byggkontroltoravtale) between the Agent and the Independent Consultant, duly executed;

(h) the Agent Agreement, duly executed;

#4649744/3

(i) evidence that the Debt Service Retention Account and the Earnings Account have been established;
(j) confirmation from the relevant insurance companies that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is co-insured under all insurances related to the Property and the Project;
(k) confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, Security or Financial Support exists other than as permitted pursuant to Clause 13.3.7 (Financial Indebtedness), Clause 13.3.8 (Negative Pledge) and Clause 13.3.9 (Financial Support), respectively;
(l) the Assignment of Insurances, duly executed and perfected;
(m) the Assignment of Subordinated Loan, duly executed and perfected;
(n) the Debt Service Retention Account Pledge, duly executed and perfected;
(o) the Earnings Account Pledge, duly executed and perfected;
(p) the Operating Assets Pledge, duly executed and perfected;
(q) the Property Mortgage, duly executed and registered on second priority (behind the Construction Guarantee) against the Property;
(r) the Issuer Share Pledge duly executed and perfected;
(s) to the extent not delivered pursuant to Clause 6.1 (Conditions Precedent to the Issue Date), certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and other parties to the Finance Documents to execute the Finance Documents; and
(t) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer, the Parent, and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).
6.3 Subsequent Disbursements - OPEX Costs Funds to be released pursuant to subsequent Escrow Account Drawdown Notices to fund OPEX Costs shall be transferred to the Earnings Account and applied to fund such OPEX Costs for the period until the Construction Completion Date and shall be limited to an aggregate amount of NOK 30,000,000.
6.4 Subsequent Disbursements - Project Costs (other than OPEX Costs) Funds to be released pursuant to subsequent Escrow Account Drawdown Notices to fund Project Costs (other than OPEX Costs) shall only be released if the Escrow Account Drawdown Notice is co-signed by the Agent.
6.5 Subsequent Disbursements - corporate purposes and Distributions Funds to be released pursuant to subsequent Escrow Account Drawdown Notices to fund the Issuer's general corporate purposes shall be released to the Issuer not earlier than the DSRA Termination Date, however always subject to compliance with the Final Disbursement Test and that the Final Project Cost Disbursement has been carried out. Such funds may be

#4649744/3

16 (45)

applied by the Issuer towards financing Distributions, in each case subject to Clause 13.3.2 (Dividend restrictions).

6.6 6.6.1

Final Disbursement
The final disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account to fund Project Costs (the "Final Project Cost Disbursement") shall be limited (if required) to such amount for the Issuer to be in compliance with the Final Disbursement Test.

6.6.2

In the event of non-compliance with the Final Disbursement Test, the remaining funds held in the Escrow Account shall be used to prepay the Bonds (on a pro-rata basis) at 100 per cent, of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds) by no later than 5 Business Days after the Construction Completion Date.

6.7 Non-Compliance Notice
If the Agent has provided a Non-Compliance Notice to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Agent Agreement, no funds shall be released from the Escrow Account until the Agent has confirmed to the Bond Trustee that the Issuer has complied with the terms of Clause 13.3.15 (Financing of Cost Overruns and Variation Orders) and Clause 13.3.16 (Additional funding of Debt Service Retention Account upon Delay(s)).

6.8 Waiver of conditions precedent The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in this Clause 6 (Conditions Precedent).

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1.1

Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of Norway, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.1.2

Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.1.3

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.1.4

Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional

#4649744/3

17 (45)

documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.1.5

No Event of Default
(a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it to which its assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.6

Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, notarizations or registrations required:

resolutions,

licenses,

exemptions,

filings,

(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.1.7

Insurances All insurances referred to in Clause 13.3.14 (Insurances) have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

7.1.8

Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it.

7.1.9

Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

7.1.10

No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.11

No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bend Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

#4649744/3

18 (45)

7.1.12 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.1.13

Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.1.14 Security

No Security exists over any of its assets in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.1.15

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt, but behind the Construction

Guarantee up to the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by

the Security Interests.

8.3

All Security Interests shall rank on first priority, other than the Property Mortgage, which

shall rank on second priority behind the Construction Guarantee from the Settlement Date

up to and including the Construction Guarantee Cancellation Date, and on a first priority

basis at all times thereafter.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date falling in September 2014.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation

of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of

days in the calculation period in which payment is made shall be divided by 360.

9.5

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by

the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the

#4649744/3

19 (45)

relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

9.6

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the

next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment

Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified

to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.7

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Floating

Amount

Value

Rate

x

Floating

Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.8

The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent upon the occurrence of the

Evry Acceptance Date.

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100 per cent.) (plus accrued interest) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call Option):

(a) with settlement date on a Business Day at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 3 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 102.30 per cent, of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed Bonds;

(b) with settlement date on a Business Day at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years and 6 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 101.15 per cent, of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed Bonds; and

(c) with settlement date on a Business Day at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years and 6 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.50 per cent, of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed Bonds.

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such

#4649744/3

20 (45)

Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Mandatory Prepayment
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall, not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem 100 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:

(a) if occurring anytime from the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date 12 months after Settlement Date at a price equal to 105.80 per cent, of par value plus accrued interest up to the settlement date on redeemed Bonds;

(b) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date 12 months after Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date 24 months after Settlement Date, at a price equal to 104.60 per cent, of par value plus accrued interest up to the settlement date on redeemed Bonds;

(c) if occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date 24 months after Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date 36 months after Settlement Date, at a price equal to 103.50 per cent, of par value plus accrued interest up to the settlement date on redeemed Bonds; and

(d) if occurring anytime thereafter, at the then applicable call premium as determined in Clause 10.2 (Call Option) plus accrued interest up to the settlement date on redeemed Bonds.

10.3.2 The redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not on the date the repayment is carried out.

10.4 10.4.1

Total Loss Prepayment
Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall immediately upon receipt of insurance proceeds and in all circumstances no later than 180 days after the date on which the Total Loss Event occurred, redeem the Bonds at 100 per cent, of par value (plus accrued interest).

10.4.2

If the Bonds are redeemed according to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Prepayment) or Clause 10.4 (Total Loss Prepayment), the entire amount in the Accounts, together with any insurance proceeds, may be applied to prepay the Bonds.

10.5 10.5.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101 per cent, of par plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds.

#4649744/3

10.5.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.5.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.5.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.5.1) and any unpaid interest accrued on redeemed Bonds up to (but not including) the settlement date of the Put Option.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Interest Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the currency in which the Bonds are denominated.

11.3.2 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

#4649744/3

22 (45)

11.4

Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00 per cent.) per annum.

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.1.9 15.1.12.

11.6

Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS
13.1 General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

#4649744/3

23 (45)

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly); and

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 13.3.1

General Covenants Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

#4649744/3

24 (45)

13.3.2

Dividend restrictions (a) The Issuer shall not declare or make any Distribution prior to the date falling 6
months after the Evry Acceptance Date.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may not thereafter declare or make any Distribution unless:

(i) the Issuer is, taking into account the effect of such Distribution, in compliance with the Dividend Incurrence Test; and

(ii) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Event of Default will occur as a consequence of such Distribution.

(c) This Clause 13.3.2 does not apply to the repayment of the bridge loan referred to in Clause 2.3(e).

13.3.3

Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities.

13.3.4

De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, other than in connection with a Permitted Partial Disposal.

13.3.5

Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.

13.3.6

Disposals (a) The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets
or operations other than a Permitted Partial Disposal.

(b) The proceeds from a Permitted Partial Disposal shall be transferred to the Earnings Account and may be used to fund the general corporate purposes of the Issuer (including Distributions) subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement.

(c) The Bond Trustee shall, at the cost of the Issuer, take such actions as are required for the Issuer to complete a Permitted Partial Disposal (including release of Security in the relevant part of the Property).

13.3.7 Financial Indebtedness

The Issuer shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than Financial Indebtedness under or in relation to:

(a) the Bond Issue;

#4649744/3

(b) the Construction Guarantee; and
(c) any Subordinated Loans.
13.3.8 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets or its revenues, other than:
(a) the Security granted to secure the Bond Issue and the Construction Guarantee; and
(b) any vendor charge and retention of title arrangements during the period from the Issue Date and the Construction Completion Date.
13.3.9 Financial Support
The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting of security) ("Financial Support") to or for the benefit of any person, other than Financial Support under the Finance Documents and the Construction Guarantee.
13.3.10 Subordinated Loans
(a) From the date of the first disbursement from the Escrow Account, the Issuer shall ensure that any loans to the Issuer from the Parent shall be subordinated to the Bonds and subject to a Subordination and Turnover Agreement.
(b) Any Subordinated Loans may only be serviced pursuant to Clause 13.3.2 (Dividend restrictions).
13.3.11 Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
13.3.12 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.3.13 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.14 Insurances (a) The Issuer shall maintain or procure the maintenance of, in each case, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types

#4649744/3

26 (45)

and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in their relevant jurisdiction.
(b) From the Issue Date and until the Construction Completion Date, the Issuer shall procure that the Contractor insures the Property, the buildings and any other asset or equipment owned by it or the Issuer and located on the Property, with reputable independent insurers against such risks, liabilities and for amounts as normally adopted by the industry for similar assets and liabilities and no unusual self insurance shall be made without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
(c) From the Construction Completion Date and thereafter, the Issuer shall insure the buildings and any other asset or equipment owned by it and located on the Property, with reputable independent insurers against such risks, liabilities and for amounts as normally adopted by the industry for similar assets and liabilities and no unusual self insurance shall be made without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
(d) The Issuer shall ensure that all relevant insurers confirm to the Bond Trustee that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is co-insured under the insurances referred to in this Clause 13.3.14.
13.3.15 Financing of Cost Overruns and Variation Orders
(a) If the Issuer incurs a Project Cost that constitutes a Cost Overrun or a Variation Order, the Issuer shall fund the amount of such Cost Overrun (the "Cost Overrun Amount") or Variation Order (the "Variation Order Amount") with the proceeds from new equity contributions or new Subordinated Loans, unless the Issuer promptly can demonstrate to the Agent that it has funds already available to it from operations and/or applying available funds on the Escrow Account (including the Surplus Funds) or otherwise which in aggregate is sufficient to complete the Project after taking into account the relevant Cost Overrun and/or Variation Order.
(b) The Issuer undertakes to apply such funds to pay any Cost Overrun Amount and/or Variation Order Amount when such amounts mature for payment.
(c) The Issuer undertakes to notify the Bond Trustee through the Agent upon incurring an individual Cost Overrun and/or Variation Order exceeding NOK 20,000,000. The notice shall include information describing the Cost Overrun and/or Variation Order and details on how the Issuer intends to fund the payment of the Cost Overrun and/or Variation Order.
13.3.16 Additional funding of Debt Service Retention Account upon Delay(s)
(a) The Issuer shall give notice to the Bond Trustee of any Delays. If any such Delay should occur, the Issuer undertakes to fund the Debt Service Retention Account with an additional amount equal to the interest to be incurred during a period equal to such Delay (the "Additional DSRA Amount") by the use of funds already available to it from operations and/or applying available funds on the Escrow Account (including the Surplus Funds) or otherwise. To the extent the Issuer is not capable to fund the Additional DSRA Amount as described above, the Issuer undertakes to fund such
#4649744/3

shortfall with the proceeds from new equity contributions or new Subordinated Loans.
(b) The Issuer undertakes to transfer the Additional DSRA Amount to the Debt Service Retention Account no later than 20 days after it has notified the Bond Trustee of any Delay. The Additional DSRA Amount shall be determined by the Bond Trustee on the basis of information provided to the Bond Trustee by the Issuer.
13.3.17 No amendments to Evry Lease Agreement (a) The Issuer shall not make any amendments to the Evry Lease Agreement that is likely to reduce the Market Value and/or reduce the agreed payments to the Issuer under the Evry Lease Agreement.
(b) Notwithstanding the above:
(i) the Issuer may, subject to prior written notice to the Bond Trustee, agree to minor amendments of the Evry Lease Agreement for the purpose of facilitating reasonable technical upgrades and/or maintenance of the Property and/or the Data Centre; and
(ii) the Issuer may agree to any amendment of the Evry Lease Agreement, provided that:
(A) if such amendment is likely to reduce the Market Value, the Issuer can demonstrate that, by delivering an updated Market Value (which shall be made on the assumption that the relevant amendment has been made) to the Bond Trustee before the relevant amendment is agreed, the Issuer is in compliance with the Loan-to-Value Ratio immediately after giving effect to the relevant amendment; and
(B) if such amendment is likely to reduce the payments to the Issuer under the Evry Lease Agreement, the Issuer can demonstrate to the Bond Trustee that the Interest Cover Ratio is above 1.5.
For the purpose of the above, "Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio (based on reasonable assumptions acceptable to the Bond Trustee) of (i) the aggregate amount of payments to the Issuer under the Evry Lease Agreement less budgeted opex costs to (ii) the aggregate amount of interest paid on the Bonds (assuming no Event of Default), in each case for a period starting on the date the relevant amendment is to be given effect and ending on the Final Maturity Date. If the relevant amendment is to be adopted before the Construction Completion Date, then the Interest Cover Ratio shall be calculated for the period starting on the then expected Construction Completion Date and ending on the Final Maturity Date.
13.4 Maintenance of Accounts 13.4.1 The Issuer shall maintain all Accounts with Account Banks.

#4649744/3

28 (45)

13.4.2

Debt Service Retention Account
(a) On the Issue Date, the Issuer shall procure that NOK 58,000,000 of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue is transferred from the Escrow Account into the Debt Service Retention Account.

(b) The Debt Service Retention Account shall be pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and shall be blocked. The Account Bank shall waive any set-off rights in respect of the Debt Service Retention Account.

(c) Any amounts standing to the credit of the Debt Service Retention Account shall be released and applied only towards payments of interest under the Bond Issue up to and including the Interest Payment Date in June 2016.

(d) The Debt Service Retention Account shall be terminated on the DSRA Termination Date. Any amounts standing to the credit of the Debt Service Retention Account on the DSRA Termination Date shall be transferred to an account designated by the Issuer and may be applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer (subject to the restrictions set out in this Bond Agreement).

13.4.3

Earnings Account (a) The Issuer shall procure that Evry pays all amounts due under the Evry Lease
Agreement directly into the Earnings Account.

(b) To the extent other lease agreements than the Evry Lease Agreement are entered into by the Issuer, the Issuer shall procure that each lessee pays all amounts due under the relevant lease agreements directly into the Earnings Account.

(c) The Earnings Account shall be pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked. The Account Bank shall waive any set-off rights in respect of the Earnings Account.

(d) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Earnings Account shall be blocked and the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to make any withdrawals from the Earnings Account.

13.4.4 Escrow Account:

(a) The Escrow Account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge and blocked so that no withdrawals can be made from such account without the Bond Trustee's prior written consent pursuant to Clause 6 (Conditions Precedent). The Account Bank shall waive any set off rights to such account.

(b) The Bond Trustee shall have free access to information from the Account Bank of the bank balance on the Escrow Account.

(c) The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be used, and the Issuer shall be entitled to withdraw amounts only for use, according to the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization).

#4649744/3

13.5

Financial Covenants (a) The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the
term of the Bond Issue:

(i) Minimum Liquidity: Starting on the DSRA Termination Date, the Issuer shall maintain a Liquidity of an amount equal to a minimum of 6 months Floating Rate from the DSRA Termination Date (calculated by reference to the prevailing Floating Rate at the start of each 6 months period); and

(ii) Loan-to-Value Ratio: The Issuer shall ensure that the Loan-to-Value Ratio does not exceed 65.00 per cent.

(b) The Issuer undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenants at all times (except for the covenant in Clause 13.5(a)(i), which shall apply at all times from the DSRA Termination Date) during the term of the Bond Issue, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date (except for the Loan-to-Value Ratio which shall be measured on an annual basis) and certified by the Issuer with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the respective Reporting Date.

(c) The Market Value shall be determined on an annual basis, unless otherwise agreed in this Bond Agreement. Until the Construction Completion Date, the Market Value shall refer to the net development value as set out in the relevant appraisal report.

(d) In the event the Issuer is in breach with the Loan-to-Value Ratio, the Issuer shall be entitled to provide cash security in an amount to again become compliant. Such cash security shall be in place until the Market Value is again sufficient to meet the Loanto-Value Ratio at which point the cash security shall be released to the Issuer and may be applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer (subject to the restrictions set out in this Bond Agreement).

14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders

#4649744/3

30 (45)

hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a) the amount of the paiyment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default").

15.1.1

Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within 5 Business Days following the original due date.

15.1.2

Breach of other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 10 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3

Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates and Escrow Account Drawdown Notices) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

#4649744/3

31 (45)

15.1.4

Insolvency (a) The Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends
making payments on any of its debts or.

(b) The value of the assets of the Issuer is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(c) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer.

15.1.5 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If, for the Issuer, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step (each an "Action") is taken in relation to:

(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;

(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(d) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, to the extent such Action is not clearly frivolous or vexatious and is discharged or dismissed within 30 days after it commenced.

15.1.6

Creditors' process The Issuer has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

15.1.7

Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.8

Material Adverse Change Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.1.9

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

#4649744/3

32 (45)

15.1.10 The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.1.11 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.1.12 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.1.9 or 15.1.11 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory Prepayment).

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

33 (45)

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

34 (45)

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any of the terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 16.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (112) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

#4649744/3

35 (45)

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measuies resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

36 (45)

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.1.11(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14 (Fees and expenses), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 17.4.1

Appointment of Security Agent The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue. (a) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of
the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties

#4649744/3

37 (45)

of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

(b) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

17.4.3

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.4

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer or the Parent, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims

#4649744/3

38 (45)

being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3 All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement,

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

39 (45)

against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

18.2.4 Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.5 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.2.6 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.3 18.3.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.3.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.4

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.5 18.5.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.5.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.5.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

4 0 (45)

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.5.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.5.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

18.6 18.6.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.6.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.6.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.6.3

Clause 18.6.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Digiplex Fet AS

Nordic Trustee ASA

By:
,74649744/3

41 (45)

Position:

Position:

# 4649744/3

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.5.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.5.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

18.6 18.6.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.6.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.6.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.6.3

Clause 18.6.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

41 (45)

Position: CH16F t i n w o a i l O f f t C^/Z

Position:

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

42 (45)

SCHEDULE 1
F o r m o f C o m p l ia n c e C e r t if ic a t e

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 8794 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

FRN DIGIPLEX FET AS SENIOR SECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 0712870 - COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;

4.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(a)(i), the Minimum Liquidity as of [date] is [·]; and

5.

in accordance with Clause 13.5(a)(ii), the Loan-to-Value Ratio as of [date] is [·].

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] / [valuation showing the Market Value in accordance with Clause 13.13(c)] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully, Digiplex Fet AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]
# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

43 (45)

SCHEDULE 2
F o r m o f E s c r o w A c c o u n t D r a w d o w n N o t ic e

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

FRN DIGIPLEX FET AS SENIOR SECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 0712870 - ESCROW ACCOUNT DRAWDOWN NOTICE

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement. This is an Escrow Account Drawdown Notice.

[FOR DISBURSEMENTS PURSUANT TO CLAUSE 6.3 (SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENTS - OPEX COSTS, INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING TEXT: This is an Escrow Account Drawdown Notice pursuant to Clause 6.3 (Subsequent Disbursements - OPEX Costs). We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of NOK [·] from the Escrow Account applied to fund OPEX Costs. We have previously drawn an amount of NOK [·] to fund OPEX Costs. The aggregate amount drawn pursuant to Clause 6.3 (Subsequent Disbursements - OPEX Costs) is therefore NOK [·]. The aggregate maximum amount which we are permitted to draw pursuant to that Clause is NOK 30,000,000.]

[FOR DISBURSEMENTS PURSUANT TO CLAUSE 6.4 (SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENTS - PROJECT COSTS (OTHER THAN OFEX COSTS)), INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING TEXT: This is an Escrow Account Drawdown Notice pursuant to Clause 6.4 (Subsequent Disbursements - Project Costs (other than OPEX Costs)). We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of NOK [·] from the Escrow Account applied to fund Project Costs (other than OPEX Costs) Please see the Agent's confirmation and countersignature below.]

[FOR DISBURSEMENTS PURSUANT TO CLAUSE 6.5 (SUBSEQUENT DISBURSEMENTS - CORPORATE PURPOSES AND DISTRIBUTIONS), INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING TEXT: This is an Escrow Account Drawdown Notice pursuant to Clause 6.5 (Subsequent Disbursements - Corporate purposes and Distributions). We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of NOK [·] from the Escrow Account applied to fund corporate purposes[ and Distributions (subject to Clause 13.3.2 (Dividend restrictions)]. We confirm that the Final Disbursement Test was complied with on [date] and that the Final Project Cost Disbursement was carried out on [date].]

[FOR DISBURSEMENTS PURSUANT TO CLAUSE 6.6 (FINAL DISBURSEMENT), INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING TEXT: This is an Escrow Account Drawdown Notice pursuant to Clause 6.6 (Final Disbursement). We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of NOK [·] from the Escrow Account applied to fund the Final Project Cost Disbursement. We hereby certify that the Loan-toValue Ratio does not exceed 65 per cent, pro forma for the final disbursement from the Escrow

# 4649744/3

Account, calculated on the basis of an updated Market Value, which is dated no more than 6 months before the date of the requested disbursement, and which is attached hereto.] We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the drawdown, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof. Yours faithfully, DigiPlex Fet AS
Name of authorized person [FOR ESCROW ACCOUNT DRAWDOWN NOTICES PURSUANT TO CLAUSE 6.4 OF THE BOND AGREEMENT,
INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING CONFIRMATION AND CO-SIGNATURE]
[The funds to be released pursuant to this Escrow Account Drawdown Notice is intended to fund [a] Cost Overrun(s)][Variation Order(s)]. We, Pareto Bank ASA, acting as Agent, hereby confirm that the Issuer has demonstrated to us that it has funds already available to it from operations or funds available in the Escrow Account (including the Surplus Funds) or otherwise, and which in aggregate are sufficient to complete the Project after taking into account the relevant [Cost Overrun(s)] [Variation Order(s)]. Yours faithfully, Pareto Bank ASA
Name of authorized person]
We, Nordic Trustee ASA, acting as Bond Trustee, hereby instruct the Account Bank to effect the payment requested in the above Escrow Account Drawdown Notice. Notwithstanding this release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Escrow Account shall remain blocked. Yours faithfully, Nordic Trustee ASA
Name of authorized person

# 4 6 4 9 7 4 4 /3

45 (45)

