ISINNO 001 062270.7
NOTE AGREEMENT between
Transeuro Energy Corp. (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Note Trustee) on behalf of the Noteholders in the note issue
24.00 per cent Transeuro Energy Corp. Secured Callable Note Issue 2011
{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Notes 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Notes 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Notes and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Notes and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Notes 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Noteholders' meeting 17 The Note Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 9 9 10 10 11 12 14 15 15 17 18 18 23 24 26 29 31

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on July 26, 2011 between
(1) Transeuro Energy Corp. (a company incorporated in British Columbia in Canada with incorporation number 0740010) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as note trustee (the "Note Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions

In this Note Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):

"Account Bank" means DnB NOR Bank ASA or any other first class international bank with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's or acceptable to the Note Trustee.

"Account M anager" means a Noteholder's account manager in the Securities

Register.

------------ ------------------------ ---------------

"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Note Agreement.

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
i "Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.

"Change of C ontrol" means that any investor or group of investors which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer.

"Contemplated Rights Issue" means the Issuers contemplated rights issue of CAD 1 0 -1 5 million which has been scheduled for August / September 2011 and not later than 30 November 2011. A guarantee consortium for the rights issue in the amount of CAD 8.0 million has been established.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, YAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.

"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the Account Bank for the amount standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account (according to Norwegian law), in favour of the Note Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Noteholders).

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Notes are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Notes.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Note Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Note Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Note Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Note Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a

non-recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

{3 880-001\00558281.DOCX.4)

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet and, cash flow statement.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the

country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International

Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by

the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor

thereof), in force from time to time. ___

___

____

___

"G roup" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

"Interest Payment Date" means the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Notes.

"Issue Date" means 26 July 2011.

"Issuer's Notes" means Notes owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Junior Security" means any lower priority pledges of the Share Pledge. The Issuer shall ensure that no junior security is established over the Share Pledge unless:

(a) the Note Trustee has given its written consent thereof; and

(b) an inter-creditor agreement (being in form and substance satisfactory to the Note Trustee) is entered into between the Note Trustee and any lenders of such junior debt including the following, however not limited to:

{3880-001\00558281.D0CX.4}

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) provisions securing the Note Trustee in its sole discretion to take any action against the Issuer or to enforce any Security Documents without any consent from the junior lenders; and
(ii) provisions securing that the junior security cannot be enforced without the written consent from the Note Trustee.
"Manager" means the manager for the Note Issue.
"Margin" means 24.00 percentage points per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Note Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Note Agreement and any Security Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated assets of the Group, or
(ii) any Subsidiaiy whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated net sales of the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiaiy or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiaiy had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Mattson" means MATTSON HOLDINGS LTD,, a British Columbia company with its head office at Suite 500 - 900 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, B.C., V6C 1E5 and registration number BC07233371.
"Maturity Date" means 30 November 2011 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Note Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Noiwegian kroner, being the lawfi.il currency of Noiway.
"Note Agreement" means this note agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Note Issue" means the note issue constituted by the Notes.
"Noteholder" means a holder of Note(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.

{3880-001\00558281 .DOCX.4)

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Notes" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Note Agreement, representing the Noteholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Outstanding Notes" means the aggregate value of the total number of Notes not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty" means a party to this Note Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Notes.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Q uarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
Rights Agency Agreement" means the rights agency agreement to be entered into by the Issuer and Computershare Trust Company of Canada regarding the Contemplated Rights Offering, substantially in the form attached as Schedule "A" to this agreement.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Note Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Note Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Note Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer under any Note Agreement, including but not limited to:
(i) Escrow Account Pledge (if applicable); and (ii) Share Pledge

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

7

Norsk TiHitsmann ASA
"Share Pledge" means first priority pledges over all of the Issuer's shares (100%) in Mattson.
"Sub-Subsidiary" means an entity over which a Subsidiaiy has a determining influence due to (i) direct or indirect ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement and if the Subsidiaiy has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote out a majority of the directors in the entity according to IFRS.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Notes" means the Outstanding Notes less the Issuer's Notes.
1.2 Construction
In this Note Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Note Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

8

Norsk Tillitsinann ASA

2

The Notes

2.1 Binding nature o f the Note Agreement

2.1.1

The Noteholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer o f Notes bound by the terms o f the Note Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Note Trustee to finalize and execute the Note Agreement on the Noteholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Note transfers are subject to the terms o f this Note Agreement and all Note transferees are, in taking transfer o f Notes, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Note Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Note Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Note Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Note Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Note Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Notes.

2.2

The Notes

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Notes in the maximum amount o f NOK 14 500 000 (Norwegian kroner fifteen million).

The Notes will be in denominations o f NOK 1,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Note Issue will be described as "24.00 per cent Transeuro Energy Corp. Secured Callable Note Issue 2011".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Note Issue will be NO 001 062270.7.

The tenor o f the Notes is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1

The net proceeds o f the Notes shall be employed partly to pay some of the outstanding trade creditors in the Ukraine and partly to engage contractors for the upcoming fracturing program o f the Karl 101 well in the Ukraine. The net proceeds shall serve as interim financing until the contemplated rights issue has been executed, which is expected to close mid September but at the latest by the end of November 2011.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Notes on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Notes if it so desires.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

9

Norsk Tillitsmaon ASA

3.2 If the Notes are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Notes remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Note Issue and the Notes shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Note Agreement. The Note Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations
4.4 The Notes have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Notes under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Notes

5.1 Eligible purchasers

5.1.1 The Notes are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Notes, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.

5.2 Transfer restrictions

5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Noteholders by local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Notes are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2.2

Noteholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Note except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Noteholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

{ 3 8 8 0 - 0 0 1 \0 0 5 5 8 2 8 1 .D O C X .4}

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Notes to the Issuer will be subject to the Note Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Note Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions (both from the Issuer and Mattson) to issue the Notes and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer and Mattson to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and Mattson, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer and Mattson;
(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Note Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Notes have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Note Trustee as set out in Clause 2. land copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Note Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Note Trustee;
(m) establishment of the Escrow Account, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledge from the bank); and
(n) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Note Trustee.
6.2 The Note Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.3 The Note Trustee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Note Issue (pre and post Issue Date).
6.4 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Notes is subject to the Note Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfdled.
6.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Note Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Note Issue available to the Issuer, alternatively transfer the net proceeds from the Note Issue to the Escrow Account (if applicable).

7

Representations and W arranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Note Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders) that:
(a) Status ______lhe Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing
under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Note Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Note Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Note Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional

{3 880-001\0055828l.DOCX.4}

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Note Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect unless otherwise indicated and previously publicly disclosed. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to cany on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Note Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect unless otherwise indicated and previously publicly disclosed.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material___ Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Note Trustee in connection with this Note Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

13

Norsk Tiilitsmann ASA

(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Note Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders) or the Noteholders under this Note Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Note Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances _______ No Encumbrances exist over any of (he present assets of any Group Company in
conflict with this Note Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Note Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account (if applicable).
7.3 The Note Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Note Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Notes, and during the term of the Notes, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Notes and security

8.1 The Notes shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Notes shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

(3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9 Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Notes from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 24 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being November 2011.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31 st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Note for a relevant calculation period shall be

----------- calculated as follows:

-----------

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10

Maturity of the Notes and

Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Notes shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem parts of the Note Issue or the entire Note Issue as follows (Call Option) at any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 100 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Note Trustee and the Noteholders and at least 10 calendar days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Notes (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

15

Norsk Tillitsmonn ASA

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Noteholders holding Notes to be redeemed, in respect of each such Note, the principal amount of such Note (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date

10.2.5 Notes redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Notes.

10.3 10.3.1

Change o f control Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event each Noteholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "P ut Option") of its Notes at a price of 100 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Note Trustee and the Noteholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Noteholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen - 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Noteholders holding Notes to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Note (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory prepayment

10.4.1 Upon the occurrence of the Mandatory Prepayment, the Notes shall be redeemed at 100.00 % of redeemed amount plus accrued interests within 5 business days after the Contemplated Rights Issue has been completed and settled.

10.4.2

The Notes shall be redeemed using the proceeds of the Contemplated Rights Issue in accordance with a Rights Agency Agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, substantially in the form attached to this Note Agreement as "Schedule A".

10.4.3

The Note Trustee and the Noteholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory prepayment according to this Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Prepayment), at least 10 calendar days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory prepayment. On the settlement date of a mandatory prepayment, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Noteholders holding Notes to be redeemed, in respect of each such Note, the principal amount of such Note and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date of such mandatory prepayment.

10.4.4 If the Contemplated Rights Issue is completed and the Notes are to be prepaid in accordance with Clause 10.4, the Issuer undertakes to instruct Computershare Trust

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Company of Canada (as custodian for the Issuer in connection with the Contemplated Rights Issue) to transfer sufficient funds to the Manager for redemption of the Notes and all other amounts outstanding hereunder prior to the Issuer receiving any funds from the Contemplated Rights Issue.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Noteholders under the Notes and this Note Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Noteholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Noteholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Noteholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Notes are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Noteholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Noteholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer..

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Note Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Notes are denominated in. If, however, the Noteholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Noteholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Note Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4)

17

Norsk Tiilitsiuann ASA

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Notes are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Note Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Noteholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Note Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Noteholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuer's acquisitionof Notes

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Notes (Issuer's Notes). The Issuer's Notes may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Note Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Note Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Note Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Note Trustee (or the Noteholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Note Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Note Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Note Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter), in each case subject to any exemption, waiver or extension granted by Oslo Børs or TSX;

(e) at the request of the Note Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Notes;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Note Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Note Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Note Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Note Trustee of changes in the registration of the Notes in the Securities Register; and

--------- (i)- within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Note Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Note Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Notes on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Note Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Note Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Note Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Note Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities. The Issuer shall notify the Note Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall, cariy out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, except for the avoidance of doubt where such company or entity becomes a wholly owned Subsidiary with Sub-Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall notify the Note Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Subsidiaries shall not
cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date oIThis Note Agreement, or as contemplated by this Note Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer and its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, save for the sale of the following assets:
(i) sale of shares in (i) East Crimea BV, a Dutch incorporated company or (ii) Pivdenspetsbud, a Ukrainian incorporated company that holds title to the JAA for the Povorotnoye gas field in Crimea; and
(ii) farm in to earn an interest in the Karl-101 well in return for providing the cost of the hydraulic fracturing and to tie in the well to the sales pipeline.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transactions with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Ownership to Material Subsidiaries Other than as permitted by Section 13.3 (e) the Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.
(d) Subsidiaries 'distributions The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Note Agreement.
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization,
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Note Trustee such relevant details of any:
(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and
(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Note Trustee may reasonably request.
(Ii) Further indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall not incur further indebtedness or loans above CAD 5 000 000 (which may only be established by the

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Issuer and not in a Subsidiary nor in a Sub-Subsidiary) nor grant any further credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent save for (a) Financial Support made, granted or given in the ordinary course of business; (b) indebtedness being subordinated to this Loan (for the avoidance of doubt, it is
being understood that if such indebtedness is incurred by a Subsidiary or a Sub-Subsidiary, the counterparty shall enter into a turn-over and subordination agreement with the Note Trustee); and (c) indebtednesss which the Noteholders have given their consent thereto.

(i) Negative Pledge
Unless the Noteholders or the Note Trustee has given its written consent thereof, the Issuer shall not and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall create, permit to subsist or allow to exist over any of its present or future assets or revenues, any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance other than the encumbrances granted for:
(a) any derivative transaction related to the Issuer's hedging policy;
(b) obligations incurred by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of business and as part of the daily operation by any such member of the Group; or
(c) any lien arising by operation of law.
For clarification reasons, the Issuer shall ensure that 100% of Questerre Beaver River Inc. (incorporation no. 2012396517) shares owned by Mattson shall not be pledged during the term of this Note.

0) Insurance
The Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) all its assets (production plants and equipment) and the assets in its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries are adequately insured (by a reputable insurance company) against fire and all other asset damages during the term of the loan.
(b) all its assets and the assets in its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries have established adequately operation disruption insurance cover (by a reputable insurance company) during the term of the loan
(c) all its assets and all its Subsidiaries' with Sub-Subsidiaries' assets are properly maintained and properly surveyed as well as that the assets are being operated and employed in a proper manner according to normal operations for the kind of assets they represent.

(k) License and operations authorities
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall ensure that all required licenses, authorizations and similar for the operations of the Group's operational

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
assets as well as any other licenses and authorities are being maintained and are validly in place throughout the term of Loan.
(1) Financial Support The Issuer shall not, and ensure that none of its Subsidiaries with Sub-Subsidiaries shall make any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person not being a member of the Group ("Financial Support"), save for
(a) Financial Support made, granted or given in the ordinary course of business; and
(b) Financial Support which the Noteholders or the Note Trustee has given its written consent thereof.
(m) Listing The issuer shall ensure that the Issuer's shares remain listed on Oslo AXESS and Toronto Stock Exchange Venture.
13.5 Preservation o f equity
(a) Dividend restriction The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity).
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Note Agreement and fulfdment of its obligations under this Note Agreement, including preparation of this Note Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Notes on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Notes in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Note Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Note Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Note Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Noteholders.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Notes and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Notes in the secondary market shall be paid by the Noteholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Note Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Note Trustee in connection with the Notes, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Note Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Noteholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Notes may be declared by the Note Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Note Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - live Business Days following (he original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Note Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Note Trustee.
(c) Cross default The Issuer or any Group Company, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of CAD 7,000 000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

{3880-001100558281 .DOCX.4}

24

Norsk TiUitsmann ASA
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Note Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f)__Creditors [process The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Note Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or the Issuer which, in the reasonable opinion of the Note Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

{3880-001\00558281.D0CX.4)

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Note Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Noteholders, declare the Outstanding Notes including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Note Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Noteholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Notes, and all other amounts outstanding under the Note Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Note Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Notes including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Note Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Noteholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Notes, and the Noteholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Noteholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Notes in default and due for payment.
In either case the Note Trustee shall on behalf of the Noteholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Notes. The Note Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Noteholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Note Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Notes to be in default and due for payment, the Note Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Noteholders under the Outstanding Notes including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16 Noteholders' meeting

16.1 A uthority o f the Noteholders 'meeting

16.1.1

The Noteholders ' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Noteholders community in all matters relating to the Notes. If a resolution by or an approval of the Noteholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Noteholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Noteholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Notes.

16.2 Procedural rules fo r Noteholders ' meetings

16.2.1 A Noteholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Noteholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Notes,

{3880-001\0055S281.DOCX.4}

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(c) the Exchange, if the Notes are listed, or (d) the Note Trustee.

16.2.2 The Noteholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Note Trustee. A request for a Noteholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Note Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Note Trustee has not summoned a Noteholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Noteholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Noteholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Noteholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Noteholder's holdings of Notes shall be sent to all Noteholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Noteholders' Meeting. The Note Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Note Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Note Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Notes in the period from distribution of the summons until the Noteholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Noteholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Noteholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Notes.

16.2.8

The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Note Trustee. The Noteholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Noteholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Note Trustee. If the Note Trustee is not present, the Noteholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Noteholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Noteholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Noteholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Noteholders represented at the Noteholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Noteholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Note Trustee and shall be available to the Noteholders.

16.2.10 The Noteholders, the Note Trustee and - provided the Notes are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Noteholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Noteholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Noteholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Noteholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Noteholders' Meeting and vote for the Notes.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Noteholders' Meeting. The Noteholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Noteholders 'meetings

16.3.1

At the Noteholders' Meeting each Noteholder may cast one vote for each Voting Note owned at close of business on the day prior to the date o f the Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Noteholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Notes shall count as the Issuer's Notes. The Issuer's Notes shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Note Trustee and any Noteholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Noteholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Notes must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Notes are represented, the Noteholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Notes represented at the Noteholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Notes represented at the Noteholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Note Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Notes;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Note Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Note Trustee.

16.3.6 The Noteholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Noteholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders.

16.3.7 The Note Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Noteholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Noteholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Noteholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Noteholders 'meeting

16.4.1. If the Noteholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Noteholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The

{3880-001\00558281.D0CX.4)

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

attendance and the voting result of the first Noteholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Noteholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Noteholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Notes are represented.

17 The Note Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Note Trustee

17.1.1

The Note Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Note Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Note Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Noteholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Note Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Note Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Noteholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Note Agreement. The Note Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Note Agreement.

17.1.2 _

The Note Trustee may take any step necessaiy to ensure the rights of the Noteholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Note Agreement. The Note Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Noteholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Note Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Noteholders concerning this Note Agreement, including amendments to the Note Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Note Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Noteholders pursuant to this Note Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Note Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Noteholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Noteholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Note Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Note Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Noteholders in the event that any Noteholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Note Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Note Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Note Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Noteholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders.

(3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Noteholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Note Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Noteholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Note Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

\1.2.1

The Note Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Noteholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Note Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Note Agreement. The Note Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Noteholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Note Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Note Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Note Trustee as a result of the Note Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Note Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o fNote Trustee__________ ________

17.3.1 Change of Note Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Note Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as note trustee until such time that a new Note Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new note trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Note Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Note Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Note Agreement or other circumstances for which the Note Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Note Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new note trustee receives without undue delay following the Noteholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Note Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Note Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Note Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Noteholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Note Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Note Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Note Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Note Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Note Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Note Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Note Agreement necessaiy or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Note Agreement, signed by the Note Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Note Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Noteholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18

Miscellaneous

18.1 _ The community o fNoteholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Notes, which are governed by this Note Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Noteholders), a community exists between the Noteholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Noteholders are bound by the terms of this Note Agreement, (b) the Note Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Noteholders, (c) the Note Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Note
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Notes registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Note Agreement establishes a community between Noteholders meaning that; (i) the Notes rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Noteholders may not, based on this Note Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Noteholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Note Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Note Agreement, act directly towards the Noteholders, (iv) the Noteholders may not cancel the Noteholders' community, and that (v) the individual Noteholder may not resign from the Noteholders' community.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Note Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Note Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Notes to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Note Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Note Trustee to the effect that the Noteholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day- after-the date of establishment of the pledge;-----------
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Note Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Noteholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Note Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Note Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of it's option under Clause 18.2.1;

(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Note Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Note Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Note Trustee for the account of the Noteholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Note Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(e) all other provisions of the Note Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by th e ---Note Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Note Agreement, to the payment to the Noteholders of all sums due to them under this Note Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Noteholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Note Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Notes and this Note Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Note Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Note Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Note Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Notes have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Note Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Note Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Notes registered in the Securities Register.

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX.4}

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Note Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Note Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Noteholders made by the Note Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Noteholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Noteholders shall be sent via the Note Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Note Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Note Agreement between the Note Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Note Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Note Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Note Agreement between the Note Trustee, the Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Note Agreement between the Note Trustee, the Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit o f the Note Trustee only. As a result, the Note Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Note Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

>|{ # >|j

{3880-001100558281 .DOCX.4}

34

Norsk Tiliitsmatm ASA
This Note Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Note Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Note Trustee

By: P / V ; C >

By:

t

Position:

/ p>l yUTz^UyC-

Position:

{3880-001\00558281X>OCX.4}

35

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
SCHEDULE A FORM OF RIGHTS AGENCY AGREEMENT

{3880-00!\00558281.DOCX.4}

36

RIGHTS AGENCY AND CUSTODIAL AGREEMENT

THIS AG REEM ENT MADE as of the [®] day of [July, 2011].
BETWEEN:
TRANSEURO ENERGY CORP., a corporation incorporated under the laws of British Columbia,
(the "Company")
- and -
COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA, a company existing under the laws of Canada,
(the "Agent")

defined);

W HEREA S the Company has resolved to issue Rights (as hereinafter

AND W HEREAS the Rights are to be issued to all Common Shareholders (as hereinafter defined) but delivered only to certain Common Shareholders;

A N D W HEREAS Computershare Investor Services Inc. acts as registrar and transfer agent for the Common Shares (as hereinafter defined);

AND W HEREAS the Company desires that the Agent act as (a) registrar and transfer agent for the Rights, (b) custodian of monies tendered upon exercise of the Rights and (c) custodian of Rights of Non-Qualified Shareholders (as hereinafter defined);

AND W HEREAS the foregoing recitals and statements of fact are made by the Company and not by the Agent.
NO W THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein set forth, the parties agree as follows:

1.

Definitions

1.01 below:

In this Agreement, the following terms have the meaning ascribed thereto

(a)

"Additional Shares" means the Common Shares available for

subscription after the initial exercise of the Rights;

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.2}

2 -

-

(b) "Additional Subscription Privilege" means the privilege of Qualified Shareholders and U.S. Eligible Holders to subscribe for Additional Shares after the exercise of all of their Rights;

(c)

"Agreement" means this agreement;

(d) "Canadian Prospectus" means the short form prospectus of the Company dated [®], 2011 filed pursuant to the securities law of Canada;

(e) "CDS" means The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited;

(f)

"CDSX" means the clearing and settlement system utilized by CDS

and its participants;

(g) "Common Shareholders" means the registered holders of Common Shares as of the Record Date, as shown on the register of holders of Common Shares maintained by the transfer agent for the Common Shares;

(h) "Common Shares" means the common shares in the capital of the Company;

(i)

"Expiry Date" means August [26], 2011;

(j)

"Fondsfinans" means Fondsfinans ASA;

(k) "Loan Amount" means the amount of NOK15,000,000 provided to the Company in connection with the note financing managed by Fondsfinans in July 2011;

(l)

"Note Agreement" means the note agreement dated July [®], 2011

entered into by the Company and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA in

connection with the Loan Amount;

(m) "Non-Qualified Jurisdiction" means any jurisdiction other than each of the Qualified Jurisdictions and the United States of America;

(n) "Non-Qualified Shareholders" means those Common Shareholders whose address on the register of holders of Common Shares on the Record Date is in a Non-Qualified Jurisdiction;

(o) "Norway Prospectus" means the prospectus of the Company dated [®], 2011 filed pursuant to the securities laws of Norway;

(p) "Norway Registered Shareholders" means those Common Shareholders whose address on the register of holders of Common Shares on the Record Date is in Norway;

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

-3-

(q) "Qualified Jurisdictions" means Norway and the provinces of [British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario];

(r)

"Qualified Shareholders" means those Common Shareholders

whose address on the register of holders of Common Shares on the

Record Date is in a Qualified Jurisdiction;

(s)

"Record Date" means as at the close of business on August [3],

2011;

(t)

"Rights" means rights to purchase Common Shares;

(u) "Rights Certificates" means certificates representing Rights;

(v)

"Subscription Funds" means any and all monies tendered by

Qualified Shareholders of Rights for the purchase of Common

Shares, which monies must be in the form of a certified cheque,

bank draft or money order payable to the Agent;

(w) "U.S, Eligible Holder" means those Common Shareholders whose address on the register of holders of Common Shares on the Record Date is in the United States of America, except if the address is located in the States of [NTD: insert non-exem pt states];

(x) "U.S. Exemption Document" means the Form CB dated July [®], 2011 to be provided to Shareholders with an address in the United States; and

(y)

"VPS" means Verdipapirsentralen ASA, the Norwegian public limited

company authorized to register rights to financial instruments in

Norway.

2.

Appointment of Registrar and Transfer Agent

2.01

The Agent is hereby appointed as registrar and transfer agent for the Rights

and the Agent hereby accepts such appointment upon the terms hereinafter set forth.

2.02

The Agent shall keep the Company's register of Rights, register of transfers

of Rights and supply of unissued Rights Certificates. Subject to such instructions as may

be from time to time given by the Company in writing, the Agent shall:

(a) subject to (b), (c) and (d) below, issue Rights to all of the Common Shareholders and enter the issuance of such Rights on the Company's register of Rights;

(b) subject to (c) below, for each Qualified Shareholder, forward the Rights Certificate(s) issued to such Qualified Shareholder, a covering

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

4 -

~

letter (if provided by the Company), a return envelope addressed to the Agent and the Canadian Prospectus;

(c) for each Norway Registered Shareholder, forward the Rights Certiflcate(s) issued to such Norway Qualified Shareholder, a covering letter (if provided by the Company), a return envelope addressed to the Agent and the Norway Prospectus;

(d) for each U.S. Exempt Shareholder, forward the Rights Certificate(s) issued to the U.S. Exempt Shareholder, a covering letter (if provided by the Company), a return envelope addressed to the Agent, and the U.S. Exemption Document;
(e) for each Non-Qualified Shareholder (i) hold the Rights issued to such Non-Qualified Shareholder as more fully set out in Section 5.02 and (ii) forward the Canadian Prospectus and a covering letter (if provided by the Company);

(f) for Qualified Shareholders and U.S. Exempt Shareholders only, record transfers of Rights and cancel Rights Certificates surrendered upon such transfers, provided that no transfer of Rights shall be made where the transferee's address on the transfer instructions is in a Non-Qualified Jurisdiction;

(g) for Qualified Shareholders and U.S. Exempt Shareholders only, accept for exercise Rights along with Subscription Funds and cancel the Rights Certificates presented. Subject to Section 8.01, the Company shall have full discretion to determine whether any type of exercise of Rights has been properly made and the Company has the absolute right to determine whether to accept or reject any category of exercise not in proper form;

(h) for Qualified Shareholders and U.S. Exempt Shareholders only, accept subscriptions for Additional Shares, along with Subscription Funds, pursuant to the exercise of the Additional Subscription Privilege, and allocate the Additional Shares on a pro rata basis;

(i)

in the event that any Common Shares remain available for

subscription on the Expiry Date after the exercise of the Rights and

the Additional Subscription Privilege, advise the Company of the

number of Common Shares which remain available;

(j)

until the Expiry Date, make such entries from time to time in the

register of Rights and register of transfers of Rights as may be

necessary in order that the account of each holder of Rights may be

properly and accurately kept;

{3880-001 \00552718. DOC.}

2.03 2.04
2.05 2.06

5 -

-

(k) supply the Company from time to time as requested in writing with lists of holders of Rights as shown on the register of Rights showing the name and last known address of each holder and the number of Rights held by each holder;
(l) forward certificates representing the Common Shares subscribed for and purchased pursuant to the exercise of Rights, including under the Additional Subscription Privilege, to the relevant subscriber within ten (10) business days after the Expiry Date; and
(m) send to each holder of Rights exercising the Additional Subscription Privilege who remitted funds in excess of their ultimate allocation of Additional Shares, a cheque representing the amount of such excess funds (without interest or deduction).
The Agent may destroy any and all unissued Rights Certificates after the Expiry Date.
All Rights Certificates surrendered to the Agent for cancellation shall be held by it for a period of six (6) years. The Agent shall not be required to hold such certificates after the expiry of such period, and may thereafter destroy such certificates without notice to the Company. The Company agrees to instruct the Agent from time to time as to the earlier disposal, if any, to be made of such Rights Certificates. Any storage expenses incurred for retaining custody of the Rights Certificates and related records in connection with the services hereunder shall be at the sole expense of the Company.
The Company hereby authorizes and directs the Agent to use the CDSX. The Company acknowledges and accepts that the use of CD SX by a CDS participant (in accordance with the provisions of the CDS Participant Rules) shall satisfy the terms of the Rights offering as to the execution and delivery of a Rights Certificate by the CDS participant, without such participant physically completing and surrendering such Rights Certificate.
The Company acknowledges and accepts that [Fondsfinans], and not the Agent, will be responsible for the distribution of rights offering documents (including the Norway Prospectus) to Qualified Shareholders in Norway holding Common Share positions through VPS. The use of VPS by a VPS participant (in accordance with the provisions of the  ) shall satisfy the terms of the Rights offering as to the execution and delivery of a Rights Certificate by the VPS participant, without such participant physically completing and surrending such Rights Certificate [NTD: DLA Piper to revise].
Non-Qualified Shareholders

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

-6-

3.01

The Agent agrees to transfer the Rights of Non-Qualified Shareholders

upon the instructions of such Non-Qualified Shareholders received by the Agent prior to

[tim e] (local time) on [date], provided that such transfer is not made where the

transferee's address on the transfer instructions is in a Non-Qualified Jurisdiction. In

the absence of instructions by such Non-Qualified Shareholders to transfer their Rights

prior to the time specified above, the Agent shall deliver the Rights Certificates

representing the Rights of such Non-Qualified Shareholders to a broker selected by the

Company. Such broker may sell such Rights thereafter and at any times prior to the

Expiry Date at the price or prices it determines in its absolute discretion. The Agent

shall have no responsibility for the sale of such Rights or for the price that may be

obtained in respect of such sale.

3.02

No charge will be imposed to the Non-Qualified Shareholder for Rights

sold by the broker as described in section 3.01 except for brokerage commissions, any

taxes and any other fees or charges incurred or imposed by the broker in respect of

such sales.

3.03

The proceeds received by the broker from the sale of the Rights as

contemplated in Section 3.01 hereof shall be delivered to the Agent for distribution to

the applicable Non-Qualified Shareholders. Such proceeds will be divided pro rata

among the Non-Qualified Shareholders, net of all applicable taxes, brokerage

commissions, and fees or charges, and the Agent shall provide cheques as soon as

practicable to the Non-Qualified Shareholders at their addresses recorded in the

register of Common Shares. The Agent shall not be required to make any such

payment to any Non-Qualified Shareholder in the event the amount owing to such

shareholder is less than $10.00, and such amounts shall be forwarded to the Company.

4.

Tax Matters

4.01

The Company shall be solely responsible for all tax processing relating to

or arising from the duties or actions contemplated by this Agreement, including

evaluation, reporting, remittance, filing, and issuance of tax slips, tax forms, summaries

and reports, except as is specifically delegated to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement

or as may be agreed subsequently, in writing by the parties. The Agent shall process

only such tax matters as have been specifically delegated to it pursuant to this

Agreement or as may be agreed subsequently, and, in so doing, the Agent does not

undertake to carry out any inquiry, evaluation, reporting, remittance, filing or issuance of

tax slips, summaries and reports necessarily incidental thereto, which shall remain the

sole responsibility of the Company. The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon and

assume, without further inquiry or verification, the accuracy and completeness of any

tax processing information, documentation or instructions received by the Agent, directly

or indirectly, from or on behalf of the Company or the shareholder. It is agreed that any

direction must be supplied to the Agent prior to processing any entitlement or filing.

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

7 -

-

5.

Appointment of Custodian

5.01

The Agent is hereby appointed as custodian for the receipt and holding of

the Subscription Funds and the Agent hereby accepts such appointment.

5.02

No Rights Certificates shall be delivered to Non-Qualified Shareholders.

Instead, the Agent is hereby appointed as custodian of all Rights of all Non-Qualified

Shareholders. All such Rights shall be held by the Agent in book position in the name of

the Agent "as agent for" the Non-Qualified Shareholders and dealt with in accordance with

Article 3 hereof.

6.

Delivery of Subscription Funds

6.01

Any Subscription Funds which may be received by the Company directly

from Qualified Shareholders and U.S. Eligible Holders will be promptly delivered or paid

over to the Agent.

6.02

After the later of (a) the Expiry Date; and (b) the calculation and tabulation

by the Agent of all presented subscriptions, the Subscription Funds shall be paid by the

Agent as directed by the Company and Fondsfinans in the form attached hereto as

Schedule "A" such that the Loan Amount will be repaid prior to the Company receiving the

balance of the Subscription Funds. The Corporation agrees that the Subscription Funds

will be reduced by the Subscription Agents' fee and all other expenses in connection with

the Rights Offering.

6.03

Any payment made under Section 6.01 or 6.02 shall be made by wire or

certified cheque or other arrangements as may be agreeable by the Agent.

Notwithstanding the aforementioned, all payments in excess of $25 million must be made

by electronic transfer, rather than by cheques, bank drafts or other, traditional, paper-

based payment items.

7.

Covenants by the Company

7.01

The Company covenants with the Agent that:

(a) the Company shall promptly give notice to the Agent of any and all changes to the terms and conditions of the Rights which the Company may resolve to make from time to time and the Company shall prepare and execute any and all documents required to amend this Agreement pursuant to any such changes made;

(b) the Company shall review and provide written sign-off as to the accuracy of, and its acceptance of, the prorated calculation of the Additional Subscription, if any, prior to the issuing of any Common Shares distributable; and

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

-8-

(c) the Company shall provide to the transfer agent for the Common Shares a treasury direction to the transfer agent for the Common Shares that are required to be issued pursuant to the Rights Offering Circular.

8.

Replacement of Lost R ights Certificates

8.01

In the case of the loss, theft or destruction of any Rights Certificate, the

Company approves the Blanket Lost Instrument Bond Program, including the Waiver of

Probate provision and authorizes the Agent to use such program on the Company's

behalf. Before a replacement certificate shall be issued, the Agent must receive: (a)

evidence satisfactory to the Agent of the loss, theft or destruction of such certificate; and

(b) an indemnity bond satisfactory to the Agent.

9.

Liability and Indemnification

9.01

The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by

the Agent under or in connection with this Agreement, except for losses caused by the

Agent's bad faith, wilful misconduct or gross negligence.

9.02

The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its

affiliates, their current and former directors, officers, employees and agents, from and

against any and all claims, demands, losses, penalties, costs, expenses, fees and

liabilities, including, without limitatibnT legal fees and expenses directly or indirectly

arising out of, in connection with, or in respect of, this Agreement, except where same

results from gross negligence, wilful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Agent

9.03

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and whether such

losses or damages are foreseeable or unforeseeable, the Agent shall not be liable under

any circumstances whatsoever for any (a) breach by any other party of securities law or

other rule of any securities regulatory authority, (b) lost profits or (c) special, indirect,

incidental, consequential, exemplary, aggravated or punitive losses or damages.

9.04

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any liability of the

Agent shall be limited, in the aggregate, to the amount of fees paid by the Company to the

Agent under this Agreement.

9.05

The provisions of this Article 9 shall survive indefinitely, including the

removal of, or resignation by, the Agent and the termination of this Agreement.

9.06

The Agent shall retain the right not to act and shall not be liable for

refusing to act unless it has received clear instructions and/or documentation and

sufficient time to give effect to such instructions and/or documentation. The Agent shall

retain the right not to act and shall not be liable for refusing to act due to a lack of

information or for any other reason whatsoever, the Agent, in its sole judgment,

determines that such act might cause the Agent to be in non-compliance with any

applicable anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist legislation, regulation or guideline.

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

-9-

Further, should the Agent, in its sole judgment, determine at any time that the Agent acting under this Agreement has resulted in the Agent being in non-compliance with any applicable anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist legislation, regulation or guideline, then the Agent shall have the right to resign on 10 days written notice to the Company, provided (a) that the Agent's written notice shall describe the circumstances of such non-compliance; and (b) that if such circumstances are rectified to the Agent's satisfaction within such 10 day period, then such resignation shall not be effective.

10.

Concerning the Agent

10.01

In acting as Agent, the Agent:

(a) may rely upon any instrument, certificate, report, direction, instruction, request, waiver, consent, receipt or other paper or document believed by the Agent to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person(s) and the Agent shall be under no duty to make any investigation or inquiry as to any signature or statement contained therein, but may accept the same as having been properly given and as conclusive evidence of the truth and accuracy of any statements therein contained;

(b) shall be under no obligation to prosecute or defend any action or suit in respect of its agency relationship under this Agreement, but will do so at the Tequest of the Company provided that the Company furnishes indemnity and funding satisfactory to the Agent against any liability, cost or expense which might be incurred; and

(c) shall have no duties or obligations except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

11.

Legal Advice and A p p oin tm e n t of Agents

11.01

The Agent may, at its discretion and as it reasonably requires for the

purpose of discharging its duties or determining its rights hereunder, refer any matter to

the Company, the Company's legal counsel, or the legal counsel for the Agent, for

direction and advice, and may retain consultants, experts, advisors, agents or

agencies, brokers or organizations, including organizations related to the Agent. All

costs and expenses incurred pursuant to this Section shall be at the expense of the

Company. The Agent shall be entitled to act and rely upon, and shall be fully protected

in acting and relying upon, the services and advice provided pursuant to this Section.

12.

Notices

12.01

Any notice or communication to be given by one party to this Agreement to

the other shall be in writing and delivered or sent, by courier, by personal delivery, by first

class insured mail, or by facsimile transmission to the following address:

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

- 10-

If to the Agent:

Computershare Investor Services Inc. 100 University Avenue, 9th floor Toronto, ON M5J 2Y1

Attention: Project Manager, Client Services Facsimile Number: [®]

If to the Company:

Transeuro Energy Corp. 609 Granville Street, Suite #1578 PO Box 10364 Pacific Centre Vancouver, BC V7Y 1G5

Attention: [David W orrall] Facsimile Number: [604-687-3912]
or to such other address as the party to whom such notice or communication is to be given shall have last designated to the party giving the same in the manner specified in this Section 12.01. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given and received by the addressee: (a) if sent by courier or personal delivery, upon actual delivery; (b) if sent by mail, five (5) business days after posting; and (c) if sent by facsimile transmission, upon the same business day if given during the ordinary business hours of the addressee, or the next following business day if given outside of such hours.

13.

Force Majeure

13.01

Except for the payment obligations of the Company contained herein,

neither party shall be liable to the other, or held in breach of this Agreement, if

prevented, hindered, or delayed in the performance or observance of any provision

contained herein by reason of act of God, riots, terrorism, acts of war, epidemics,

governmental action or judicial order, earthquakes, or any other similar causes

(including, but not limited to, mechanical, electronic or communication interruptions,

disruptions or failures). Performance times under this Agreement shall be extended for

a period of time equivalent to the time lost because of any delay that is excusable under

this Section.

14.

Fees and Expenses

14.01

The Company shall pay the Agent for the above-mentioned services and

for all additional services required to fulfill its obligations hereunder or provided in

connection herewith in accordance with Schedule "B" attached hereto, which fees are

subject to revision by the Agent from time to time on thirty (30) days' written notice, and

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

-11 -

shall reimburse the Agent for all costs and expenses. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any tariff or schedule of fees, the Company agrees to pay the Agent such additional compensation, costs and expenses as are agreed between the parties to be warranted by any additional time, effort and/or responsibility incurred or expended by the Agent in order to comply with any laws it may be subject to as Agent hereunder, including without limitation, unclaimed property legislation.

14.02

The Company shall pay the Agent the fees and expenses within thirty (30)

days of the date of the Agent's invoice. The Company acknowledges that late payment

may be subject to interest charges as indicated on the invoice. All amounts so payable

and the interest thereon will be payable out of any assets in the possession of the Agent

in priority to amounts owing to any other persons.

14.03

The Company agrees that the fees of the Agent are confidential

information. As such, the Company agrees not to disclose such fees to a third party

without the Agent's prior written consent, save and except for disclosure (a) to the

Company's professional advisors, held to strict confidence and (b) as required or

otherwise compelled by law.

14.04

In the event the Company defaults in its payment obligations to the Agent

hereunder, the Agent shall have the right, commencing thirty (30) days following written

notification to the Company of such default and unless such default has been remedied,

to immediately suspend service or terminate this Agreement, subject to the Agent's

rights and recourses under this Agreement or applicable law.

15.

General

15.01

It is understood and agreed that any benefits accruing to the holders of

Rights at any time are held by each and every holder as against the Company alone. In

all respects, subject to Section 5.02 hereof, the Agent shall act as agent of the Company in

the execution of duties assumed hereunder.

15.02

Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement.

15.03

This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties

hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

15.04

This Agreement shall be constructed in accordance with the laws of the

Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. Each

party accedes and submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British

Columbia and all courts of appeal therefrom.

15.05

The insertion of headings and the division of this Agreement into

Articles, Sections, Subsections and Schedules are not to be considered part of this

Agreement and are included solely for convenience of reference and are not intended to

be full or accurate descriptions of the contents hereof.

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

- 12-

15.06

This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts and evidenced

by a facsimile copy of an original execution page bearing the signature of each party,

each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and such

counterparts or facsimile copies thereof together shall comprise one and the same

instrument and, notwithstanding their date of execution, shall be deemed to bear the

date as of the date first above written.

15.07

This Agreement shall not be assigned by either of the parties hereto

without the prior written consent of the other

15.08

The Agent will disburse monies according to this Agreement only to the

extent that monies have been deposited with it. In no event shall the Agent expend or

risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of its duties or

in the exercise of any of its rights or powers hereunder.

15.09

All dollar references in this Agreement are in Canadian dollars.

15.10

This Agreement and the schedule(s) attached hereto constitute the entire

agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes

all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and

discussions, whether oral or written, of the parties and there are no warranties,

representations or other agreements between the parties in connection with the subject

matter hereof, except as specifically set forth herein. No amendment, supplement,

modification, waiver or termination o f this"Agreement' shall be binding unless executed

in writing by the party to be bound thereby.

15.11

The Company hereby represents that any account to be opened by the

Agent, and any money, securities or other assets to be held by the Agent, in connection

with this Agreement, for or to the credit of the Company, are not intended to be used by

or on behalf of any party other than the Company.

15.12 versa.

Words importing the singular number only shall include the plural and vice

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

- 13-

15.13

The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement as well

as all other documents relating hereto, including notices, have been and shall be drawn

up in English. Les parties aux presentes confirment leur consentement a ce que cette

convention de meme que tous les documents, ainsi que tout avis s'y rattachant, soient

rediges en anglais.

IN W ITNESS W HEREO F the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
TRANSEURO ENERGY CORP.

Per: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I have the authority to bind the Company
COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES INC.

Per: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I have the authority to bind the Company

Per: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I have the authority to bind the Company

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.}

SCHEDULED"
JOINT DIRECTION TO PAY
TO: Computershare Trust Company of Canada
RE: Proceeds of Rights Offering
Reference is made to to the rights agency and custodial agreement dated ®, 2011 (the "Rights A gency and Custodial A greem ent ") between Computershare Trust Company of Canada and Transeuro Energy Corp. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined take the meaning given to it in the Rights Agenc and Custodial Agreement.
In accordance with section 6.02 of the Rights Agency and Custodial Agreement, you are hereby irrevocably authorized and directed to pay:
1. the amount of $®, being the Loan Amount plus interest accrued in accordance with the Note Agreement, by wire transfer to [NTD: insert name o f Norw ay Trustee] as follows:

2. as to the balance, by wire transfer to the Company as follows:

and for so doing this Direction shall be your good, sufficient and irrevocable authority. DA TED effective th e ____ day o f_______________ , 2011.

TRANSEURO ENERGY CORP.

FONDSFINANS ASA

Per:

Per:

{3880-001\00552718.DOC.2}

SCHEDULE"B"
{3880-001\00552718.DOC.2}

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Transeuro Energy Corp. Secured Callable Note Issue 2011 - ISIN 001 062270.7
We refer to the Note Agreement for the above mentioned Note Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Note Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Note Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Transeuro Energy Corp.

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation\

{3880-001\00558281.DOCX,4}

37

Attachment

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Transeuro Energy Corp. Secured Callable Note Issue 2011 - ISIN 001 062270.7
We refer to the Note Agreement for the above mentioned Note Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Note Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Note Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Note Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Note Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Transeuro Energy Corp.

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

{3880-00 1100558281.DOCX.4}

38

