ISIN NO 001 0446503
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Discover Petroleum AS (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 11.00 per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

7

3 Listing

8

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

8

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

8

6 Conditions Precedent

9

7 Representations and Warranties

10

8 Status of the Loan

12

9 Interest

12

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call and Put Options, amortization

13

11 Interest in the event of late payment

14

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

15

13 Covenants

15

14 Fees and expenses, taxes

17

15 Events of Default

17

16 Authority of the Bondholders'meeting and the Loan Trustee

20

17 Procedural rules

21

18 Repeated Bondholders'meeting

24

19 Change of Loan Trustee

24

20 Limitation

24

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

22

22 Eligible purchaser and transfer restrictions

25

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 9 July 2008 between Discover Petroleum AS (Norwegian Company No 987 581 883) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
· The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' subscription been granted authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and maybe obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1

Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

2009 Refund

means such refund or refunds from the relevant tax authorities of 78 per cent, (or such other applicable tax rate under the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act) of direct and indirect exploration costs incurred by the Borrower from 1 January 2008 until 31 December 2008 and eligible for tax refund in accordance with the Petroleum Tax Act in force at any time;

2010 Refund 2011 Refund

means such refund or refunds from the relevant tax authorities o f 78 per cent, (or such other applicable tax rate under the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act) o f direct and indirect exploration costs incurred by the Borrower from 1 January 2009 until 31 December 2009 and eligible for tax refund in accordance with the Petroleum Tax Act in force at any time; means such refund or refunds from the relevant tax authorities of 78 per cent, (or such other applicable tax rate under the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act) of direct and indirect exploration costs incurred by the Borrower from 1 January 2010 until 31 December 2010 and eligible for tax refund in accordance with the Petroleum Tax Act in force at any time;

3

2012 Refund
Banking Day: Banks: Bank Facilities:
Bondholders: Bonds: Borrower's Bonds: Call Option: Change of Control Event:
Disbursement Date: Escrow Account:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
means such refund or refunds from the relevant tax authorities of 78 per cent, (or such other applicable tax rate under the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act) of direct and indirect exploration costs incurred by the Borrower from 1 January 2011 until 31 December 2011 and eligible for tax refund in accordance with the Petroleum Tax Act in force at any time;
a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
Sparebank 1 SR-Bank and Sparebank 1 Nord-Norge, as the original lenders and original guarantee banks under the Bank Facilities.
A NOK 600,000,000 exploration financing and guarantee facility agreement entered into or to be entered into between the Borrower and the Banks (as amended and expanded from time to time), and a NOK 50,000,000 term loan agreement entered into between the Borrower and the Banks. The Bank Facilities may be increased beyond the amounts mentioned above, provided that the cash amount utilized under the exploration financing and guarantee facility agreement shall not at any time exceed, in aggregate, 90% of the Refunds.
the holders of the Bonds.
bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.
Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower (subject always to the provisions of Clause 12.1).
the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.
means that a shareholder or a group of closely associated shareholders or companies pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act § 2-5, obtains (including by way of purchase, merger etc.) direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50 - fifty - per cent of the share capital of the Borrower.
11 July 2008.
bank account(s) in the name o f the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on
4

Norsk TIHItsmanri ASA

Event of Default: Exchange: Finance Documents:
Financial Indebtedness:

behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the bank account has waived any set-off or other security rights.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the Fee Agreement as defined in Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any o f the other documents referred to in this definition.
means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a)moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar
instrument; (c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire
purchase contract which would, in accordance with Norwegian GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; (d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis); (e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP; (t) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset; (g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall he taken into account); (h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale or purchase agreement); (i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Group: Intercreditor Agreement
Licenses: Licences Pledge:
Loan Loan Security: Maturity Date: Material Subsidiary:
Outstanding Loan: Payment Date:

letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and (j) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in(a) through (i) above.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).
means the intercreditor agreement made between the Borrower, SpareBank 1 SR-Bank as agent on behalf of the finance parties under each of the Bank Facilities, and the Loan Trustee, acting on behalf of the Bondholders.
all the participating interests/exploration licenses at any given time held by the Borrower.
first priority pledge over each of the Licenses held by the Borrower at any given time and including those set out in Schedule 1, each in the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses), in favour of the Loan trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (subject always to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Borrower may establish a second priority pledge in the Licences as security for its obligations under the Bank Facilities).
has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1.
(i) the Escrow Account, (ii) the Licences Pledge and the (iii) Tax Refund Claim Pledge,
11 July 2012.
means any subsidiary whose turnover, gross assets or net assets represents at least 5 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or net assets of the Group (as the case may be), always provided that subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % o f the consolidated turnover, gross assets or net assets o f the Group (as the case maybe).
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If a Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Refunds

means such refund or refunds from the relevant tax authorities of the 78 per cent, or such other applicable tax rate under the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act in respect of the direct and indirect costs incurred by the Borrower from 1 January, 2007 and eligible for tax refund in accordance with the Petroleum Tax Act in force at any time, and which have not been refunded, or are not capitalised for tax purposes by the Borrower, however always limited to the tax account's deficit (in Norwegian: "skattemessig underskudd").

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Tax Refund Claim Pledge:

second priority pledge over the Refunds at any time, in the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses), in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), with priority after the first priority pledge over the Refunds (granted by the Borrower as security for the Bank Facilities).

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds at a maximum amount of USD 25,000,000 (US dollars twenty-five million), herein referred to as the "Loan". The Loan will comprise of two tranches, the first tranch will be in the amount of USD 20,000,000 (US dollars twenty million), issued on the Disbursement Date, and the second tranch will be in the amount of up to USD 5,000,000 (US five million), issued by 30 September 2008 at the latest.
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "11.00% per cent Discover Petroleum AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2008/2012".
The international security identification number (ISIN) of the Loan/Bonds will be NO 001 0446503.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for financing of the Borrower's costs incurred in the exploration for petroleum resources on the Norwegian continental shelf and financing of petroleum activities under the petroleum production licenses.

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ÅSA
2.2 Both tranches under the Loan will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Loan applies for both tranches.
The Loan Trustee will on the issuing of the second tranches make an addendum to the Loan Agreement regulating the conditions precedent to disbursement of the tranch.
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) at the discretion of the Borrower.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act o f2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration maybe executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall, pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations, monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out duties assigned to the Loan Trustee under
the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge o f such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obliged to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence o f the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the first tranch o f the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement and Intercreditor Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate authorities and resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power o f attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals authorising the execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) o f the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, inter alia confirmation from the manager of the Loan that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation of the representations and warranties from the Borrower set out in Clause 7.1,
(i) the Fee Agreement duly executed,
(j) evidence establishing the creation of the Escrow Account,
(k) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(l) evidence for the creation of the Loan Security (and any insurance for the Loan Security), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, and
(m) with respect to monies being held in the Pledged Account (as such term is defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), evidence that the Borrower has instructed the Agent (as such term is defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) to transfer all released amounts to the Escrow Account,
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the first tranch of the Loan will be made available to the Borrower on the Disbursement Date.
6.3 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
6.4 The Borrower may issue the second tranch, c.f. Clause 2.2, provided that (i) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such tranch, (ii) the documents earlier received by the Loan Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, (iii) the representations and warranties contained in this Loan Agreement being true and correct and repeated by the Borrower, and (iv) that tranch is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time of the issue.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) it is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Boirower has the power, capacity and authority to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage, save for the registration of the Licenses Pledge in the Petroleum Register and payment of registration fees as a consequence thereof, and the notification of the relevant authority and bank of the Tax Refund Claim Pledge and Escrow Account, respectively;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower o f the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination o f the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required by the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required by the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no Financial Indebtedness has been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement save for the first priority security over the Refunds and the second priority security over the current Licenses, both granted by the Borrower as security for the Bank Facilities; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of it relying upon the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to the Disbursement Date, during and after the term of the Loan.
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank ahead of all other existing and future Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower other than the Bank Facilities and obligations mandatorily preferred by law (for the avoidance of doubt, unsecured claims under the Bank Facilities shall rank pari passu with unsecured claims under the Loan, and all other Financial Indebtedness shall be subordinated in all means).
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Secmity.
8.3. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, if any increase of the commitments under the Bank Facilities takes place (subject always to Clause 13.2(K)), the Loan Trustee shall take all reasonable required action in order to ensure that the first priority pledge over the Refunds granted in favour of the Banks shall be extended to secure such increased commitments, including but not limited to, interest, costs and expenses relating thereto, on a first priority basis.
8.4 If any asset secured by the Licences Pledge is sold or in any other way disposed of (save for disposals set out in Clause 8.5 below) during the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall either replace the relevant asset with a similar asset with similar security within six months, or transfer the net proceeds from such asset disposal to the Escrow Account until such replacement is made. The Borrower may also use such proceeds to redeem part of the Loan or the entire Loan pursuant to the Call Option set out in Clause 10,2.
8.5 Any asset, or interest in an asset, secured by the Licenses Pledge which the Borrower intends to dispose of by way of farm-out (or similar) arrangement, surrender or withdrawal may only be disposed of by the Borrower with the prior written consent of the Loan Trustee, such consent not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld. The Loan Trustee undertakes, upon consenting to such disposal, to execute all documents and do all things which are reasonably necessary to release and deregister any first priority pledge over the Borrower's License of which the Borrower wishes to dispose of (the Loan Trustee may seek external advice (at the Borrower's expense) in this respect).
8.6 Any and all Licences acquired through merger or acquisition, or in the course of ordinary license rounds or APAs shall, subject to the receipt of necessary approvals, without delay be pledged by the Borrower as security for the Loan (including interest and expenses) on first priority in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), each such pledge being in the Loan amount (plus interest and expenses).
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 11.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrear on 11 January, 11 April, 11 July and 11 October each year, the first interest Payment Date being 11 October 2008.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless
12

Norsk Tillltsmium ASA
a) the last day o f the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the period is a day other than the 30thor 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
b) the last day o f the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call and Put Options, amortization
10.1 The Loan will amortise in accordance with Clause 10.4 but otherwise shall run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan at any time during the term of the Loan at 100% of par plus accrued interest (the "Call Option").
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Securities Depository).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
If the Borrower redeems the entire Loan as described above, the remaining monies in the Escrow Account may be used as partial payment for such redemption.
10.3 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to repayment (the "Put Option") of the bonds at a price o f 101 % of par plus accrued interest.
The Put Option must be exercised within two calendar months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (h).
The Put Option may be exercised by the respective Bondholder giving written notice of its intention to require repayment to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") o f a Bondholder's election to require early repayment. Settlement shall be made within fifteen - 1 5 - Banking Days from the date on which the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.4 Always subject to i) the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, and ii) all the obligations o f the Borrower under the Bank Facilities having been met, any Refunds refunded to the Borrower during the term of the Loan shall immediately when available be used for repayment of the Loan at par (100%) plus accrued interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amortization shall be paid by 31 December for each respective year (for the preceding calendar year) and in any event (regardless of the actual 2009 Refund, 2010 Refund or 2011 Refund) shall always be at least:
\
13

Norsk Timtsmann ASA
(i) NOK 15,000,000 due 31 December 2009; (ii) an additional NOK 20,000,000 due 31 December 2010; and (iii) an additional NOK 25,000,000 due 31 December 2011; (each a "Minimum Amortization Amount").
For the avoidance of doubt, after the Borrower has repaid to the Banks all monies relating exclusively to the 2009 Refund, 2010 Refund, 2011 Refund or 2012 Refund respectively then to the extent the remaining Refund amounts for each year (the "Excess") is greater than the Minimum Amortization Amount set out above for such year then the Excess shall be the Minimum Amortization Amount for that year payable by the Borrower. Failure by the Borrower to carry out its obligations under this clause 10.4 shall be an Event of Default. Amortization of the Loan must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Securities Depository).
10.5 Upon the occurrence of any future exercise of any current or future outstanding warrants, the Borrower undertakes to use any net proceeds to redeem the Bonds at par value, to the extent permissible under Norwegian Law. Such redemption shall be on a pro rata basis according to the guidelines of the security depositary.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4,

14

V-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be permitted to exercise the voting rights conferred upon such Bonds.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default o f the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) produce annual and quarterly reports, and of its own accord make the reports available on the Borrower's website (or alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, no later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications relating to the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation o f the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13,
(h) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) of a Change of Control Event.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not;
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) procure that any and all Licenses acquired by the Borrower after the Disbursement Date are pledged in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in accordance with Clause 8.6,
(d) procure that minimum 75% of the net proceeds o f the Loan shall be used for direct and indirect exploration costs eligible for tax refund in accordance with the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act,
(e) not pay or declare any dividend, reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect, i.a. total return swap) or declare or make any other distribution to its shareholders without the prior written consent of the Loan Trustee,
(f) procure that the Loan ranks ahead of all other existing and firture Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower, except for the Bank Facility as set out in Clause 8.1.
(g) not, to the extent such arrangements are not permitted under this Loan Agreement, make any arrangements which may jeopardize or impair the Loan Security,
(h) other than the second priority security established over the Licenses pursuant to the Bank Facilities, not permit any equal or senior security in the Loan Security, except as set out in this Loan Agreement,
(i) not, permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, is not satisfactory to the Bondholders right under the Loan Agreement;
(j) not permit any member o f the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms, that are no more favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time; and
(k) limit at all times its drawdowns under the exploration financing and guarantee facility with the Banks to 90% of each of the 2009 Refund, 2010 Refund, 2011 Refund and 2012 Refund.
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14 Fees and expenses, taxes
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee (the "Fee Agreement").
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement and other Finance Documents (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository (or the paying agent).
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
Any payable withholding tax that might be due shall be paid and arranged in full by the Borrower without deduction on payments, unless the Borrower is required by law to make such a payment subject to the deduction or withholding o f such taxes, in which case the sum payable by the Borrower (in respect of which such deduction or withholding is required to be made) shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a sum net of any deduction or withholding equal to the sum which it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made or required to be made.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between Hie Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may, subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under any Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) in addition to the provisions of Clause 10.4, if, for the Borrower or a Material Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, provided, however, that such failures or events shall not include failures or events which are remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after the payment date or occurrence of event;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) i f at the end of its term or within a reasonable time thereafter the exploration financing and guarantee facility agreement with the Banks is not: (i) renewed or extended by the Banks, or (ii) refinanced or replaced on terms materially consistent with the terms of the exploration financing and guarantee facility and satisfactory to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders),
(e) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason o f actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to he made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made;
(g) the Borrower fails to register any Licenses Pledge in the Petroleum Register or pay any related registration fees, or fails to notify any relevant authority or bank in respect of the Tax Refund Claim Pledge or Escrow Account respectively.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration o f default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.

19

V

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15,3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of its own accord recover bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
15.6 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Clause 15, it shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement if, at any time, any member of the Group is unable to or fails to meet its payment obligations and consequently is in default (as such term is defined in the relevant Joint Operating Agreement) under a Joint Operating Agreement relating to a particular Licence (the "Licence in Default"), provided, however, that such failures shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the payment date or occurrence of event. In the event that the Loan Trustee declares an Event of Default under the provisions of this Clause 15.6, the Loan Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) shall, subject to applicable law and to any relevant authority, be able to exercise all the rights o f the Bondholders pertaining to the Licences Pledge, including the right to force a sale of the Licence in Default and for the avoidance of doubt, and subject to applicable law, the proceeds from any such forced sale shall be deemed to be part of the security granted by the Borrower to the Bondholders under the Licences Pledge.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting,
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change o f the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises o f the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
22

Norsk Tillitsmanii ASA
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership o f the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are o f significant importance for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.8 a) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests o f the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in tune pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18,1979 nr. 18.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASÅ
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning o f Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption horn registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Oslo, July 9th2008

Discover Petroleum AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
25

List of Licenses

License

Participating interest expressed as a percentage

1 PL 396 2 PL 446 3 PL 449 4 PL 469 5 PL 481 6 PL 483S 7 PL 491

10.0% 20.0% 30.0% 22.5% 50.0% 30.0% 30.0%

Norsk Tillitsmnnu ASA
Schedule 1

26

