ISINNO 001 056690.4
BOND AGREEMENT between
STX Europe AS (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
14.00 per cent STX Europe AS Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue
2 0 1 0 /2 0 1 2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition o f Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk THIilrmnnn ASA
3 8 9 10 10 10 12 14 14 15 16 17 17 21 22 25 27 30

Norsli Till!(smarm ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 24 March 2010 between
(1) STX Europe AS (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 986 751 408 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agr eement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on tire Issuer.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP, as set out in the then most resent audited consolidated financial statements (or, if no audited consolidated financial statements are prepared, then reference shall be made to unaudited consolidated financial statements (if any) or on the basis of pro forma consolidated financial statements) of the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.

3

cr

a

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Cali O ption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"C ash" means the aggregate book value on a consolidated basis of the ( Troup's holdings o f any (i) cash in hand, (ii) credit balances on any deposit, savings or current account with a bank in the OECD area, (iii) debt securities issued by or guaranteed by a government/state or financial institution incorporated in the OECD area, being freely tradable and not being convertible into any other form of security and (iv) commercial paper with a maturity of less than 12 months issued by or guaranteed by a company incorporated in the OECD area and with a minimum rating on the commercial paper of A from S&P or A2 from Moody's.
"Change of Control" means if any person or group, as defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3, except for STX Norway AS which holds 100% o f the shares at the time of Issue Date or other STX Business Group controlled company, becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% o f the outstanding shares of the Issuer.
"Construction Financing" means (i) loans drawn, net of unused cash from such drawing, related to the construction, conversion and/or repair contracts, (ii) guarantees and letters of credit in favor of sub contractors issued by a financial institution on behalf o f any member of the Group, (iii) performance guarantees and advance payment guarantees issued by a financial institution on behalf of any member of the Group related to construction, conversion and/or repair contracts, and (iv) performance guarantees and advance payment guarantees issued by any member of the Group related to construction, conversion and/or repair contracts.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VA T, court lees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Equity Usitio" means the ratio of Book Equity to Gross Interest Bearing Debt.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
4

Norsk Tillilsmmin ASA

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer refeired to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect o f any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis;

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition o f that

asset;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mavk-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the halance

sheet or not (including any forward sale o f purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter o f credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of tire items refeired to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Fixed Rate" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.1.

"GA A P" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Gearing Ratio" means the ratio o f Gross Interest Bearing Debt to Total Working Capital.

5

Norsk TIIIKsmann ASA

"Gross Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate book value on consolidated basis of the Group's gross interest bearing debt (for the purpose of this provision, any zero coupon loan shall also be deemed as interest bearing) in accordance with GAAP less loans drawn under Construction Financing plus non-interest bearing debt which is not a natural part of the Group's working capital,
"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.
"Interest Payment Date" means 26 March and 26 September each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN " means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 26 Match 2010.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Manager" means the managers for the Bond Issue.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of tliis Bond Agreement.
"Material Subsidiary" means
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated assets o f the Group; or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated net sales of the Group; or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all o f the assets o f another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of tire Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % o f the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"Maturity Date" means 26 March 2012 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.

6

<?

Q-

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.2.1.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds, currently DnB NOR Bank ASA, company, no. 984 851 006.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Reporting Date" means the date falling 60 days after each Quarter Date.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17,4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving from time to time any security interest over any Security Interest relating to this Bond Agreement (to the extent applicable).
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Issuer under this Bond Agreement
"STX Business Group" means STX Corporation Co., Ltd., S IX Shipbuilding & Offshore Co., Ltd., STX Engine Co., Ltd. Or any of their Subsidiaries or affiliated companies.
"Subsidiary" means any entity being a subsidiary of the Issuer within the meaning of Section 1-3 of the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act o f 13 June 1997 no. 43.

7

a/

Q-

Norsk Tillltsraann ASA

"Tap Issue" means subsequent issues of Bonds after the Issue Date, up to the Maximum Issue Amount.
"Total W orking Capital" means in respect of the Group on a consolidated basis, short-term non-interest bearing assets less (i) short-term non-interest bearing debt and (ii) loans drawn under Construction Financing plus Cash.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" or "decisive influence" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer o f Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as the initial Bondholders in the subscription agreements granted authority to the Bond Tmstee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

8

Norsk Tillilsnmnn ASA

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a scries of Bonds in the total aggregate amount of NOK 500,000,000 (the Maximum Issue Amount). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount oi'NOK 250,000,000.

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as " 14.00 per cent STX Europe AS Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2012".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 056690.4.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.2.2

The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under wliich subsequent issues may take place after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.
All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations o f all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing o f additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds o f the Bonds shall be employed for general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Bars.
3.2 Prior to listing, the Issuer shall obtain a confirmation from the Oslo Stock Exchange or the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority that the prospectus prepared in connection with the listing o f the Bonds has been approved under the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC).

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full. No market-maker agreement has been entered into with respect to the Bonds.

9

Norsk TIIHtsmann ASA

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions o f the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Transfer restrictions

5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.1, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.1.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.2.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or

10 a

Norsk Tlllilsiuann ASA
similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association o f the Issuer;
(e) the last Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to tlie extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if requited);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed; and
(k) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Bond Issue will be made available to the Issuer at the Issue Date.
6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.4 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, require further statements from the Issuer or a legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue.
6.5 1lisbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Issuer is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent arc fulfilled.
6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.6, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue available to the Issuer
6.7 The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount of the aggregate o f (x) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (y) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the Maximum Issue Amount, (ii) no Event o f Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement being true and
11
o

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time o f such issue.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a Party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a Party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o f Default No Event o f Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(/) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
12

C/
Q-

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports o f the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date o f the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since die dale o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position since the date of such documents which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circiunstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered) to the extent the absence of the same would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it is obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

CY

13

(N

Norsk Tillilsninnn ASA

(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a Party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement ifom the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement o f the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds are unsecured.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the faee value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate o f 14.00 per cent per annum (the "Fixed R ate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 26 September 2010.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Dale.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that (a) the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made shall be divided by 360 and (b) the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).
14

(Y
o-

Norsk Tillilsimmn ASA

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Fixed Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2011 at 112 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(ii) any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in March 2011 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 107 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures o f the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

I0.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put O ption") of its Bonds at a price o f 100 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within one month after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control has taken place

15

O

Norsk TillitsmanD ASA

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen -- 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank accounL nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once tire amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable inNOK.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the Fixed Rate plus 5.00 percentage points,.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

16



o,

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

11,4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf, Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Tiustee may instruct tire Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer has tire right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless tire Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand has or may lead to an Event o f Default (including circumstances mentioned in paragraph (c) (iv) of Clause 15.1);
(h) without being requested to do so, after becoming aware of its occurrence, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which has or may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

Cf
17
a

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 100 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end o f the relevant quarter);

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.2.4 The Issuer shall calculate the financial covenants set out in Clause 13.5 (b) to (d) below on each Quarter Date and report the same within each Reporting Date.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

18

6/

0-

Norsk TillKsmann ASA
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, cany out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would lead to a material adverse change in the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not lead to a material adverse change in the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Bond Agreement.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would lead to a material adverse change in the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not lead to a material adverse change in the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Bond Agreement.
(d) Continuation o f business
(i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Issuer and any Material Subsidiary from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Group shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets (including disposal or dilution of any substantial part o f its shares or ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries) or the Group's operations, unless
(i) such transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not lead to a material adverse change in the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Bond Agreement.
(f) Financial assistance The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Group shall, grant any loans, guarantes or other financial assistance to any third party not being a member o f the Group, except for guarantees and/or loans and/or financial assistance issued in the ordinary course of business. The issue o f guarantees or other security in respect o f liabilities or obligations o f any member of the Group shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not be restricted hereunder.

19

(/

0-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third parly.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 o f the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Group shall, change its type o f organization or jurisdiction o f organization.
(d) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, carefi.il and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(e) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon (i) becoming aware of the same in case o f (a) below and (ii) after having received a request from the Bond Trustee in case o f (b) below, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or could reasonable be expected to be started by or against any Group Company; and
(b) other events which have occurred or could reasonable be expected to occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.5 Preservation o f equity and Financial Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not within a calendar year, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares, grant loans or make other capital distributions to its

20

Cf

a-

Norsk Tillilsmnnn ASA
shareholders (included but not limited to Total Return Swaps involving the Issuer's shares). Notwithstanding the limitations above, repayment of shareholder loan(s) that have been entered into prior to the Issue Date may occur if similar loans and/or cash funds are made available to the Issuer from other financial sources (i.e. cash neutral). Furthermore, if the shareholders make available loa ns to the Issuer after the Issue Date then such new loans may be repaid to the shareholders during the term of the Bonds.
(b) Equity Ratio The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basis for the Group, maintain an Equity Ratio of more than 1.25.
(c) Minimum free cash The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basis for the Group, maintain unencumbered (not specifically restricted in escrow accounts) Cash o f minimum NOK 250,000,000 at all times.
(d) Gearing Ratio The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basis for the Group, maintain a Gearing Ratio of less than 1.0.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

21

Cf

a

Norsk Tillitsninnn ASA

IS

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any o f the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 -- five Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer or any Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless such failure is capable of remedy and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default For the Issuer or any Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 50 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary
(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perforin its payment obligations hereunder; or

22 O

Norsk Tillilsnumn ASA
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any of its assets.
(f) Creditors'process The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets (each an "action"), unless such action is cither frivolous or vexatious with no reasonable prospect of success and which is contested in good faith by the relevant Group Company.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Issuer or any Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company (each an "action") which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect unless such action is either frivolous or vexatious with no reasonable prospect of success and which is contested in good faith by the relevant Group Company.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series o f events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) Repudiation The Issuer or a Subsidiary repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, find all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
23

Norsk Tillitsmiuin ASA
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take eveiy measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee cau request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Prepayment situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2 (Call Option).
15.5 The Bond Trustee shall have the exclusive right, except as provided in Clause 15.5(a) below, to bring any action or proceeding under or in connection with this Bond Agreement (whether on behalf o f (lie Bondholders or otherwise).
(a) If, pursuant to legislation, regulations, rules, procedure or the law in tire relevant jurisdiction, the Bond Trustee does not have standing to bring an action or proceeding under or in connection with this Bond Agreement before the courts of such jurisdiction (or, if it may not have such standing, then with the consent of the Bond Trustee), each Bondholder shall be entitled to take all such action against the Issuer as it may determine to enforce its rights under the Bonds and the Bond Agreement, subject to first following the procedures set out in Clause 15.5(b) below.
(b) Before bringing a claim pursuant to Clause 15.5 (a) above, the Bond Trustee shall have declared the Outstanding Bonds due for immediate payment in accordance with Clause 15.2 and a Bondholder shall notify the Bond Trustee of its intention to bring such claim and shall request the Bond Trustee to convene a Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee shall promptly convene such meeting for the purpose o f determining whether Bondholders should take joint enforcement action against the Issuer in respect of the claim, which resolution may be passed by a simple majority. If the meeting resolves to take such action, then any Bondholder wishing to pursue its claim must do so by participating in the joint enforcement action. If no such resolution is passed, their a Bondholder may pursue its claim individually in accordance with Clause 15,5 (a) above.
24 ( J CL-

Norsk Tillitsinann ASA

16

Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Tnistee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten -- Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time o f distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting, The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rales for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise

25

a

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Tmstee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless die Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quotum, at least half (112) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting
16.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Tiustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may lake any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

27

Norsk Tlllilsmann ASA

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not lead to a material adverse change in the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Rond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and tire other Finance Documents.

28

i

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to die terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertalces to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information ncccssaiy to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement,

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is tire holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

29

[/ a

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders ate bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) tliis Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment o f principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from
30
(/ a

N orsk Tilli Isrrmnn ASA
bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation o f any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing the Issuer;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors o f the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, liindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others;
(f) tire Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel lo the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value o f the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;
31

Norsk Tillilsninnn ASA

(c) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and tills Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register,

18.5 A mendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site w%vw.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via die Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Par ty; (b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other Party is kept informed of changes in postal address, c-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts o f Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.
$$*$*
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Issuer

PPoys: it10 : C pq Q

^°

C-t 0 SIX Eugopt
33

l/ o

N orsk T illitsm ann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-xnail: mail@tmstee.no
Dear Sirs, STX Europe AS BOND AGREEMENT 2010/2012 -ISIN 001 056690.4

[date]

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (b), the Equity Ratio is XX The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basisfo r the Group, maintain an Equity Ratio o f more than 1.25x.
4. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (c), the Minimum free cash is XX The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basisfo r the Group, maintain unencumbered (not specifically restricted in escrow accounts) cash o f minimum NOK 250 000 000 al all times.
5. in accordance with Clause 13.5 (d), the Gearing Ratio is XX The Issuer shall, on a consolidated basisfo r the Group maintain, a Gearing Ratio o f less than l.Ox.
Copies o f our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,

34

STX Europe AS
Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

Norsk Tillilsiminn ASA

35

