Execution version
ISM NO 001 062886.0
BOND AGREEMENT between
Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd. ("Issuer") and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA ("Bond Trustee") on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
12 per cent Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016
#3190035/2

[THIS PAGE HAS BEEN LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

#3190053/8

2(48)

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.............................................................................................................4 2. THE BONDS...................................................................................................................... 11 3. LISTING............................................................................................................................. 12 4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER........................................................... 12 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.................................................................... 13 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT............................................................................................ 13 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES................................................................... 16 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................. 18 9. INTEREST..........................................................................................................................20 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.....................................................21 11. PAYMENTS.......................................................................................................................23 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS............................................................................24 13. COVENANTS....................................................................................................................24 14. FEES AND EXPENSES.....................................................................................................32 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT....................................................................................................33 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING...........................................................................................35 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE......................................................................................................38 18. MISCELLANEOUS......................................................................................................... 41

#3190053/8

3(48)

This agreement has been entered into on 16 November 2011 between
(1) Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd. (a company incorporated in Bermuda with Company No. 42361 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Bank" means any of DNB Bank ASA, Banco Itau S.A. (in respect of Odfjell Gestao de Perfurapoes do Brasil LTDA) or ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and such other bank as the Bond Trustee may approve..
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Account Pledges" means the pledges on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) over all the accounts of the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"Additional Security" means all security provided by a Subsidiary in the event that any new Charter Contracts are entered into or novated in accordance with the provisions of Clause 8.2 (Charter Contracts entered into by a Subsidiary or new Charter Contracts entered into Additional Security).
"Assignment of Earnings" means the assignment on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) of all earnings payable to any Obligor or other person (if applicable) and all other rights (to the extent legally possible and permitted by the relevant contract) (including earnings under any Charter Contracts, charters and bare-boat agreements for hire) related to the Vessel, and the relevant Obligor shall give notices and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties (including but not limited to under any Charter Contracts and the Bareboat Charter Contract).
"Assignment of Insurances" means the assignment on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) of any relevant insurances related to the Vessel and the equipment related thereto.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bareboat Charterer" means Deep Sea Holland B.V, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, with company number 01178261.

#3190053/8

4(48)

"Bareboat Charter Contract" means the bareboat charter between the Issuer and Bareboat Charterer for the charter for the Vessel dated 9 November 2011.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), other than (i) Metro Exploration Holding Corp. or any member of their group companies, or Metro Exploration Holding Corp.'s ultimate shareholders, (ii) Odfjell Drilling Ltd or any member of their group companies, (iii) any international reputable drilling operator holding minimum an investment grade rating by a reputable investment grade agency, or (iv) any international reputable company operating in the oil & gas industry holding minimum and investment grade rating by a reputable investment grade agency, in such event the Vessel Manager shall remain manager of the Vessel for the duration of the Bond Issue becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Parent.
"Charterer" means (i) Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- PETROBRAS or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) an international investment grade oil company or (iii) other contract party acceptable to the Bond Trustee, being a charterer of the Vessel under a Charter Contract.
"Charter Contracts" means any charter contracts for the employment of the Vessel, including intragroup charters, the Petrobras Contracts and any future contracts.
"Construction Contract" means the construction contract for the Vessel entered into between the Issuer and the Yard dated 21 May 2008 (as amended from time to time).

#3190053/8

5(48)

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Delivery Date" means the expected delivery date for the Vessel, being 23 November 2011 as per the Construction Contract.
"Delivery Security" means (i) the Mortgage, (ii) the Assignment of Earnings and (iii) the Assignment of Insurances.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Escrow Account" means an accounts) in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds, if applicable.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, (v) the Intercreditor Agreement and (vi) any other document collectively designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;
(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis;
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;

#3190053/8

6(48)

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession

by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of

raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby

or documentaiy letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial

institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against

financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in (a) through (i)

above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Floating Charges" means (i) the floating charge (governed by Bermuda law) on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) over all assets and equipment of the Issuer and (ii) floating charges on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) over all assets and equipment of the Guarantors (to the extent legally possible) governed by the law of their respective j urisdictions.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, IFRS, in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means an irrevocable and unconditional on-demand guarantee from each of the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.

"Guarantor(s)" means Deep Sea Metro Cooperatief U.A., a co-operative with excluded liability (in Dutch: codperatie met uitgesloten aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, with company number 52547523, Odfjell Gestao de Perfurafoes do Brasil

#3190053/8

7(48)

LTDA a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Brazil, with company registration number 13.656.804/0001-95, Deep Sea Metro Holland B.V., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, with company number 01178261, and any entity providing Additional Security pursuant to Clause 8.2 (Charter Contracts entered into by a Subsidiary or new Charter Contracts entered into Additional Security) (to the extent permitted by applicable law).

"IFRS" means simplified IFRS, pursuant to section 3-9 of the Norwegian Accounting Act (No. Regnskapsloven).

"Interest Payment Date" means 17 May and 17 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Interest Reserve Account" means the USD account of the Issuer to be established with ABN AMRO Bank N.V. to which (i) a proportional part of the next interest or coupon under the Bonds shall be transferred monthly, and from which interest expenses and instalments on the Bonds shall be debited, pledged and blocked in favour of the agent of the Senior Credit Facility (on behalf of the finance parties of the Senior Credit Facility) and pledged on second priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into between, inter alia, the Bond Trustee, the Issuer and the agent for the lenders in the Senior Credit Facility and dated on or about the date hereof.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 17 November 2011.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Management Agreement" means the management agreement for the Vessel (as amended from time to time) dated 10 October 2008 entered into between the Issuer and the Vessel Manager and as may be further amended and/or to include any of the Guarantors or other Subsidiaries of Odfjell Drilling Ltd.

"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.

"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means any of the following events occurring: (a) the Vessel is sold or disposed of, (b) the Parent's 100% ownership in the shares or voting rights of the Issuer changes, or (c) there is an actual or constructive total loss of the Vessel (where (c) is a "Total Loss Event").

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial

condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability

to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or

enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.

#3190053/8

8(48)

"M aturity Date" means 28 December 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Mortgage" means the Bermudian mortgage on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) over the Vessel (including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Vessel under Bermudian law), including any deed of covenants collateral thereto (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any equipment installed by the Charterer or any subsequent charterer or equipment rented).

"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantors.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Parent" means Deep Sea Metro Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda with registration no. 42348 being the direct 100% owner of the Issuer.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.

"Petrobras Charter Contract" means the charter dated 01 September 2011 between the Charterer and the Bareboat Charterer for the charter of the Vessel to the Charterer for use in connection with the Petrobras Services Agreement.

"Petrobras Contracts" means the Petrobras Charter Contract and the Petrobras Service Contract combined,

"Petrobras Service Contract" means the service agreement dated 01 September 2011 between the Charterer and Odfjell Gestao de Perfurapoes do Brasil LTDA. for the performance of drilling, evaluation, completion and maintenance of oil and gas wells for Petrobras offshore Brazil.

"Pre-Issue Security" means the Escrow Account Pledge.

"Pre-Utilisation Security" means (i) the Account Pledges, (ii) the Share Pledges, (iii) the Guarantees and (iv) the Floating Charges.

"Project Documents" means (i) the Management Agreements (or any substitution thereof, including as entered into by any Subsidiary), (ii) the Charter Contracts and (iii) the Construction Contract.

"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

#3190053/8

9(48)

"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentaiy.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document including the Pre-Issue Security, the Pre-Utilisation Security, the Delivery Security and the Additional Security (if any).
"Senior Credit Facility" means the first priority credit facility dated 15 November 2011 enter into between, inter alia, the Issuer and DVB Bank America N.V. as agent, that will, inter alia, part finance the delivery installment of the Vessel, amounting to USD 400,000,000.
"Share Pledges" means the second priority pledges or charges over all the shares and/or participation in the Issuer and each of the Guarantors.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Utilisation" means the disbursement(s) from the Escrow Account in connection with the delivery of the Vessel in accordance with Clause 2.3 {Purpose and utilization), scheduled to take place at the Delivery Date.

#3190053/8

10(48)

"Vessel" means the Gusto P I0000 designed drillship named "Deepsea Metro II" with IMO no 9503770 and Hull no H2229.
"Vessel Manager" means Odfjell Drilling AS and any such Subsidiary of Odfjell Drilling Ltd. designated as vessel manager(s) by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
"Yard" means Hyundai Heavy Industries, South Korea.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended

or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to

such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding

decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of

directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether

through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. THE BONDS

2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become

#3190053/8

11(48)

parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.
2.2 The Bonds
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 150,000,000 (U.S. Dollar one hundred and fifty million).
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as " 12 per cent Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd. Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2011/2016".
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 062886.0.
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for the financing of the delivery instalment of the Vessel under the Construction Contract plus for variation orders, and for preparation and mobilization costs and for general corporate purposes.
3. LISTING 3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to
list the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER 4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities
Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

#3190053/8

12(48)

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1 Conditions Precedent for Issue Date

6.1.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents (including the Security Documents);

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for then execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(f)

confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities

Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning

prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessaiy, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h)
#3190053/8

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
13(48)

(i)

written compliance confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);

(j)

the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

(m) the Pre-Issue Security duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests (including relevant acknowledgement from the relevant Account Bank, and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, and

(n) the Project Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement agreed in an acceptable form.

6.1.2 The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d), (e), and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.

6.1.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.1.4 The Bond Trustee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue (pre and post Issue Date).

6.1.5 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in Clause 6.1.1 have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.6 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1 and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.5, the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Conditions Precedent for Utilisation

6.2.1 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised in accordance with the purpose of this Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilisation) and release from the Escrow Account related to the Utilisation is subject to the following:
(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Attachment 3 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Default has occurred, or is likely to occur;

(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3;

(c)
#3190053/8

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the accounts as referred to in the Account Pledges are opened;
14(48)

(d) the Project Documents and Intercreditor Agreement duly executed;

(e) all other Finance Documents (unless delivered under Clause 6.1 or to be delivered under Clause 6.3) are in acceptable form and are executed;

(f)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute the Delivery Security;

(g) the Pre-Utilisation Security duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(h) all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

(i)

confirmation in such form as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably approve, from the

Issuer's insurance broker or such other party as the Bond Trustee shall approve that all

insurances in respect of the Vessel and otherwise having been or being taken out, and,

if requested by the Bond Trustee, an insurance report from an insurance advisor

confirming that the insurances are in accordance with the terms of Clause 13.6(a);

(j)

written confirmation from the agent under the Senior Credit Facility that the Senior

Credit Facility is available for drawdown; and

(k) a written confirmation from a director of the Issuer showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents or as otherwise permitted herein.

6.3 Conditions at delivery The Issuer shall procure the delivery, immediately upon or during the completion of the delivery mechanism in the Construction Contract, of the following documents:
(a) all documentation for the Delivery Security being executed and perfected in accordance with the terms of the documentation for the Delivery Security (save for the acknowledgement from the Charterer under the Assignment of Earnings which is on a best effort basis); and
(b) customaiy documents and certificates related to the delivery of the Vessel, including but not limited to protocol of delivery and similar documents.

6.4 Waivers by the Bond Trustee
6.4.1 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in this Clause 6, including but not limited to accepting delivery post-Utilisation of any Security Documents that cannot be executed and/or perfected until the Vessel has been delivered to the Issuer (such documents to be delivered immediately upon

#3190053/8

15(48)

delivery of the Vessel to the Issuer and in the same closing meeting), in order to meet the payment mechanism set out in the Construction Contract.

7. REPRESENTATIONS ANDWARRANTIES 7.1 Each Obligor represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status

The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessaiy corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto and, to the extent applicable, upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

#3190053/8

16(48)

Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Financial Statements
The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
No misleading information
All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
Environmental compliance
The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would

prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(in) Intellectualproperty
The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Paripassu ranking
The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally and obligations under the Senior Credit Facility.
(p) Encumbrances
No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer/Obligor herein.

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1 Status and ranking

8.1.1 The Bonds shall, with the exception of the Escrow Account Pledge which shall constitute first priority security under this Bond Issue only, be secured by the Security Documents and rank on second priority after the obligations under the Senior Credit Facility (including any hedging agreements related to the Senior Credit Facility) and otherwise rank at least pari

#3190053/8

18(48)

passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and rank ahead of any subordinated capital.
8.1.2 The Issuer shall ensure that the Escrow Account Pledge and the Security Documents are duly executed by the respective parties thereto in favour of the Bond Trustee and that the Escrow Account Pledge and the Security Documents are legally valid and in full force and effect throughout the tenor of the Bonds. The Issuer shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder, including but not limited to keeping the Bondholders' security position hereunder inline with the security interests provided at any time to the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility (including new securities and any release of security) and upon any change of parties to the respective contracts and agreements being assigned or pledged.
8.1.3 This Bond Agreement is entered into subject to the provisions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and with the benefit of the terms in the Intercreditor Agreement.
8.2 Charter Contracts entered into by a Subsidiary or new Charter Contracts entered into Additional Security
8.2.1 hi the event that the Charter Contracts (being either new contracts or novations of existing contracts) for the Vessel is entered into by a subsidiary of the Issuer (a "Group Charterer") or new Charter Contracts are entered into, the Issuer and the Group Charterer shall enter into an intra-group charter contract on arm's length terms and conditions and in a form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, and inter alia the following security (which shall constitute second priority security, after the Senior Credit Facility, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement) shall be provided to the extent not already provided hereunder (the "Additional Security"):
(i) share pledge/charge over all shares in the Group Charterer, together with, inter alia, letters of resignation (effective upon a Default) from current board members and covenants to obtain such from future board members;
(ii) a pledge over the Group Charterer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Group Charterer in the earnings account of the Group Charterer (the "Group Charterer Earnings Account") and the operating account of the Group Charterer (the "Group Charterer Operating Account"), subject to any legal restrictions applicable;
(iii) an on-demand guarantee issued by the Group Charterer ("Additional Guarantee") to the extent permitted by law;
(iv) such other security and on similar terms as provided by the Issuer under the Floating Charge and the Assignment of Earnings , subject to any legal restrictions applicable; as well as

#3190053/8

19(48)

(v) any other security interest requested by the Bond Trustee to be in line with the security interests granted pursuant to the Senior Credit Facility,
it being understood that the Issuer and the Group Charterer in any event shall be obligated to execute and procure the execution of such further security and related documentation as the Bond Trustee may require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the second priority security position envisaged herein, also taking into consideration the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Group Charterer or the governing law of the Charter Contracts and any specific issues related thereto, as well as upon any change of parties to the respective contracts and agreements being assigned or pledged. Notwithstanding the above, the provision of any Additional Security by the Issuer and/or the Subsidiary shall always be in accordance with the requirements of the Senior Credit Facility and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

8.2.2 The Issuer and/or the Group Charterer shall provide legal opinions addressed to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), which shall include, inter alia, confirmations on capacity, validity, perfection and enforceability of such Additional Security (in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee).

9. INTEREST
9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 12 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall he made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 17 May 2012.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Merest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of Februaiy shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Merest Amount

Face Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

#3190053/8

20(48)

.10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer plus accrued and unpaid interest.

10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may the entire Bond Issue (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option):
(a) anytime from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 2 years after the Issue Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:
(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 108 % of the par value; and
(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the interest payment day 2 years after the Issue Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned interest payment day 2 years after the Issue Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;
(b) anytime from and including the interest payment day 2 years after Issue Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 3 years after Issue Date at a price equal to 108 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(c) anytime from and including the interest payment day 3 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 4 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(d) anytime from and including the interest payment day 4 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 103 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.3 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

#3190053/8

21(48)

10.3 Change of Control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101 % of par value (plus accrued interest).

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible and in any event within two (2) Business Days after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen (15) Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the prepayment request pursuant to Clause 10.3.2.

10.3.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date of the Put Option.

10.4 Mandatory Redemption

10.4.1 Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer, a Group Company or the Parent (as the case may be) is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem 100 % of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:
(a) if occurring anytime from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 2 years after the Issue Date at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 108 % of the par value; and

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the interest payment day 2 years after Issue Date,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned interest payment day 2 years after the Issue Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, YPS and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment;

(b)
#3190053/8

if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 2 years after Issue Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 3 years after Issue Date, at a price equal to 108 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
22(48)

(c) if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 3 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the interest payment day 4 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 106 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(d) if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 4 years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 103 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),,
(for the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the redemption is carried out).
10.4.2 Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
10.4.3 If the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.2 {Conditions Precedentfor Utilisation) are not in place within 60 days after the Issue Date, the Bonds shall be repaid at a price equal to 101% of par value plus accrued interest. All proceeds on the Escrow Account may be used for such purpose.
10.4.4 The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption according to this clause 10.4, at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption. On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date of such mandatory redemption.
10.4.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

#3190053/8

23(48)

11.2 Currency

11.2.1 Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-off and counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event of late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 (Interest) plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

12.1.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS
#3190053/8

24(48)

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall
(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its or theVessel Manager's website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 90 days after the end of the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors'

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and

reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial

condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

#3190053/8

25(48)

13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1(d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.2.4 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any new employment contracts for the Vessel, including supplying copies of such contracts to the Bond Trustee.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Paripassu ranking

The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application and any claims under the Senior Credit Facility as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

(b) Security

The Issuer shall maintain, and shall ensure that each Subsidiary maintains, the Security Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt any Additional Security (if applicable)) in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority, at the expense of the Issuer or the relative security provider (as the case may be).

(c) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, cany out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries into two or

#3190053/8

26(48)

more separate companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Continuation o f business

(i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall cease to carry out its business.

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.

(f)

Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall not be entitled to, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(iii) such transaction is not restricted by any other provisions of this Bond Agreement.

The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any transactions as set out above, and upon request provide relevant details thereof.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters (a) Intra-group transactions
All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies
The Issuer shall cause all transactions (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service) between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in aims' length transaction with a third party.

#3190053/8

27(48)

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(c) Ownership to Subsidiaries

The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Guarantors, and shall cause each Guarantor not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.

(d) Corporate status

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor shall, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.

(e) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

(f)

Litigations

The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:

(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and

(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.S Preservation of equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants (a) Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, incur, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Encumbrance over any of the present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:

(i) the Senior Credit Facility;

(ii) the Bond Issue;

(iii) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy;

#3190053/8

(iv) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, any recourse liability incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinaiy course of business
28(48)

to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, tax bonds or similar related to the operation of the Vessel, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Vessel or for any tenders for employment of such units;
(v) any lien arising by operation of law;
(vi) Financial Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of (i) refitting the Vessel for increasing the drilling water depth capability to up to 12,000 feet or (ii) any modifications to Vessel in connection with any future employment contracts for the Vessel, that in total do not exceed USD 15.000,000 for the Group in aggregate; and
(vii) Financial Indebtedness incurred with respect to obligations by the Group (not covered by (i) through (v) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10,000,000 for the Group in aggregate.
(b) Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary will, incur, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Financial Indebtedness, other than:
(i) the Senior Credit Facility, where such facility shall not be amended so that its' amortization structure, including any cash sweep mechanisms, is in any way postponed or delayed, however always provided that any balloon payment scheduled as of Issue Date may be postponed or delayed;
(ii) the Bond Issue;
(iii) a 240 day subordinated loan from the Parent in the maximum amount of USD 27,500,000 to fund mobilization costs for the Vessel;
(iv) any intra-group loans from any member of the Group and between any Guarantors;
(v) under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;
(vi) obligations incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
(vii) any recourse liability incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, tax bonds or similar related to the operation of the Vessel, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Vessel or for any tenders for employment of such units;

#3190053/8

29(48)

(viii) incurred for the purpose of (i) refitting the Vessel for increasing the drilling water depth capability to up to 12,000 feet or (ii) any modifications to Vessel in connection with any future employment contracts for the Vessel, that in total do not exceed USD 15,000,000 for the Group in aggregate; and

(ix) incurred with respect to obligations by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10,000,000 for the Group in aggregate.

(c) Additional investment restrictions

The Issuer shall not make, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary makes, any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to the ownership in, and maintenance and operation of the Vessel.

(d) Financial support restrictions

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaiy shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent) ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any third party (not being a member of the Group), other than any Financial Support made, granted or given (i) in the ordinaiy course of its business and (ii) in relation to what is permitted under (b) (Financial indebtedness restrictions) above.

(e) Shareholder distribution restrictions

The Issuer shall not, during the term of the Bond Issue, declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether hi cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), grant any loans or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders, except for (i) the release of USD 10,000,000 to the Parent upon acceptance under the Petrobras Contracts and (ii) the repayment of the USD 27,500,000 subordinated shareholder's loan as permitted under (b) (Financial indebtedness restrictions) above.

(f)

Interest Reserve Account

On or prior to each monthly charter hire payment under the Petrobras Contracts or any future Charter Contracts, the Issuer shall transfer an amount equal to one sixth (l/6th) of the next interest payment or coupon under the Bonds to the Interest Reserve Account.

13.6 Vessel covenants (a) Insurance

#3190053/8

(i) The Issuer shall maintain or ensure that the Vessel is insured against such risks, including but not limited to, hull and machinery, protection & indemnity (including maximum cover for pollution liability for the highest amount then available in the insurance market for vessels of similar age, size and type as the
30(48)

Vessel), hull interest and/or freight interest and war risk insurances (including acts of terrorism and piracy, blocking and trapping), as per the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan of 1996, version 2010, in such amounts, and with first class insurers. All insurers shall have minimum S&P rating of BBB+, and the P&I Insurer shall be member of an international group of P&I Clubs.
(ii) The hull and machineiy insurance shall be at least equal to hundred and twenty five per cent (125%) of the aggregate of the Bond Issue and the Senior Credit Facility plus the mark-to market exposure under any Swap Agreements from time to time, Further, the aggregate insurable value of the Vessel shall be at least equal to the higher of the Vessel's Market Value and hundred and twenty per cent (120%) of the aggregate of the outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents and the Senior Credit Facility, and the hull and machinery insurance shall at all times cover at least eighty per cent (80%) of the insurable value.
(iii) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as second priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee thereof that the notice of assignment with regards to the insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking are executed by the insurers.
(iv) Within reasonable time prior to the expiry date of the relevant insurances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery to the Bond Trustee of a certificate from the insurance broker(s) through whom the Insurances referred to in a) have been renewed and taken out in respect of the Vessel with insurance values as required by b), that such Insurances are in full force and effect and that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Lenders) has been noted by the relevant insurers.
(v) If any of the insurances referred to in a) have been taken out on conditions other than the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan of 1996, version 2010 (as amended from time to time) and/or form part of a fleet cover, the Issuer shall procure that the insurers shall undertake to the Bond Trustee that they shall neither set-off against any claims in respect of the Vessel any premiums due in respect of other Vessels under such fleet cover or any premiums due for other insurances, nor cancel this insurance for reason of non-payment of premiums for other Vessels under such fleet cover or of premiums for such other insurances, and shall undertake to issue a separate policy in respect of the Vessel if and when so requested by the Bond Trustee.
(vi) The Issuer shall procure that the Vessel always is employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.

#3190053/8

31(48)

(vii) The Issuer will not make any material change to the insurances described under a) and b) above without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.

(viii) The Issuer shall pay for an insurance opinion if commissioned by the Bond Trustee to be prepared by an independent insurance consultant, in form and contents acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) Title

The Issuer will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Vessel and, save for insurances taken out by the Subsidiary (if any), the insurances taken out in respect of the Vessel, free of any and all Encumbrances except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement.

(c) Class, flag, name, registry

The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in Bermuda or other reputable ship registry acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(d) Operations in accordance with laws etc.

The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Vessel is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

(e)

Condition

The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel is kept in a good and safe condition and that all repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.

(j) Intra-group chartering

The Issuer shall ensure that the Vessel is not chartered out to any other person than another Group Company unless Additional Security is provided, or otherwise directly to an end-user.

14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

#3190053/8

32(48)

14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer shall deduct before payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to applicable law.
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment
Any Obligor fails to fulfd any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default
Any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 20,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or

#3190053/8

33(48)

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

(d) Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

If for any Obligor

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,

(f)

Creditors 'process

Any Obligor has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings

Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor.

(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

(i)

Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company or any Obligor which might, if adversely determined,

#3190053/8

34(48)

in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

Material adverse effect

Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.4.1.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
#3190053/8

35(48)

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting
16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.
16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of: (a) the Issuer,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds,
(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or
(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the

#3190053/8

36(48)

Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -

representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The

chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting

decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders

have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who

may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The

Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in

particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings
16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.
16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.
16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.
16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.
16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:
(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

#3190053/8

37(48)

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

· 17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any

#3190053/8

38(48)

Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.
17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

#3190053/8

39(48)

17.2 Liability and indemnity
17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee
17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent
17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.
The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.
Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any

#3190053/8

40(48)

Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders
18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement,
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register,
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement.
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

#3190053/8

41(48)

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);

(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;

(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by a director that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;

(f)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge

(including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its

legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been

complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of

creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable

security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and

(iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so

pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,

reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the

jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile

of the Issuer.

#3190053/8

42(48)

%

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1; (a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13.2, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;
(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.
Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
18.3 Limitation of claims
18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
18.4 Access to information
18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

#3190053/8

43(48)

18.5 Amendments
18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.
18.6 Notices, contact information
18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.
18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;
(b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
The Bond Trustee shall however not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

#3190053/8

44(48)

Issuer
By: Position: Director

Bond Trustee
...^vuOsJL-........

By: Position:

tr . &£UL/W \iT>

By:
Position: Director
pursuant to a power of attorney granted by the Issuer on 16 November 2011

#3190053/8

45(48)

Issuer
By.
Position: Director
(

Bond Trustee
By:
Position:

By:

UevJMUO.

Position: Director
pursuant to a pow er o f attorney granted by the Issuer on 16 N ovem ber 2011

#3190053/8

45(48)

Bond Trustee
By: Position:
By: Position: Director pursuant to a power of attorney granted by the Issuer on 16 November 2011

#3190053/8

45(48)

Attachment 1
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

CHLOE MARINE CORPORATION SECOND LIEN BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2016 - ISIN 001 062886.0
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied.

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd.
Name ofauthorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation

#3190053/8

46(48)

Attachment
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
CHLOE MARINE SECOND LIEN BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2016 - ISIN 001 062886.0 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on \date\ wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully, Chloe Marine Corporation Ltd.
Name ofauthorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds\

#3190053/8

47(48)

#3190053/8

48(48)

