ISIN NO 001 037876.3
LOAN AGREEMENT between
MARACC - Marine Accurate Well ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue 9.00 per cent Marine Accurate Well ASA Callable Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue 2007/2012

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

6

3 Listing

6

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

6

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

7

6 Conditions Precedent

7

7 Representations and Warranties

8

8 Status of the Loan and security

9

9 Interest

10

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Change of Control

10

11 Interest in the event of late payment

12

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

12

13 Conversion terms

12

14 Adjustment of the Conversion Price

13

15 Merger, de-merger and Change of Control

15

16 Covenants

16

17 Fees and expenses

17

18 Events of Default

18

19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

20

20 Procedural rules

22

21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

24

22 Change of Loan Trustee

24

23 Limitation

25

24 Dispute resolution and legal venue

26

25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 9 July 2007 between MARACC - Marine Accurate Well ASA (Norwegian Company No 989 734 229) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to this Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in this Loan Agreement.
This Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that this Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Defmitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Account Manager:

the Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

Banking Day: a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds: Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Change of Control Conversion Period:
Change of Control Conversion Price:

means the thirty (30) calendar days period following the notification of a Change of Control Event (cf. Clause 16.1 (i)).
shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 10.3.

Change of Control Event:

an event where a shareholder of the Borrower or a group of affiliated shareholders, other than Island Offshore V AS (Norwegian Company No 983 188 419) or any other Island Offshore group company, acting jointly in concert, directly or indirectly acquire (including by purchase, merger etc.) the right to cast, at a general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower, more than 50 per cent of the votes that may ordinarily be cast in a general meeting of shareholders of the Borrower.

Change of Control Conversion Date:

means a date being ten (10) Banking Days after a Bondholder has given a notice of conversion if a Change of Control Event has occurred. Conversion Date:
the date falling ten (10) Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause 13.4.

Conversion Period:

the entire term of the Loan, subject to the Conversion Right has been exercised within the Exercise Period.

Conversion Price:

USD 5.80, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15.

Conversion Right:

the right of each Bondholder to convert each Bond at the Conversion Price into (based on the initial Conversion Price) 17,241.38 Shares, subject to Clauses 13, 14 and 15.

Disbursement Date:

31 July 2007.

Event of Default:

means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 18.1.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan and/or the Shares is listed or applied for listing.

Exercise Period:

the period commencing on the Disbursement Date and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the Maturity Date (both days inclusive) during which the Conversion Rights may be exercised.

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Finance Documents:

means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 17.1 and (iii) any other document which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.

Group:

the Borrower and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries.

Interest Payment Date:

9 July and 9 January each year.

Maturity Date:

9 July 2012.

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Paying Agent:

the entity appointed by the Borrower to act on behalf of the Borrower as Securities Depository paying agent and conversion agent.

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day payments should be made the following Banking Day.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Public Companies Act

the Norwegian act of 1997 no. 45 regarding public limited companies.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Shares:

the shares of the Borrower, being at the date of this Loan Agreement 17.640.000 ordinary shares, each fully paid up with a face value of NOK 1, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) of the issued share capital of the Borrower, each individually a "Share".

Vessel:

the semi submersible vessel, of GM4000 design, with all marine equipment properly installed, currently being built by COSCO (Zhoushan) Shipyard Co., Ltd. in China (the "Yard") in accordance with the construction contract entered into on 21 January 2007 between the Borrower and the Yard.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Well Intervention Equipment:

the equipment to be installed on the Vessel as owner furnished equipment, enabling the Vessel to operate as a well intervention vessel, including drilling equipment, topside package and mud module.

2

The Loan

2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of USD 80,000,000 (U.S. Dollar eighty million), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pan passu.
The Loan will be described as "9.00 per cent Marine Accurate Well ASA Callable Subordinated Convertible Bond Issue 2007/2012".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 037876.3.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used to partly finance the construction of the Vessel and the cost of Well Intervention Equipment, including installation of such equipment.

3

Listing

3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Bars or Oslo Bors ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) at the discretion of the Borrower.

4

Registration in a Securities Depository

4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.

4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-à-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under this Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under this Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from this Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under this Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower provided such information is correctly transmitted by the Loan Trustee.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) this Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower,

Norsk Tillitsrnann ASA
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of this Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in the Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 17.1, duly executed, and
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Loan will be made available to the Borrower at Disbursement Date.
6.3 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by it) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order applicable to it; (ii) its articles of association; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with the Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its payment obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally; and
(1) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of this Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life (by reference to the facts and circumstances existing at the date the representation is deemed to be made).

8

Status of the Loan and security

8.1 The Loan and accrued interest shall be subordinated to all senior debt of the Borrower, and rank pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Borrower. The Loan shall rank ahead of share capital.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

8.2 The Loan is unsecured.

9

Interest

9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 9.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made semiannually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first interest Payment Date being in January 2008.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31 St day of a month but the first day of the period is a day other than the 30th or 31 st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Change of Control
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) any time from the Disbursement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in July 2008 at 140 % of par, and
(ii) any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in July 2008 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in January 2009 at 150 % of par.
For the avoidance of doubt, interest accrued but not yet due on a redemption date in respect of a call will not be paid.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than thirty (30) Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this Clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.3 If a Change of Control Event has occurred, each Bondholder shall at any time in the Change of Control Conversion Period have the option to (at each Bondholder's discretion):
(a) if the Change of Control Event occurred during the period from the Disbursement Date to but not including the Interest Payment Date in July 2008, have the bonds redeemed by the Borrower (put option) at 150 % of par value plus accrued interest; or
(b) if the Change of Control Event occurred during the period from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2008 have its Bonds redeemed by the Borrower (put option) at 101 % of par value plus accrued interest; or
(c) convert its Bonds at the Change of Control Conversion Price, which shall be set out below, but in each case adjusted, if appropriate, under the provisions of Clauses 14 and 15 (provided that no adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made in respect of such Change of Control Event other than pursuant to this Clause 10.3 in respect of exercise of the conversion right in the Change of Control Conversion Period):
COCCP = OCP / (1 + (CP x (c/t))), where:
COCCP means the Change of Control Conversion Price; OCP means the Conversion Price in effect on the relevant Conversion Date (disregarding the application of this provision); CP means the conversion premium of 40 % (expressed as a fraction); c means the number of days from and including the date of the Change of Control Event to but excluding the Maturity Date; and t means the number of days from and including the Disbursement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
In the event of an early redemption pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (a) and (b), settlement shall be three (3) Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received such request. In the event of conversion pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (c), the Borrower shall as soon as possible, but in no event later than on the Change of Control Conversion Date issue to and in the names of the relevant Bondholder the number of new Shares which are necessary in order to fulfil the Borrower's obligations to issue new Shares to the respective Bondholder.
The respective Bondholder must notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Conversion Period of its election of whether or not to (a) require early redemption of its Bonds by the Borrower, or (b) convert its Bonds to Shares.
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The terms and conditions set out in Clauses 13 -15 shall (to the extent applicable) apply for any conversion of Bonds to Shares according to this Clause 10.3.
If a Change of Control Event is triggered by a merger in which the Borrower is the acquired company, this Clause 10.3 and Clause 15.1 shall be alternative rights for the Bondholders.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount in default shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The amounts in default shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 18.1 (a), cf. Clauses 18.2 - 18.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Conversion terms
13.1 Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of its Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the Conversion Date has the right to own Shares under the applicable law and that notification thereof is given pursuant to Clause 13.4.
13.2 The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.
13.3 The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clauses 14 and 15.
13.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.
Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying its Account Manager of the number of Bonds which shall be converted. The Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall carry the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date.
Conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price. Any excess
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

amount beyond the whole number of shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Borrower.
Interest accrued since the latest Interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion Date, shall not be paid in cash nor in kind to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the Borrower unless the Conversion Date fall on the Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid to the relevant Bondholder.
13.5 The Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) the share capital increase is registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises as soon as possible,
(b) the Remaining Loan is being written down within the Conversion Date, and
(c) Shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Depository on the Conversion Date.
If the share capital increase is not registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises at the Conversion Date, the Borrower shall ensure that the shares following the conversion shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).
13.6 Shares issued upon conversion give rights in the Borrower as of the registration of the share capital increase in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises, unless the general meeting of the Borrower has resolved differently.

14 Adjustment of the Conversion Price

14.1 In the event of a new issue of Shares in which shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the new shares, shall

(i) if the Shares are listed at an Exchange, a new Conversion Price be calculated as follows:

(Shareprice x number of shares before share issue) + (share issue price x number of new shares)

New conversion price =

number of shares befre share issue + number of new shares x old conversion price share price

The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the Exchange the last three (3) days the shares are quoted including rights.

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Bondholder already had exercised its conversion right.

14.2 In the event of an issue of financial instruments in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Public Companies Act in which existing shareholders of the Borrower have preferential rights to subscribe for such financial instruments (the "Subscription Rights"),

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) if the Shares are listed on an exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:

Average Subscription Period Price New Exercise Price --

x old Exercise Price

Average Subscription Period Price plus

the Average Subscription Rights Price

where: (A) "Average Subscription Period Price" means the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price of such Shares on the exchange, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, and (B) "Average Subscription Rights Price" means either (1) if the Borrower has listed the Subscription Rights on an exchange, the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price of such Subscription Rights on the exchange, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, or (2) if the Borrower has not listed the Subscription Rights on an exchange, the average of the trading price of the Subscription Rights calculated by a broker agreed upon by the Borrower and the Loan Trustee, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised Days without trading are not included in the aforesaid calculations.

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his conversion right.
14.3 In the event of a capital write-down of the Borrower's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders, shall,
(i) if the Shares are listed at an Exchange, a new Conversion Price be calculated as follows:
New conversion price ­ share price less amount repaid per share x old conversion price share price
The share price is the average of the weighted average of official daily trading price on the Exchange the last three (3) days shares are quoted including rights.
(ii) if the Shares are not listed, the Conversion Price be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid pr share.
Reduction of the share capital without repayment to the shareholders shall have no influence on the Conversion Price.
14.4 In the event of a bonus issue of new Shares (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Conversion Price shall be fixed as follows:

14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

number of shares prior to bonus issue,

New conversion price -- split or consolidation

x old conversion price

number of shares after bonus issue,

split or consolidation

In the event that the shares are split into more than one class of shares, the conversion right shall be adjusted so that Bondholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless of whether the Bondholder elects to convert prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post split.
A bonus issue writing up the par value of the shares in the Borrower shall have no influence of the Conversion Price.
14.5 Should the Borrower make a dividend payment to the shareholders of the Borrower, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to the principles of Clause 14.3.
14.6 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned in Clauses 14.114.5 above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the shareholders, the Loan Trustee and the Borrower shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders. The principles expressed in Clauses 14.1 to Clause 14.5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause.
14.7 If the Conversion Price is below par value of the Shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Borrower shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders in cash the difference between the par value of the Shares and the Conversion Price.
14.8 If, in connection with adjustments of the Conversion Price, a conversion to USD is required, the exchange rate shall be the official reference rate provided by the European Central Bank on the date of the event triggering such adjustment.

15 Merger, de-merger and Change of Control
15.1 If the Borrower prior to the expiry of the Conversion Period decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with the Public Limited Companies Act) in which the Borrower is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to demand the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest.
The Borrower shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest five (5) Banking Days after notification of the merger to the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines of Clause 15.2.
15.2 Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying its paying agent in the Securities Register at the latest two (2) months after notification of the merger to the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises. The Bondholder's paying agent shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent.

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Redemption shall take place five (5) Banking Days after the acquiring company has notified the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises that the merger shall be effective.
15.3 If a Bondholder does not use the right to request redemption according to Clause 15.2, the conversion right shall be transferred to a right to convert to shares in the acquiring company on terms that are adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio of the merger.
15.4 If the Borrower decides on a merger in which the Borrower is the acquiring company, and the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. If the shareholders of the acquired company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to Clause 14.
15.5 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off, split-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, the Borrower and the Loan Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price, which shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause 14.
15.6 The provisions in this Clause 15 have no limitation on the creditor's right of objection to the merger or de-merger.
16 Covenants
16.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any Event of Default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 18 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of share capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 16.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 16,
(h) of its own accord, inform the Loan Trustee of any event that results in an adjustment of the Conversion Price promptly thereafter, and
(i) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, immediately after the Borrower becomes aware of it, notify the Bondholders (via the Securities Depository), the Loan Trustee and (if listed) the Exchange thereof. The notice shall specify that each Bondholder's has the right to either early redemption or convert the Bonds in accordance with the terms of Clause 10.2 (i) the applicable Change of Control Conversion Price and early redemption price, (ii) the Bondholders' entitlement to exercise their Conversion Rights or to exercise their right to require Conversion of the Bonds, (iii) the Change of Control Conversion Period, (iv) the Change of Control Conversion Date, and (v) details concerning the potential Change of Control Event.
16.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not, and ensure that no member of the Group, shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations;
(ii) change the nature of its business; or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to comply with its payment obligations under this Loan Agreement, and
(c) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
17 Fees and expenses
17.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan, such as preparation of this Loan Agreement, listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
17.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan. Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
17.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 17.2 and 17.2, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 22.2.
18 Events of Default
18.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within five (5) Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within ten (10)- Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities),
(iii) a moratorium is declared, or
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint (and not released within thirty (30) days after the Borrower became aware thereof),
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under this Loan Agreement.
18.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
18.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 18.2 or 18.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
18.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of its own accord recover its bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
19.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to this Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
19.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 19.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of this Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of this Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in this Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 19.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than five (5) Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under this Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
19.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
19.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
19.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 19.1 and 19.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
20 Procedural rules
20.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
20.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 20.1 within five (5) Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3.
20.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five (5) Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of this Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 21, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
20.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
20.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
20.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 20.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
20.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 21.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 20.8.
20.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) change of borrower, (c) changes in this Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and
security/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance
for the fulfilment of this Loan Agreement.
20.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if it is not a Bondholder or proxy. Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to this Loan Agreement shall be attached to this Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
21.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
22 Change of Loan Trustee
22.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 20.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter. The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The Bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals. The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
22.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as loan trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 17.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under this Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
22.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform its functions and duties under this Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of this Loan Agreement.
23 Limitation
23.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
24 Dispute resolution and legal venue
24.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
24.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.

25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
25.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
25.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bors, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Stavanger/Oslo, 9 July 2007

MARACC - Marine Accurate Well ASA Borrower
S

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Loan Trustee

This Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

26

