EXECUTION VERSION
BOND TERMS FOR
Link Mobility Group ASA 4.75% Senior Secured Bonds EUR 175,000,000 2017/2022
ISIN NO 0010786577

EXECUTION VERSION

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................................ 3 2. THE BONDS....................................................................................................................... 19 3. THE BONDHOLDERS......................................................................................................21 4. ADMISSION TO LISTING...............................................................................................22 5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS................................................................................. 22 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT, ETC .................................................................23 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................................25 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS.................................................................28 9. INTEREST...........................................................................................................................30 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS....................................................... 31 11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.................................................................. 32 12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS............................................................................... 33 13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................... 34 14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS.......................... 39 15. BONDHOLDERS ' D ECISIONS......................................................................................42 16. THE BOND TRUSTEE..................................................................................................... 47 17. AMENDMENTS AND W AIVERS.................................................................................. 51 18. MISCELLANEOUS........................................................................................................... 52 19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION....................................................................54

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

2(57)

EXECUTION VERSION

BOND TERMS

ISSUER:

LINK MOBILITY GROUP ASA, a public limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 984 066 910; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624.

DATED:

22 February 2017

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Additional Bonds" means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Group for any financial year, prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.

"Applicable Premium" means a price equal to the sum of:

(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 2% of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and

(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date) up to and including the First Call Date,

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) provided that if the German Government Bond Rate is negative it will be set to zero.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.

3(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a Person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (.Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments hereto which shall form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Teims.
"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day {No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 {Voluntary Redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA.
"Change of Control Event" means any event where:
(a) the shares of the Issuer ceases to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (No. Oslo Børs)', or
(b) any Person or group of Persons acting in concert gaining Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
4(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1 hereto.
"Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement, or through ownership of shares or interests in another Person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other Person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Distribution" means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repayment of any Subordinated Capital, or (v) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders.
"Default Repayment Date" means the Issue Date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"EBITDA"means the consolidated profit of the Group, from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) excluding any material items (positive or negative) of a one off, non-recurring, non operational, extraordinary, unusual or exceptional nature (including, without limitation, restructuring expenditures);
(d) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(e) after adding back the amount of any accounting effect of stock based or similar compensation schemes for employees;
(f) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any material loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
5(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(h) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group;
(i) after adding back any losses to the extent covered by any insurance; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Enforcement Proceeds" means
(a) the proceeds from any enforcement of the Security and the Guarantees and certain distressed disposals; and
(b) any payments following any other enforcement event.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account in the name of the Issuer, with an acceptable bank located in Norway, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"EUR" means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 {Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means:
(a) the Oslo Stock Exchange (No. Oslo Børs); or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Existing Debt" means each of the Danske Bank facility agreements dated 23 June 2015, 29 June 2016 and 30 September 2016, respectively, between the Issuer as borrower and Danske Bank A/S as lender in the total aggregate amount of approximately NOK 161,700,000 (outstanding 31 December 2016) or the equivalent in any other currency.
"Existing Vendor Loans" means the existing vendor loans incurred by the Issuer in relation to acquisitions made prior to 31 December 2016, in the maximum aggregate amount of NOK 137,200,000 or the equivalent in other currencies.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Transaction Security Document, and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees (excluding arrangement fees in respect of the Initial Loan Amount
6(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
under the Bond Issue), discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group (calculated on a consolidated basis), without taking into account any capitalised interest in respect of any Subordinated Capital, or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Leases;
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under IFRS as applicable on the Issue Date are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
(e) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(1) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of an entity which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise financing or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
(i) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under IFRS;
(j) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a)-(i) above.
"Finance Lease" means any lease or hire purchase contract entered into by a Group Company which would have been treated as a finance or capital lease for accounting purposes in accordance with IFRS as applicable on the Issue Date, but always excluding (i) any liability arising under lease or rental agreement for real property (in the ordinary course of business) and (ii) any liability under the finance leases existing on the Issue Date not to
7(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
exceed the amount included in paragraph (f) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Support".
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date in February 2020.
"German Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Ge: Bund or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at least 2 Business Days (but not more than 5 Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the German Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any Person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means, to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. "selvskyldnerkausjon"), or the corresponding guarantee under other applicable law to the extent made by a Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors.
"Guarantor" means the Initial Guarantors and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a Material Group Company.
"Hedging Counterparty" means any hedging counterparty to any Permitted Hedging Obligation entered into by any Group Company.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 13.13 (.Incurrence Test).
8(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Initial Bond Issue" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Guarantors" means
(a) Link Mobility AS (incorporated in Norway with reg. no. 992 434 643);
(b) Link Mobility AB (incorporated in Sweden with reg. no. 556532-6401);
(c) LINK Mobility A/S (incorporated in Denmark with reg. no 30 07 75 20);
(d) Labyrinth Media Oy (incorporated in Finland with reg. no. 2680176-2);
(e) Labyrinth International Oy (incorporated in Finland with reg. no. 2622056-2; and
(f) Link Mobility GmbH, (incorporated in Germany with reg. no. HRB 86597).
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a Person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intellectual Property" means any patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, database rights, rights to source code, design rights, domain names, inventions, confidential information, knowhow and other intellectual property rights and interests, whether registered or unregistered and the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets of each member of the Group.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made by a Group Company to a Material Group Company (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group) where (i) the term of the loan is over one year (the term being determined at the sole discretion of the Issuer) and (ii) the amount is in excess of EUR 1,000,000 and which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement shall be fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement acceptable to the Bond Trustee entered (or acceded) into by, inter alia, the Bond Trustee (on the behalf of the Bondholders), the Issuer, each of the Guarantors and any Super Senior Creditors (when relevant).
9(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Intercreditor Principles" the principles for the Intercreditor Agreement included in the agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, delivered and executed as Pre Disbursement Conditions Precedent.
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 24 August 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 24 August and 24 February each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means 4.75% per annum.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Group for the quarterly period ending on each 31 March, 30 June, and 30 September in each year, prepared in accordance with IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 24 February 2017.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Listing Failure Event" means:
(a) that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within (6) months following the Issue Date, or
(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of (6) months has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange.
"Longstop Date" means the date that falls 90 Business Days after the Issue Date.
"Managers" means each of, or collectively as the case may be, ABG Sundal Collier ASA and Danske Bank, Norwegian Branch, who jointly act as manager for the Bond Issue.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents, or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
10 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Material Group Company" means each of the Issuer, the Initial Guarantors and any Subsidiary of the Issuer which has subsequently been designated as a Material Group Company by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.12 (.Designation o f Material Group Companies).
"Maturity Date" means 24 February 2022, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Subordinated Capital).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Group plus (without double counting) any Vendor Loans, and excluding:
(a) Subordinated Capital;
(b) interest bearing debt borrowed from a 100% owned Group Company to another 100% owned Group Company; and
(c) any Bonds owned by the Issuer,
less cash and cash equivalents (and for the avoidance of doubt funds held on the Escrow Account of the Group in accordance with IFRS).
"Net Profit" means for an applicable financial period the Group's net profit, after tax according to IFRS, however excluding any IFRS accounting effects resulting from appreciation/write downs of fixed assets owned by the Group.
"New Security" means security in favour of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement (subject to the Security Principles set out therein) to be granted over any new assets having been acquired.
"Nominal Amount" means:
(a) the Initial Nominal Amount or any other amount in which the Bonds are denominated following any changes in the number of Bonds outstanding under the Bond Issue as a consequence of a split or merger of individual Bonds (and not by any changes in the total aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Bonds) always subject to the Bond Trustee's written consent and Clause 16.2 paragraph (j) (The duties and authority o f the Bond Trustee)', or
(b) if and to the extent applicable in CDS, the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which the Bonds have been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o fBonds).
11(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Participating Member States" means any member state of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Disposal" means any disposal of assets which is not restricted according to these Bond Terms.
"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution by:
(a) a Subsidiary of the Issuer, if such Distribution is made to another Group Company and, if made by a Group Company which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis; or
(b) the Issuer, if the Issuer is in compliance with the Incurrence Test, tested pro forma after such Distribution and otherwise calculated as set out in the Incurrence Test, provided that the Distribution does not (when aggregated with any previous Distributions pursuant to this paragraph (b)) exceed 50% of the Group's aggregated consolidated Net Profit the previous calendar year (and where any unutilized portion of such Net Profit may not be carried forward),
provided however, that Distribution (in respect of paragraph (a) and (b) above) shall only be permitted if no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Distribution and that the relevant legal entity has dividend capacity pursuant to applicable law (to the extent that such Distribution is made in the form of dividends).
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness (or the refinancing of any Financial Indebtedness outstanding at the time of the refinancing):
(a) under the Finance Documents and the Super Senior Finance Documents;
(b) incurred under Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" only up until the first release of funds from the Escrow Account);
(c) incurred under Finance Lease of equipment, computers or real property in the ordinary course of business;
(d) in the form of any Intercompany Loans;
12 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(e) any loans between Group Companies (other than to the Issuer) that do not constitute Intercompany Loans;
(f) in the form of any Subordinated Capital;
(g) incurred under any Existing Vendor Loans;
(h) arising between Group Companies under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group;
(i) in the form of any Permitted Hedging Obligation;
(j) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability in the ordinary course of business of a Group Company;
(k) incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal commercial terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading partners in the ordinary course of its trading activities;
(l) incurred by the Issuer, if such Financial Indebtedness meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such new Financial Indebtedness, and is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue;
(m) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity (or operations) and which is due to such acquired entity holding indebtedness, provided that such indebtedness is either (i) repaid, or (ii) otherwise refinanced by the Issuer as set out in paragraph (1) above within ninety (90) days of completion of such acquisition or transfer;
(n) under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(o) incurred under paragraph (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Support";
(p) incurred under Vendor Loans provided any such new Financial Indebtedness meets the Incurrence Test, tested pro forma including such new Financial Indebtedness;
(q) incurred by joint ventures (which are Group Companies) if the aggregate Financial Indebtedness incurred by (and to be existing in) such joint ventures does not exceed EUR 2,000,000 in any financial year; or
(r) not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate shall not exceed EUR 1,500,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
"Permitted Financial Support" means any guarantee, loan or other financial support:
(a) granted under the Finance Documents;
(b) granted under Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted Financial Support" only up until the first release of funds from the Escrow Account);
13(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(c) granted in respect of the Super Senior Finance Documents, any Permitted Hedging Obligation or any Tap Issue, provided that such guarantee is granted in favour of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
(d) permitted under paragraphs (d), (e) and (h) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";
(e) which constitutes a trade credit or guarantee issued in respect of a liability incurred by another Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(f) in respect of guarantees only, granted in respect of any Finance Lease entered into by any Group Company with any banks or financial or leasing institutions prior to the Issue Date, provided that the aggregate amount of all such Finance Leases does not at any time exceed EUR 1,500,000 for the Group;
(g) in respect of guarantees only, for any rental obligations in respect of any real property leased by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;
(h) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business and not as a result of any default or omission;
(i) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances(cash pool or otherwise) between Group Companies; or
(j) which (not covered by (a) through (i) above) in total does not exceed EUR 1,500,000 for the Group in aggregate.
"Permitted Hedging Obligation" means any obligation of any Group Company under a derivative transaction entered into with one or more Hedging Counterparties in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Bond Terms, or the Super Senior Finance Documents (but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes). Any Permitted Hedging Obligation may be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security, which shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and any additional security as permitted under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Permitted Security". The Hedging Counterparty shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Permitted Security" means any security:
(a) created under the Finance Documents;
(b) created in respect of Existing Debt (provided it shall be included as "Permitted Security" only up until the first release of funds from the Escrow Account);
(c) created in respect of the Super Senior Finance Documents, any Permitted Hedging Obligation or a Tap Issue, provided that such security is extended to and shared between the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
14(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(d) arising by operation of law (including Taxes or other governmental charges) or in the ordinaiy course of trading and not as a result o f any default or omission for a period of more than 60 days or that are bonded or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
(e) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances of the Group;
(f) in the form of rental deposits or other guarantees in respect of any lease agreement including in relation to real property entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;
(g) granted under Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with paragraph (m) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" and that such security is discharged upon repayment or refinancing of such Financial Indebtedness with the Issuer as the new borrower; or
(h) not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate does not exceed EUR 1,500,000 in aggregate (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Pre-Disbursement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5.
"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.5 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the Issue Date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Restricted Disposal" means a sale, transfer or disposal of shares in or other assets or operations in the Initial Guarantors or any Material Group Company, outside the ordinary course of business, to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
15 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling 3 Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any date for payment of principal or any other amounts under the Bond Issue in accordance with Clause 10.1 (Redemption o f Bonds), any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date, the Longstop Date or the Maturity Date.
"Replacement Assets" means any type of assets, including but not limited to; shares, any type of equity securities and, to the extent otherwise permitted to finance the acquisition of such assets under the terms of the Bond Terms, any other forms of investments in another legal entity of what-ever-nature.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future liabilities and obligations at any time due, owing or incurred by any Group Company to any Secured Party under the Finance Documents, the Super Senior Finance Documents and any finance documents related to a Tap Issue and any Permitted Hedging Obligations, both actual and contingent, subject to a Secured Party acceding the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Secured Parties" means the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the Super Senior Creditors and any Hedging Counterparties.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders), unless included in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Subordinated Capital" means any loan granted or to be granted to the Issuer, with terms (including aggregate amount) and final structure acceptable to the Bond Trustee and the Super Senior Creditors (acting in them sole discretion), inter alia to ensure that (a) such loan
16 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
is fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations, and (b) any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any such loan is subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Secured Obligations having been discharged in full.
"Subsidiary" means subsidiaries (No. datterselskap) within the meaning of section 1-3 of the Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No. aksjeloven) or otherwise a Person over which another Person has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Super Senior Credit Facility" means a revolving credit facility or facilities to be provided to the Issuer (and/or Group Companies) as borrower, having the following terms in relation to the Bonds:
(a) the Issuer and any other Group Companies may apply amounts borrowed by the Issuer under the Super Senior Credit Facility towards general corporate and working capital or acquisition purposes of the Group;
(b) the commitment under such facility may, subject to compliance with the Incurrence Test be up to a maximum amount of the lower of (i) NOK 150,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency), and (ii) lxEBITDA for the Group (calculated on a pro forma basis for the Group for the preceding 12 months);
(c) all amounts outstanding under the Super Senior Finance Documents shall be secured on first priority over the same security assets as covered by the Pre-Disbursement Security (which shall constitute senior obligations of the Issuer);
(d) the Super Senior Credit Facility shall (together with any Permitted Hedging Obligations) rank super senior to the Bonds (including Bonds issued under a Tap Issue) with respect to any Enforcement Proceeds, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
(e) the Super Senior Credit Facility may consist of one or several facilities (also guarantee, letter of credit or any other ancillary facilities) from one or more lenders, which shall rank pari passu between each other; and
(f) all facility commitments under the Super Senior Credit Facility are subject to simultaneous clean down once every 12 months. A minimum period of 6 months shall elapse between each such clean down.
"Super Senior Creditors" means the finance parties under the Super Senior Finance Documents.
"Super Senior Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the Super Senior Credit Facility, guarantee, letter of credit or other documents entered into in relation thereto.
"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
17 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Tap Issue Addendum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 {Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge and all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 {Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Vendor Loans" means:
(a) any vendor loans granted to the Issuer following acquisitions by any member of the Group where no interest shall accrue and be payable in excess of any interest payable under the Bonds, however, so that PIK interest on a higher level than interest accruing under the Bonds is permitted, provided that such interest does not become payable prior to 6 months after the Final Maturity Date; or
(b) any financial indebtedness relating to an eam-out arrangement incurred by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of business in connection with such Group Company acquiring another entity from a vendor, provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect,
in each case (i) which are subordinated to the Secured Obligations, (ii) which shall have no individual enforcement rights and (iii) where a statement of subordination for the benefit of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the creditors under the Secured Obligations (including a waiver of its enforcement rights) is delivered in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 {Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
18(57)

EXECUTION VERSION

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal Personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer'spurchase o fBonds)',

(j) references to Persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in in the maximum amount of EUR 175,000,000 (the "Maximum Issue Amount"). The Bonds may be issued on different issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of EUR 50,000,000. The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in Clause 6.3 (Tap Issues) are met, at one or more occasions issue Additional Bonds (each a "Tap Issue") until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue. Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds issued pursuant to the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out in these Bond Terms, except that Additional Bonds may be issued at a different price than for the Initial Bond Issue and which may be below or above the Nominal Amount. The Bond Trustee shall prepare an addendum to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of each Tap Issue (a "Tap Issue Addendum").

(b) The Bonds are denominated in EUR.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is EUR 100,000.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010786577. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

19 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
2.3 Use of proceeds (a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue (net of fees and legal cost of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) exclusively (i) for repayment of all Existing Debt, (ii) part repayment of Existing Vendor Loans, and (iii) for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.
(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bonds for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at least pari passu between themselves and all other senior creditors (except in respect of claims mandatorily preferred by law), and, subject to the super senior status of (i) the Super Senior Credit Facility, and (ii) Permitted Hedging Obligations, pari passu with the other secured parties in respect of the Security. The Super Senior Creditors, and any Hedging Counterparty (in respect of a Permitted Hedging Obligation) will receive Enforcement Proceeds prior to the Bondholders in respect of the Bonds, including any Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, in accordance with the waterfall provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent, to be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, within the times agreed in this Clause 2.5 and as further stated in Clause 6 {Conditionsfor disbursement):
Pre-Settlement Security;
(i) first priority pledge over the Escrow Account;
Pre-Disbursement Security:
(i) first priority charges over the Issuer's bank accounts (to be unblocked except upon the occurrence of an Event of Default);
(ii) first priority pledge over all shares issued in all of the Guarantors and the Issuer's directly owned Subsidiaries;
(iii) to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. selvskyldnerkausjon), or the corresponding guarantee under other applicable law to the extent made by a Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors (the "Guarantees");
(iv) first priority floating charges in operational assets (No. driftstilbelwrspant) of each Guarantor incorporated in Norway and the Issuer;
20 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(v) first priority floating charges in operational assets the account receivables (No. factoringpant) of each Guarantor incorporated in Norway and the Issuer; and
(vi) first priority pledge in any Intercompany Loans from the Issuer to the Guarantors and intercompany loans arising under any cash pool.
(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document, and always be subject to and limited to mandatory provisions of applicable law which limit the legal capacity or ability to provide Security, including but not limited to, the provisions of section 8-7 and 8-10 of the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act and the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act, both of 1997 (as amended).
(c) The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Issue Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as security agent) shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security.
(d) The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bond Trustee will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, act as security agent both in respect of the Pre Disbursement Security and any other security provided in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (unless otherwise set out in the Intercreditor Agreement for any Permitted Security not to be shared among the Secured Parties).
(e) The Issuer shall for as long as any amount remain outstanding under the Bonds ensure that all shares issued by its directly owned Subsidiaries are pledged on first priority in favour of the of the Secured Parties.
(f) The Bond Trustee (in its capacity as Security Agent) shall pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (upon the Issuer's request) release any Guarantee or Security provided by a Guarantor that ceases to be a Material Group Company unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
3. THE BONDHOLDERS
3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders (a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.
(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.
3.2 Limitation of rights of action (a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the
21 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (.Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (No. Oslo Børs) as soon as reasonable practicable after the Issue Date, but in no event later than 31 July 2017. If the Bonds are listed (whether on the Oslo Stock Exchange (No. Oslo Børs) or any other Exchange), the issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD
The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other county's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

22 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT, ETC

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer
(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received no later than two Business Days prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;

(ii) a copy of an agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer relating to expenses and fees duly executed;

(iii) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank);

(iv) certified copies of all corporate resolutions (including authorisations) of the Issuer required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(v) a certified copy of a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (unless included in paragraph (iv) above);

(vi) copies of the constitutional documents (No.fmnaattest og vedtekter) in respect of the Issuer evidencing that the Issuer is validly existing;

(vii) copies of any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;

(viii) any statements or legal opinions required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the relevant Finance Documents;

(ix) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;

(x) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;

(xi) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds; and

(xii) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports.

(b) The amount deposited on the Escrow Account (if not already covered, net of legal costs of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall only be used according to Clause 2.3 (Use o f

23 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
proceeds), and will not be disbursed to the Issuer unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;
(ii) a statement of subordination in favour of the Bond Trustee of any and all claims which is required to be subordinated under these Bond terms;
(iii) the constitutional documents (No.firmaattest og vedtekter) of the Guarantors;
(iv) copies of necessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) from each of the Guarantors to execute the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(v) confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release from the Escrow Account;
(vi) copies of agreements for any existing Intercompany Loans (and any Intercompany Loans to be established upon disbursement) with the Issuer duly executed by all parties thereto, and evidence that any Intercompany Loans granted (or to be granted) to the Issuer are fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations pursuant to the principles set out in the Intercreditor Agreement;
(vii) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Financial Support) exist within the Group following the repayment of the Existing Debt;
(viii) all relevant Transaction Security Documents relating to the Pre-Disbursement Security being executed and perfected according to (if required) a closing procedure acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Closing Procedure");
(ix) copies of the template for the agreements for Vendor Loans, Subordinated Capital, intercompany loans and the declaration of subordination (to be applied (in the Norwegian or English language) in respect of any Vendor Loans);
(x) any legal opinion required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents) in respect of any jurisdiction by which a Security Document or any other Finance Document is governed;
(xi) an agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee setting out the Intercreditor Principles (as a basis for the Intercreditor Agreement); and
(xii) any other Finance Documents duly signed by all parties thereto.
(c) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the requirements for documentation set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent fo r
24 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) shall be made subject to the Closing Procedure.

6.2 Distribution
Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph 6.1(c) above.

6.3 Tap Issues The Issuer may issue Additional Bonds (at one or more occasions) if:

(a) the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum;

(b) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and repeated by the Issuer as at the date of issuance of such Additional Bonds;

(c) the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including the aggregate Nominal Amount of Additional Bonds to be issued under the Tap Issue; and

(d) the aggregate Nominal Amount of Bonds, including Additional Bonds issued under a Tap Issue does not Exceed the Maximum Issue Amount.

6.4 Condition subsequent
The Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the Issuer, each of the Guarantors and any Super Senior Creditors, shall enter into an Intercreditor Agreement prior to any Group Company entering into and incurring Financial Indebtedness in the form of a Super Senior Credit Facility. The Intercreditor Agreement shall be based on customary terms and conditions and the Intercreditor Principles, and be governed by Norwegian law. The Bond Trustee is authorised to agree and execute the Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) on the date of these Bond Terms;

(b) at the Issue Date;

(c) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account; and

(d) at the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.

25 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order;
(b) its constitutional documents; or
(c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.6 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any couit, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
26 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
7.7 Financial Reports Its most recent Annual Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
7.8 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of its most recent Annual Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.9 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.10 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
7.11 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at leastpari passu as set out in Clause 2.4.
7.12 Information All information which has been presented to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable measures to ensure the same:
(a) true and accurate in all material respects as at the date the relevant information is expressed to be given; and
(b) does not omit any material information likely to affect the accuracy of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds in any material respects unless subsequently disclosed to the Bond Trustee in writing or otherwise made publicly known.
7.13 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, these Bond Terms or the other Finance Documents.
(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
27 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
7.14 Transaction Security The entry into of the Transaction Security Documents and the granting of the Transaction Security do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation applicable to it or any other Obligor;
(b) its constitutional documents or those of any other Obligor; or
(c) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any other Obligor.
8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS 8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.
(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.
(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.
8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional 3% per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 {Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
28 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(c) Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, any principal amount outstanding under these Bonds Terms shall be considered an Overdue Amount in accordance with paragraph (a) above for as long as such Listing Failure Event is continuing.
8.3 Partial payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of any principal amount due but unpaid.
(c) A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
8.4 Taxation (a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from the it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
(d) The Issuer shall pay and, within three (3) Business Days of demand, indemnify the Bond Trustee and each Bondholder against any cost, loss or liability that any such
29 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

party incurs in relation to all stamp duty, registration, public fee and other similar taxes payable in respect of any Finance Document.

8.5 Currency
(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims
The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Additional Bond for each Interest Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the issuance of the Additional Bonds (or, if the date of the issuance is not an Interest Payment Date and there is no Interest Payment Date prior to such date of issuance, starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date).

(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).

9.2 Payment of Interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

30 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS 10.1 Redemption of Bonds
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount.
10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may wholly or partially redeem the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the sum of 100% of the Nominal Amount and the Applicable Premium for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds);
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in February 2021 at a price equal to 102% of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds);
(iii) the Interest Payment Date in February 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in August 2021 at a price equal to 101% of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds); and
(iv) the Interest Payment Date in August 2021 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100.5% of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds).
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the amount to be paid up to the First Call Date according to subsection a)(i) above (the "Make Whole Amount") is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interests).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred
31 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
pursuant to Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90% of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.5 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the a price of 101% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interests) by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date If the funds deposited on the Escrow Account have not in all material respects been released from the Escrow Account and applied as set out in the Clause 2.3 (Use of Proceeds) by the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days thereafter (with the Longstop Date being the Record Date), redeem Bonds at a price equal to 101.00% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds to be redeemed).
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer and the Group Companies may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.5 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
32 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
in respect of both (i) and (ii) above, the financial statements shall specifically include, for the Relevant Period, EBITDA and Net Interest Bearing Debt (and otherwise as required under the Incurrence Test) in respect of the Group.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying i.a. that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements.
(b) The Financial Reports shall specifically include, for the Relevant Period, EBITDA and Net Interest Bearing Debt (and otherwise as required under the Incurrence Test) in respect of the Group.
(c) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using IFRS consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to
33 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it);
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
12.5 Information undertaking regarding Incurrence Test The Issuer shall upon in all events which shall require application of the Incurrence Test prepare (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.12(a) (Incurrence Test) as at such date.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and financial Undertakings).
13.1 Authorisations The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time, to the extent that failure to comply with such laws and regulations would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3 Continuation of business and Corporate Status The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group at the Issue Date. The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.
34 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

13.4 Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, make any Distribution other than any Permitted Distribution.

13.5 Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.6 De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall make sure that no Material Subsidiary will, cany out any de merger or other corporate reorganisation involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Material Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.7 Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness.

(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not prohibit any Group Company to incur, maintain or prolong any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.8 Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its/their assets (whether present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.

13.9 Financial support
No member of the Group shall directly or indirectly make or grant any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or group or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person or group, not being a member of the Group, except for Permitted Financial Support.

13.10

Disposals
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of:

(i) any assets or operations which is a Restricted Disposal, unless such Restricted Disposal is carried out at fair market value and would otherwise not have a Material Adverse Effect; or

35 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

(ii) other assets or operations in any Group Company, outside the ordinary course of business, to any Person not being the Issuer or any Group Company if such disposal would otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The net cash proceeds from a Restricted Disposal which is permitted shall be applied:

(i) to finance (in whole or in part) the acquisition of any Replacement Assets, over which New Security shall be granted (to the extent that the original assets were covered by the Security); or

(ii) at any time following the relevant disposal, and in any event, if such proceeds are not applied as set out in paragraph (i) above within 12 months after receipt by the Issuer, to redeem Bonds of the applicable price under Clause 10.2 ( Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) at the time of redemption plus accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds); or

(iii) to redeem Bonds (plus accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds) and where repayment of the Bonds shall be carried out at the prevailing prices set out under Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).

Notwithstanding the clauses above, if the net proceeds from a Restricted Disposal are less than EUR 2,000,000, the net proceeds may be released for general corporate purposes of the Group.

(c) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to release existing Transaction Security of any resigning Obligor in connection with a Permitted Disposal, and (to the extent applicable) re-establish similar Transaction Security pursuant to these Bond Terms subject to such procedures and closing mechanisms as the Bond Trustee shall determine in its sole discretion.

(d) In the event that any assets over which security is granted under the Finance Documents are sold or otherwise disposed of by any Group Company to either the Issuer or any of the Issuer's wholly-owned Subsidiaries within the Group, the acquirer shall pledge such assets as security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement (subject to the security principles set out therein). Any security thus granted shall be deemed to be "Transaction Security" and any documents executed in relation hereto shall be deemed as " Transaction Security Documents".

13.11

Related party transactions
Without limiting Clause 13.2 (Compliance with laws), the Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Obligor will, conduct all business transactions with any Affiliate which is not an Obligor at market terms and otherwise on an arm's length basis.

13.12 Designation of Material Group Companies (a) The Issuer shall nominate as Material Group Companies

36 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

(i) such Group Companies as are necessary to ensure that the Issuer and the Material Group Companies in aggregate account for at least 80% of the Group's EBITDA and total assets;

(ii) a Group Company whose EBITDA or assets constitutes more than 10% of the Group's EBITDA or total assets on a consolidated basis based on the preceding four financial quarters; and

(iii) a Group Company which is required to be nominated as a Material Group Company pursuant to paragraph (b) of Clause 13.18 (Intellectual Property).

(b) If the aggregate EBITDA of all the Material Group Companies as determined pursuant to paragraph (a) above is less than 80% of the consolidated EBITDA or assets of the Group, the Group Company with the greatest EBITDA or assets which is not a Material Company shall become a Material Company, and this process shall be repeated until such 80% threshold is attained. If a Group Company has been acquired since the date at which the latest Financial Statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements shall be deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Group Company.

(c) The Issuer shall once every year (simultaneously with the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the yearly audited accounts of the Group) and upon acquisition of material assets by a Group Company (in addition to those listed as Initial Guarantors) nominate Material Group Companies in accordance with paragraph (a) above.

(d) The Issuer shall ensure that each Material Group Company no later than 60 days after its nomination provide Security in accordance with, and accede to, the Intercreditor Agreement.

(e) The identity of the Material Group Companies nominated by the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph shall be listed in the compliance certificate to be provided to the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 12 (Information undertakings).

13.13

Incurrence Test
(a) The Incurrence Test is met if the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than 4.00x.

(b) The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than one month prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test. The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include any new Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Tap Issue in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt).

(c) The figures for the EBITDA for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

37 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION

(i) entities, assets or operations acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and

(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from a Tap Issue shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period.

13.14

Acquisitions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.15 Arm's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group shall engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (other than between the Issuer and a Guarantor or between two or more Guarantors) (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering) except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such Group Company's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in arm's length transaction at that time.

13.16

Insurance
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, maintain insurances or captive arrangements on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business.

13.17

Subsidiary distribution
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Terms.

13.18 Intellectual property (a) The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies:

(i) preserve and maintain the subsistence and validity of the Intellectual Property which are material in order for the Group to conduct its business;

(ii) use reasonable endeavors to prevent infringement in any material respect of any Intellectual Property; and

(iii) make registrations and pay all registration fees and taxes necessary to maintain the Intellectual Property in full force and effect and record its interest in that Intellectual Property,

38 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
however, it shall be free to deal with those assets in the ordinary course of its business (including, without limitation, allowing its Intellectual Property to lapse if no longer material to its business) until an Event of Default has occurred which is continuing and in which notice has been served by the Trustee.
(b) The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies, ensure that if Intellectual Property are not held with a Material Group Company and cannot be transferred to a Material Group Company, the member of the Group holding such Intellectual Property shall be considered a Material Group Company and the shares of that Material Group Company shall be pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders and shall from the date of such pledge be deemed a part of the Security.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 20 Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
39 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(d) Clean-up period in relation to acquisitions
Notwithstanding paragraph (b) and (c) above, a breach of any representation or warranty, or an Event of Default, relating to a Group Company (other than the Issuer) in relation to any new acquisition made by such Group Company of any company, business, undertaking or asset (and which is permitted under the Bond Terms), shall be deemed not to be a misrepresentation, breach of warranty or an Event of Default (as the case may be), and will not have any such consequences, if and for so long as the circumstances giving rise to the relevant breach of representation or warranty or Event of Default:
(i) are capable of being remedied and are remedied within a sixty (60) days period from the completion date for such acquisition; and
(ii) are not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) Cross default
If for the Issuer and any Material Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), but excluding any event where the Super Senior Creditors becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity solely as a result of any breach of the obligation to maintain certain financial covenants (maintenance covenants) under the Super Senior Finance Documents, but only up to such time as any breach of maintenance covenants in the Super Senior Credit Facility leads to accelerated repayment of any amounts outstanding thereunder (cross-acceleration),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of EUR 1,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(f) Insolvency and insolvencyproceedings
The Issuer or any Material Group Company is:
(i) Insolvent; or
40 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to fulfill its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.2 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 20 Business Days of commencement.
Paragraph (i) and (ii) under this paragraph e) shall not apply with respect to any Material Group Company, if it is apparent that such event will not have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms.
(g) Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer and any Material Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within 20 Business Days, provided however that this will not apply with respect to an such event affecting a Material Group Company if it is apparent that such event will not have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms.
(h) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
41(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders ' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable on demand at which time they shall become immediately due and payable on demand by the Bond Trustee;
(b) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(c) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 (Events o f Default) paragraph (a) (.Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
42 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50% of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(f) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include
43 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(I) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are
44 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(1) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 15.3 (Voting rides) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant
45 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders 'Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 15.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 (Procedurefor arranging Bondholders 'Meetings)', or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 (Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond
46 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o fBondholders'Meeting).
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
47 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or .
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (.Liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
48 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has:
(i) acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes
49 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to the Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15 {Bondholders' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, provided the Bondholders appoint a new trustee which is well renowned and respected as a serious provider of trustee services on the Nordic financial market, that such new trustee is independent from any Bondholder and that there is no other conflict of interest.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
50 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
16.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The lunctions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 17.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
51 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 {Bondholders'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 {Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
52 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such no-tice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subj ect to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) An amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
53 (57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(i) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 {Information: miscellaneous) and Clause 13 {General andfinancial undertakings)',
(ii) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(iii) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 {Governing law andjurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
54(57)

EXECUTION VERSION
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or its/their respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.

000

These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.

The Issuer: Link Mobility Group ASA

SIGNATURES:
As Bond Trustee and Security Agent: Nordic Trustee ASA

By: f e T t C Position:

: Fredrik Lundberg
_ , m - <F/VcT" Position:

55 (57)

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXECUTION VERSION

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 47 22 87 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no [date]

Link Mobility Group ASA 4.75% Senior Secured Bonds EUR 175,000,000 2017/2022

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause [34] of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee.

This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·].

Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.

With reference to Clause 12.2 {Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

With reference to Clause 13.12 {Designation o fMaterial Group Companies) we hereby nominate the following Material Group Companies:

[]

We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.

Yours faithfully, LINK MOBILITY GROUP ASA,

Name o f authorisedperson Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]

56 (57)

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+4 72 28 7 94 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

EXECUTION VERSION
[date]

Link Mobility Group ASA 4.75% Senior Secured Bonds EUR 175,000,000 2017/2022

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

Escrow Account no.

Currency EUR

Amount

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, LINK MOBILITY GROUP ASA,

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

57 (57)

