ISINNO 001 040401.5
LOAN AGREEMENT b etw een
Krill Seaproducts AS (B orrow er) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN K nll Seaproducts AS Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue
2007/2010

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

7

3 Listing

8

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

8

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

8

6 Conditions Precedent

9

7 Representations and Warranties

10

8 Status of the Loan and security

12

9 Interest

12

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Change of Control 13

11 Interest in the event of late payment

15

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

15

13 Covenants

15

14 Fees and expenses

17

15 Events of Default

17

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

20

17 Procedural rules

21

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

24

19 Change of Loan Trustee

24

20 Limitation

24

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

25

22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 14 December 2007 between Krill Seaproducts AS (Norwegian Company No 990 534 705) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Change of Control Event:

means if the two companies Spencer Energy AS and Eram ANS or related companies thereto reduce their combined
ownership to below 35 per cent of the share capital or
voting capital of the Borrower, provided, however, that after the date of corporate resolutions approving listing of the Borrower's shares on Oslo Børs (provided that the shares actually being listed on Oslo Børs within 3 months thereafter) any reduces of the said parties' shareholding below 35 % shall not be deemed as a Change of Control Event.

Construction Contracts:

the contracts entered into with Fiskerstrand Verft (Norway) - including any guarantees etc. thereto.

Delivery Date:

expected to be within the end of 3Q 2008.

Disbursement Date:

17 December 2007.

Escrow Account:

account(s) established in the name of the Borrower to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.

Escrow Account Pledge:

the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Escrow Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.

Equipment:

any and all operation equipment or production equipment or other equipment related to the Vessel, irrespective of this equipment being fixed installed on the Vessel or not. For the avoidance of doubt, all the Equipment shall be related to the construction and/or equipment of the Vessel.

Equipment Contracts:

the signed contracts or any future contracts to be signed for delivery of Equipment or to be delivered in respect of the Vessel.

Equity:

the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's equity in accordance with IFRS.

Equity Ratio:

the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.

Event of Default:

means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.

4

Exchange: Finance Documents:
Group: Guarantee:
Guarantor(s): Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
Loan Security: Margin: Maturity Date:
NIBOR:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing flfld trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).
(if any subsidiaries of the Borrower (direct or indirect) are established) unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee(s) granted on a joint and several basis by the Guarantor(s) securing the Borrower's and /or the Guarantors' obligation under the Financial Documents.
(if any subsidiaries of the Borrower (direct or indirect) are established) all subsidiaries of the Borrower (direct or indirect) on a joint and several basis.
13 December 2007 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
17 December, 17 March, 17 June and 17 September each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the security assets securing the obligation of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement as set out in Clause 8.2.
5.50 percentage points.
17 December 2010. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page

NIBOR Reference Banks:
Operating Assets: Outstanding Loan: Payment Date:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
at 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.
ShOllld thfi COIltont9 o f tkc R.culcis NIRR page be changed
such that, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the intcr-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination in Oslo, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
the Borrower's operating and production equipment and machinery (driftstilbehør).
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Put Period:
Release Notice: Remaining Loan: Securities Depository: Total Assets: Vessel:

means (i) the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control Event occurs and ending sixty (60)
calendar days following such date or, if later, sixty (60)
calendar days following the notification of a Change of Control Event and (ii) the period commencing on the date on which a Change of Control Event occurs and ending sixty (60) calendar days following such date or, if later, sixty (60) calendar days following the notification that the Borrower will apply for listing its share on Oslo Børs (or any other stock exchange (cf. clause 13.1 (h)).
a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1.
the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").
the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets in accordance with IFRS.
means "MS Thorshøvdi", a bulk/general Cargo vessel currently under conversion into a purpose build Krill trawler vessel. The Vessel will have a production capacity o f 300 tones and 5-6,000 tones storage capacity.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 345,000,000 (Norwegian krone three hundred and forty five million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "FRN Krill Seaproducts AS Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2010".
The registration number (ISrN) of the Loan will be NO 001 040401.5.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used for (i) finance the construction of the Vessel included cost related thereto, and (ii) finance obligation under this Loan Agreement.

7

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) at the discretion of the Borrower.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability' of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-å-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange o f circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence o f the Loan Trustee in performing its functions
and duties under the I,nan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the
content o f the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf o f the Borrower.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(1) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower o f the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan, and
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Escrow Account has been opened, (ii) the Escrow Account Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the Escrow Account has been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its rights of set-off, and (v) no further security over the Escrow Account has been granted..
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Loan shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and the Bonds shall be made available to the Bondholders at
Disbursement Date
6.3 Before the first release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received evidence of the following:
(a) the Loan Security listed in Clause 8.2 (ii) being duly executed, enforceable and perfected;
(b) evidence that insurance of the Vessels have been arranged for according to industry practice;
(c) necessary corporate resolution from the security providers;
(d) written documentation evidencing that minimum NOK 180 million of equity of the Borrower have been paid into the Borrower;
(e) legal opinions in a form and content acceptable to the Loan Trustee from such jurisdictions and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia (i) due execution, perfection and enforceability of the relevant Loan Security and (ii) the valid execution by the security providers of the relevant Finance Documents.
6.4 In connection with any release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall in addition have received the following: (a) a duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release; and
(b) documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be applied in accordance with this Loan Agreement.
6.5 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that: (a) it is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted; (b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the
respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no
registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;

(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower o f the Finance Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;

(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse o f time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;

(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and
there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the
Finance Documents;

(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities
required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities
required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been
obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially an
adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition Of the Borrower or t s
ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents,

(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction'

1'(on behalf of

payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on

the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents,

(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under

^

passu with the claims of all its other

companies generally;

except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying

(l) ,,,, ftnano,at indebtedness have been secured in respec, of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement; and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the
Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security'
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations o f the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Loan shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including accrued interest and expenses shall be secured by the following which shall constitute the Loan Security securing the Borrower's obligations under this
Loan Agreement:
(i) from the Disbursement Date and thereafter:
(a) the Escrow Account Pledge.
(ii) from the first release of funds from the Escrow Account and thereafter:
(a) (if relevant) the Guarantee, (b) a first priority mortgage over the Vessel and related insurance to the Vessel
(the "Mortgage");
(c) a first priority assignment of the Construction Contract (the "Assignment of Construction Contract");
(d) a first priority assignment of the Equipment Contracts (the "Assignment of Equipment Contract");
(e) a first priority pledge over the Operating Assets of the Borrower (driftstilbehorspant) to be registered with the Norwegian Register of Mortgaged Moveable Properties (losoreregisteret) (the "Pledge of Operating Assets"); and
(f) a first priority assignment over relevant insurances related to the Vessel and the Equipment (the "Assignment of Insurance").
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in March 2008.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Change of
Control
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Bomnver may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option):
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) any time from Disbursement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in December 2008 at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in December 2008 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in December 2009 at 102.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(iii) any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in December 2009 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 101.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing o f lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10.3 If the Vessel is sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect of the Construction Contracts) at any time from and including Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall redeem the entire Loan as following:
(i) if occurring anytime from and including the Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2008, at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount; and
(ii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2008 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2009, at 102.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount
(iii) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in December 2009 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at 101.5 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
10.4 If a Change of Control Event has occurred, each Bondholder shall at any time in the Put Period have the option to (at each Bondholder's discretion) require early redemption of its Bonds (put option) at the price of 100% per cent of par value.
The respective Bondholder must notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Put Period of its election to require early redemption.
In the event of an early redemption of the Loan pursuant to this Clause 10.6, settlement shall be made three (3) Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.
14
\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 III thfi event that payment of Interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment
Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13,
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(h) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, immediately after the
Borrower becomes swere of it, notify the Bondholders (via the Securities
Depository), the Loan Trustee and (if listed) the Exchange thereof. The notice shall specify (i) the early redemption price, (ii) the Bondholders' entitlement to exercise their right to require redemption of the Bonds, (iii) the Put Period and (iv) details concerning the Change o f Control Event.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business,
in a manner which might jeopardise the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) ensure that all material Equipments acquired in connection with the Vessel situated on the premises of the yard at all times are segregated from other equipment and machinery at the yard and clearly marked as the property of the Borrower,
(d) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessel and all other Loan Security. The increased value of the Vessel is gradual and the insurance value will be increased gradually,
(e) not, within a calendar year, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with similar effect, e.g. TRS) or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders exceeding 50 % of the net profit after taxes of the Group (on a consolidated basis) based on the accounts for the previous calendar year. Any unutilized dividend capacity may not be carried forward,
(f) not make any financial agreements concerning the Vessel or its engagement which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under this Loan Agreement,
(g) except for described herein, ensure that no member of the Group shall grant any security, or allow any security to be granted, in assets that are or shall be pledged as security for the Loan,
(h) not make any arrangements which may jeopardize the Loan Security,
(i) not permit any equal or senior security in the Loan Security,
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) not permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is not satisfactory to the Bondholders right Under the Loan Agreement, and
(k) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course o f such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
13.3 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains an Equity Ratio of at least 30 %.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee o f the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that
SUCh failure shall not include failuies winch are remedied within 5 - five - Banking
Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The occurrence of an Event of Default shall be treated as Mandatory Redemption and the Loan shall be repaid in accordance with Clause 10.3.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee 16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement,
the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as: (a) change of Loan Trustee, (b) change of Borrower, (c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other
conditions, (d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital
reduction or conversion, (e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security
for the Loan, (f) declaring the Loan to be in default. The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions. The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that: (a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance
for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or (b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the
judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the
judgment o f the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and
legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower docs not increase the Outstanding Loan.
21

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request,
then the Borrower and the relevant Buml]iolder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof o f ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds. In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has. 17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, sec however Clausel8. Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8. 17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative, (b) change of borrower, (c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and
sccurity/collateral, or (d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance
for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy. Decisions made at a Bondholders'meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes o f the meeting.
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach o f the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - [ESCROW ACCOUNT]

Schedule 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

[Place and date]

Attn: [name]

Dear Sir,

RELEASE NOTICE

RE: LOAN AGREEMENT

We refer to the loan agreement dated 14 December 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") of NOK 345,000,000 with ISIN NO 001 040401.5 made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and the undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on _ _ _________ wish to draw NOK ____ __ under our account n o._______ (the Escrow Account) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction of the conditions of Clause 6 (cf Clause 8) of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release Notice.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event of Default or which by giving of notice and/or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting.

Yours faithfully, Krill Seaproducts AS

[signed by duly authorised persons with the Borrower]

Enclosure: [copy o f written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

26

