Execution Version ISIN N0001061I031
BOND AGREEMENT between
Jasper Explorer PEC ("Issuer") and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA ("Bond Trustee") on behalfof the Bondholders in the bond issue
13,5 per cent Jasper Explorer PLC Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016
#2980321/1

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. INTERPRETATION................................................................................................................3

2. THE BONDS..........................................................................................................................12

3. LISTING..................................

13

4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER............................................................. 13

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS...................................................................... 13

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT............................................................................................... 15

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES..................................................................... 17

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY....................................................................20

9. INTEREST.......................................................................................................... .................. 21

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION...........................................,...........22

11. PAYMENTS........................................................................................................... ..........:...25

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS...... .................................................. ,................... 26

13. COVENANTS.......................................................................:..............................................26

14. FEES AND EXPENSES.................................. .......'............................................,................ 34

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT..................................................................................

35

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING..............................................................................................38

17. THE BOND TRUSTEE......................................................................................................... 40

18. MISCELLANEOUS.............................................................................................................. 43

#2980321/1

This agreement has been entered into on 26 May 2011 between (1) Jasper Explorer PLC (formerly known as Jasper Explorer Ltd.) (a company incorporated in
and existing under the laws of Cyprus with registration no. HE267941) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and (2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with company no. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause): "Account Bank" means DnB NOR Bank ASA, United Overseas Bank (Singapore) Ltd or any other bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee (it being understood that first class international banks (having minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's) are deemed acceptable). "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register. "Account Pledges" means the pledges over the Accounts, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders). "Accounts" means any ofthe accounts ofthe Issuer, the Owner, and the Charterer including the Retention Account, excluding any account established to post cash collateral in respect of the Guarantee Facility. "Assignment of Drilling Contract" means the assignment of all rights of the Owner or the Charterer (as relevant) under any Drilling Contract having a duration of not less than 12 months (provided that an assignment is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Drilling Contract and tit being understood that the Issuer shall ensure that the Owner or the Charterer (as relevant) shall use reasonable efforts to agree a Drilling Contract that allows assignment) and applicable law), and the Owner or the Charterer (as relevant) shall give notice and use its best endeavours to obtain consent and acknowledgement of such assignment from the end-charterer, and the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to issue a quiet enjoyment letter on customary terms and reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee if so required by the end-charterer under the Drilling Contract. "Assignment of Earnings" means the assignment of all earnings payable to the Owner or the Charterer (including earnings under any Drilling Contract, charters and bare-boat agreements for hire) related to the Drillship, and the Issuer shall or ensure that the Owner or Charterer (as relevant) shall give notices and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties (including but not limited to under any Drilling Contract).
#2980321/1

"Assignment of Insurances" means the assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Drillship and the equipment related thereto, "Assignment of Receivables" means an assignment by way of security from the Issuer of all present and future intra-group receivables, including a right for the Bond Trustee to release those receivables on enforcement, and the Issuer shall give notices and obtain acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties. "Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement. "Available Free Cash" means the aggregate of (a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts of the Group with banks acceptable to the Bond Trustee (it being understood that first class international banks (having minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's) are deemed acceptable); and (b) time deposits of the Group with banks acceptable to the Bond Trustee (it being understood that first class international banks (with minimum "A" credit rating from S&P or Moody's) are deemed acceptable). For the avoidance of doubt amounts in the Retention Account shall be included in the computation of Available Free Cash. "Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments hereto, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16. "Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer. "Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and Singapore. For Norway, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open. "Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day). "Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2. "Cash Sweep Amount" means an amount equal to the aggregate of all free and unrestricted cash (for the avoidance of doubt, not including resolved but unpaid dividends) and cash equivalents of the Group, less the amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date following the relevant calculation date and less USD 20,000,000.
#2980321/1

"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Parent, For the purpose of this definition, "indirect" change of control shall mean a change of control in any direct or indirect subsidiary of Jasper Investments Limited holding the shares and/or voting capital of the Parent "Charter Contracts" means any charter contract for the employment of the Drillship, being both intra-group charters, and Drilling Contracts "Charterer" means Jasper Drilling Pte Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Singapore, with company registration number 200912819H, "Charterer Share Charge" means the share charge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) in the Charterer, together with, among other deliverables, letters of resignation (effective upon a Default) from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members. "Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature. "Default" means an Event of Default or any event or circumstance specified in Clause 15 (Events of Default) which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination under the Finance Documents or any combination of any of the foregoing) be an Event of Default. "Drilling Contract" means employment contracts for the Drillship with oil companies, to be entered into between either the Issuer or the Charterer. "Drillship" means the Pelican Class self-propelled drillship currently named "Jasper Explorer" registered in the name of the Owner under Singapore flag with call sign 9V7516 and IMO no. 7305980. "Drillship Management Agreement" means the technical and commercial Drillship management agreement entered into between the Owner and the Drillship Manager, whereunder the Drillship Manager will provide for the management and marketing of the Drillship. "Drillship Manager" means the Charterer. "Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
#2980321/1

"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and where the Account Bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights. "Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1. "Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds. "Existing Financial Indebtedness" means collectively (i) the facilities in the aggregate amount not exceeding USD55,000,000 made available by United Overseas Bank Ltd. to the Owner pursuant to a facility letter dated 6 May 2010 (as amended from time to time) by and between the Owner (as borrower) and United Overseas Bank Ltd. (as lender), and (ii) the USD 75,000,000 senior secured second lien notes due 2011 issued by the Issuer and constituted by a trust deed dated 5 August 2010 by and between the Issuer, the Parent and The Bank of New York Mellon. "Finance Documents" means (a) this Bond Agreement; (b) the Subordination Agreement; (c) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2; (d) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary
documentation relating thereto); (e) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond
Trustee; (f) any document designated as a Finance Document by any Obligor and the Bond
Trustee; and (g) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is. executed at
any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; (c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP in Singapore (IFRS adjusted), be treated as a finance or capital lease;
#2980321/1
V-.1
V,

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis;
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP of Singapore (IFRS adjusted);
(f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);
(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and
(j) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in (a) through (i) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer and the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statement of the Parent (as the case may be) for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP of Singapore, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors. "Floating Charges" means the floating charge or (in respect of the Issuer) a Cyprus law debenture (to include, if practically possible, a fixed charge over certain assets of the Issuer, the Charterer and the Owner) over all assets and equipment of the Issuer, the Charterer and the Owner, which to the extent possible will include IP-rights and operating manuals for the Drillship. "GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Singapore or Cyprus (as applicable) including the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time. "Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
#2980321/1

"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee from each of the Guarantors securing the Obligors' obligations according to the Finance Documents (including the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement), plus interest and expenses. "Guarantee Facility" means a bid-bond and/or performance guarantee facility limited to an aggregate amount of USD 10,000,000 for the purpose of (i) in respect of any bid-bond, secure bidding for any potential Drilling Contract having a firm duration of minimum 6 months, or (ii) in respect of any performance guarantee, secure the performance under any duly executed Drilling Contract having a firm duration of minimum 6 months. "Guarantors)" means the Charterer, the Owner and the Parent. "Interest Payment Date" means 27 May and 27 November each year and the Maturity Date, Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. "ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds. "Issue Date" means 27 May 2011. "Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence. "Issue»* Share Charge" means the share charge granted by the Parent and persons controlled by it (the "nominee shareholders") over all ofthe shares (100%) in the Issuer, together with, among other deliverables, letters of resignation (effective upon a Default) from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members, "Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities Asia Pte Ltd., 16 Collyer Quay, #27-02, Hitachi 'Power, Singapore, 049318 and RS Platou Markets (Asia) Pte Ltd., 3 Temasek Avenue, 20-01 Centennial Tower, Singapore, 039190. "Management Agreements" means any management agreement for the Drillship, including the Drillship Management Agreement or any substitution thereof (including as entered into by any Subsidiary of the Parent or the Issuer). "Mandatory Prepayment Event" means either one of the following events:
(i) the Drillship is sold or otherwise disposed of; (ii) there is a Total Loss Event; (iii) the Parent's 100 % ownership of the shares in the Issuer changes; (iv) the Issuer's 100% ownership of the shares in the Owner changes; or (v) an Event of Default occurs and is continuing.
#2980321/1

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) any Obligor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document. "Maturity Date" means 27 May 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention. "Mortgage" means the first priority Singapore mortgage over the Drillship (including all relevant equipment being legally part of the Drillship under Singapore law), including deed of covenants. "Obligors" means the Issuer and the Guarantors. "Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. "Owner" means Jasper Explorer Pte. Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Singapore, with company registration number 200912803K, being the owner of the Drillship. "Owner Share Charge" means the share charge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) in the Owner, together with, among other deliverables, letters of resignation (effective upon a Default) from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members. "Parent" means Jasper Offshore (Cyprus) Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number HE161654, being the beneficial owner of 100% of the shares and voting rights in the Issuer and registered owner of 99.9% of the shares in the Issuer, "Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees). "Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalfof the Issuer with respect to the Bonds. "Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest. "Project Documents" means:
(i) the Management Agreements; and (ii) the Charter Contracts (if any). "Prospectus Law" means the Cyprus Public Offer & Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005.
#2980321/1

"Quarter Date" means each 30 June, 30 September and 31 December. "Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer or the Parent (as the case may be) as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet and management commentary. "Relevant Record Date" means a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with a repayment in accordance with Clause 10.4.1. "Retention Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank in order to service interest on this Bond Issue. The account shall be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set off rights. "Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No, 64. "Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered. "Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4. "Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to this Bond Agreement. "Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (including any guarantee) created (or to be created) securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document, including but not limited to:
(i) the Account Pledges; (ii) the Floating Charges; (iii) the Share Charges; (iv) the Mortgage; (v) the Assignment of Drilling Contract; (vi) the Assignment of Earnings; (vii) the Assignment of Insurances; (viii) the Assignment of Receivables; and (ix) the Guarantees.
#2980321/1

"Share Charges" means the Issuer Share Charge, the Owner Share Charge and the Charterer Share Charge. "Shareholder Loan" means a USD 330,000,000 loan provided by Amethyst Capital Ltd. to the Owner and the USD 85 million seller credit provided by the Parent to the Issuer. "Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement, but shall exclude any entity undergoing liquidation proceedings. An entity or person shall always be considered to have a determining influence over another entity if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity. "Subordination Agreement" means a subordination agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee, the Issuer and the lender(s) under the Shareholder Loan, to include, inter alia, provisions on full subordination (both in terms of payment and priority) for the Shareholder Loan and no enforcement rights under the Shareholder Loan. "Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly, "Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Drillship. "US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America. "Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to
#2980321/1

such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).
2. THE BONDS 2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement 2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound
by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1, 2.1.2 The Bond Agreement is available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term of the Bonds. 2.2 The Bonds 2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 165,000,000 (U.S, Dollar one hundred and sixty five million) through a private placement directed to a limited number ofNorwegian investors and international institutional investors. The bonds will not be issued by way of public offer and nothing herein shall be construed as amounting to or otherwise permitting a public offer. 2.2.2 The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1 each and rank pari passu between themselves. The minimum initial subscription amount shall be USD 200,000, 2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as "13.5 per cent Jasper Explorer PLC Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016". 2.2.4 The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) ofthe Bond Issue will be N00010611031.
#2980321/1

2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. 2.2.6 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the
Issue Date. 2.3 Purpose and utilization 2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond
Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be exclusively employed as follows: (i) to refinance the Existing Financial Indebtedness; (ii) to fund working capital for the Drillship; (iii) to cover initial requirement of Available Free Cash and amount standing to credit of the Retention Account pursuant to Clause 13.4(b); and (iv) the remainder, if any, for the Issuer's general corporate purposes,
The employment of the net proceeds from the Bonds shall be satisfactory evidence to the Bond Trustee, 3. LISTING 3.1 The Issuer is under no obligations to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires (save for listing on any Regulated Market under the definition given to it in the Prospectus Law, which shall not be permitted), 3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER 4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities
Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register. 4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in
the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. 4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register, The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations. 4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
#2980321/1

5.1 Eligible purchasers 5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and
may be pledged. 5.1.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as
applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense 5.1.3 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB. 5.1.4 The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada, Japan, Australia or the Republic of Cyprus. 5.2 Transfer restrictions 5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged. 5.2.2 Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule I44A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available), 5.2.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued, 5.2.4 The Bonds are not offered for sale or subscription in Cyprus and may not be purchased or subscribed by investors located in Cyprus and accordingly nothing in this Bond Agreement shall constitute an offer of or an invitation by or on behalfof the Issuer to the public to subscribe or purchase any of the Bonds in Cyprus.
#2980321/1

5.2.5 Nothing in this Bond Agreement is intended to constitute or should be construed as constituting an offer of securities within the meaning of the Prospectus Law or the giving of investment advice or recommendation or as any advice on the merits of the issue of the Bonds or the exercise of any rights attaching to the Bonds or as authorizing the Issuer or any other person to perform any investment or financial services or activities or to act as securities broker or agent or investment advisor for which a license is required to be obtained pursuant to the provisions of the Cyprus Financial Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law No. 144 (I) of 2007.
5.2.6 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.
6, CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 6.1 Conditions Precedent for Issue Date 6.1.1 Issuance ofthe Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer's
Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date: (a) this Bond Agreement executed by all parties thereto; (b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses' and fees
set forth in Clause 14,2, duly executed; (c) certified copies ofthe constitutional documents of the Issuer; (d) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds
and to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents); (e) a certificate of change of name in relation to the Issuer, evidencing its conversion to a
PLC (f) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for its execution of the
relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents to which it is party), or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf ofthe Issuer; (g) to the extent necessary, any governmental approvals, consents, waivers and/or public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
#2980321/1

(i) the Issuer's and the Parent's most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(j) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(Jk) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee; (m) any Project Documents duly executed; and (n) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto
(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank).
6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6,1.1.
6.1.3 Disbursement ofthe net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in Clause 6.1,1 (to the extent applicable) have been delivered and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.1.4 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Managers shall on the Issue Date transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.
6.2 Conditions Precedent for disbursement 6.2.1 The proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised in accordance with the purpose of
this Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization). Any release from the Escrow Account is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer and the Parent in the form set out in Attachment 3 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Event of Default has occurred, or is likely to occur;

(b)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause2.3;

(c) satisfactoiy documentation evidencing that the Retention Account has been opened;

(d)

all Finance Documents and Security Documents (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1) are executed and all Security Documents are perfected (or will be perfected

#2980321/1

simultaneously with the release from the Escrow Account) in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents; (e) certified copies of the constitutional documents of the Guarantors; (f) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Guarantors to execute the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents); (g) a power of attorney from each Guarantor to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents (including any Security Documents to which it is party), or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of each such party;
(h) all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(i) a written confirmation in the form of a pro forma balance sheet dated on the Issue Date and certified by a director of each of the Issuer and the Parent showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents and the Shareholder Loan; and
(j) evidence that all insurances related to the Drillship pursuant to Clause 13.7 (b) have been taken out and a satisfactory insurance report from an independent insurance advisor appointed by the Bond Trustee confirming that the insurances are in accordance with the terms of Clause 13.7 (b).
6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6,2.1
7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status It is a public limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority
#2980321/1

It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents to which it is a parly and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents. (c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations The Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of lax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against such party and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document (d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by of the Finance Documents (to which it is party) and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or presentjudicial or official order binding on it or its assets; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on it or any of its assets. (e) No Event ofDefault No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute an event of default under any document which is binding on it or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect. (f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and/or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. AH authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required to cany on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect. (g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency (each an "action") is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a
#2980321/1

Material Adverse Effect, other than any action with no reasonable prospect of success and which is contested in good faith. (li) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another. (i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, it had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto. (j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect. (l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. (m) Intellectualproperty The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use.such assets. (n) No withholdings
#2980321/1

It is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement. (o) Paripassu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations under any Guarantee Facility (if applicable) and obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally. (p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement, save for Encumbrances relating to Financial Indebtedness which will be redeemed in accordance with Clause 2.3 {Purpose and Utilization), such Encumbrances to be released prior to or simultaneously with the release from the Escrow Account. 7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on the date of release from the Escrow Account. 7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1, 7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer or the relevant Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.
8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 8.1 Ranking and priority
8.1.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt and rank at least pari passu with all the claims of the other creditors of the Issuer (save for obligations under any Guarantee Facility (if applicable) and such claims which arc mandatorily preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
8.1.2 The Bonds shall be secured on a first priority basis by the Security Interest (save for as set out in Clause 13.6(b) (if applicable).
8.1.3 The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are duly executed by the Issuer and any other security provider in favour of the Bond Trustee (for itselfand on behalfof the
#2980321/1

Bondholders) and that the Security Documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect.

8.2 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default On either (i) completion of sale of the Drillship following an Event of Default, either by forced auction or private treaty, or (ii) receipt of monies from the enforcement of any Security Document, insurance proceeds or otherwise, as the case may be, such proceeds or monies shall be applied as follows and in the order mentioned:
(a) fainrsdtltyh;eiInssrueesrpewcitlloifnadlelmconisftys tahnedBeoxnpdenTsreusswteheaftosroeavllecroisntcsuarnreddexbpyetnhseesBionnadnTyreuvsetenet;,

(b) sinecciodnednltya,l tion trheespeencfot rocfemalelnct;osts and expenses whatsoever incurred in or about and

(c)

tdbhyeibrtdthsleyo;SweinecduororitrytotaDwkoaincrdugsmpserainottirssi)ftyasceitcniournreesdopfoencatltlohpefrsDiourrcihlclslpahriiompc;see(dbseionvgeranthyecsleacimursi,tylicaobnilsittiietusteodr

(d) fourthly; in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Documents; and

(e) '  finally, the balance (if any), shall be paid to the Issuer.

9. INTEREST 9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date
at a fixed rate of 13.5 percent per annum (the "Fixed Rate"). 9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first
Interest Payment Date being 27 November 2011.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

#2980321/1

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

Amount

Value

x Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in full on the Maturity Date at par (100%) plus accrued and unpaid interest.

10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the entire Bond Issue (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option):
(a) from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2013 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2014, at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(b) from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2015, at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(c) from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2015, at a price equal to 102,00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and
(d) from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 to, and including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100,00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.2.2 Exercise ofthe Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option,
10.2.3 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date
10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

#2980321/1

10.3 Change of Control 10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of
pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest). 10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of the Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible and in any event within two (2) Business Days after a Change of Control Event has taken place. 10.3.3 The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen (15) Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the prepayment request pursuant to Clause 10.3.2. 10.3.4 On the settlement date ofthe Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date ofthe Put Option. 10.4 Mandatory Redemption 10,4.1 Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem 100 % of the Outstanding Bonds at a price as follows:
(a) if occurring anytime from Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2013, at a price equivalent to the sum of: (i) the present value on the Relevant Record Date of 106 % of the par value (plus accrued interest) discounted from the Interest Payment Date 2 years after the Issue Date; and (ii) ItphnaetyemrpeesrnetstPseany(tlmevseasnltuaDenyaotenaicncthrMueeadRy e2bl0eu1vt3a,unntpRaiedcoirndterDesatt)e thorfouthgeh raenmdaiinnicnlgudicnoguptohne both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in May 2013) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(b) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2013 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2014, at a price equal to 106.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
#2980321/1
L

(c) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2015, at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(d) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in November 2015, at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and
(e) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 to, and including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(for the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price under this Clause 10.4.1 shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the redemption is carried out).
10.4.2 Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
10.4.3 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this clause 10.4, the entire amount on the Accounts may be used as partly payment for the redemption.
10.4.4 The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption according to this clause 10.4, at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption. On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date of such mandatory redemption.
10.4.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds,
10.5 Cash Sweep Prepayment 10.5.1 The Issuer shall twenty (20) Business Days before each Interest Payment Date calculate the
Cash Sweep Amount. Should the Cash Sweep Amount following such calculation be determined to be more than zero (a "Cash Sweep Event"), the Issuer shall apply the Cash Sweep Amount to redeem Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount). Any amount of the Cash Sweep Amount which does not relate to gross earnings from the Drillship may only be applied provided that Clause Error! Reference source not found. (Call Option) is complied with. 10.5.2 Such cash sweep redemption shall take place on the first Interest Payment Date after (if and when) the Cash Sweep Event, and then for the full Cash Sweep Amount as calculated on the
#2980321/1

relevant calculation date. No cash sweep redemption may take place prior to the Interest Payment Date in May 2012. 10.5.3 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through the Bond Trustee) in writing about any exercise of the cash sweep redemption at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date as set out in Clause 10.5.2. 10.5.4 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds in accordance with the procedures of the Security Depository. 11. PAYMENTS 11.1 Payment mechanics 11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register. II .1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but ifthe paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2. 11.2 Currency 11.2.1 Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer and no Event of Default shall be constituted by any such delay. 11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register, 11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred. 11.3 Set-off and counterclaims 11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
#2980321/1

11.4 Interest in the event of late payment 11A. 1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date,
the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 0 plus 5.00 percentage points, 11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full. 11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4. 11.5 Irregular payments 11.5.1 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer/any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders* accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers. 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. COVENANTS 13.1 General 13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of
the Bondholders), as further stated below. 13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement
and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver. 13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall (a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event
of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default; (b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
#2980321/1

(0) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(d) produce Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports and make them available on its website or on the Drilling Manager's website in the English language (in addition to sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they becomeavailable, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter (for Quarterly Financial Reports);
(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds; (f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of anycreditors'
notifications to the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity; (g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement; (h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; (1) promptly upon becoming aware of them, and without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against the Group or the Issuer Group, and other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect; and (j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation ofthe Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to cany out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1(d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13, Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the ChiefExecutive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
#2980321/1

13.3 General Covenants (a) Paripassu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for as set out in Clause 8.1.1. (b) Security The Issuer shall maintain the Security Documents in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority (save for as set out in Clause 8.1.1), at the expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be). (c) Project Documents (i) The Issuei' shall perform and observe and ensure that the Owner performs and observes all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the. terms thereof or otherwise, and take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents. (ii) The Issuer shall not: (A) dispose of (by operation of law or otherwise) any part of its interest under any Project Document; (B) amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under any Project Document or exercise any material option thereunder, except for amendments not having any negative impact on the value of the Drillship as contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents; (C) agree to the cancellation or termination of any Charter Contract or take any legal or administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Charter Contract, except in the event that it constitutes a substitution of the said Charter Contract which is acceptable to the Bond Trustee; or (D) agree to or permit the assignment of any rights or the delegation of any obligations under the Project Documents, save for as provided under the Security Interest. (d) Minimum liquidity The Issuer shall at all times maintain a minimum Available Free Cash of USD 10,000,000.
#2980321/1

13.4 Account Covenants (a) General (i) The Issuer shall open and maintain and shall ensure that the Owner and the Charterer opens and maintains all its Accounts with the Account Bank. (ii) The Issuer may transfer amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer on any Account to another Account or another Account Bank for the purpose of facilitating a time deposit, provided that such account is pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(b) Retention Account The Issuer shall deposit an amount from the first release from the Escrow Account equal to six (6) months interest on the Bonds in the Retention Account. Such amount shall be used to pay the interest payment due on the first Interest Payment Date. 13,5 Corporate and operational matters (a) Amendment ofconstitutional documents The Issuer shall not amend its constitutional documents unless related to the issuance of new shares to the Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, always provided that such new shares shall be pledged pursuant to the Issuer Share Charge, (b) Mergers, de-mergers, etc. The Issuer shall not merge, de-merge or carry out any other business combination or corporate reorganization involving inter alia the consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities, or the splitting of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities. (c) Continuation ofbusiness
(i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business, or change its type of organization orjurisdiction of organization.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Issuer from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(d) Single-purpose company and ownership
#2980321/1

(i) The Issuer shall maintain direct ownership over 100% of the shares and voting rights in the Owner and ensure that the Owner remains a single-purpose company owning and operating the Drillship and that the Owner maintains 100% direct ownership of the Drillship and all equipment related to the Drillship (save for immaterial equipment disposed of in the ordinary course of business).
(ii) The Issuer shall maintain direct ownership over 100% of the shares and voting rights in the Charterer.
(e) Disposal ofbusiness (TbiMnuhtteearnnnIodsasatlutloeirmreryoistrhRegadealdnlteionzmoatptthitesoieonDln)l,)ro.ilrulsnohlteihpse)srwotrhiseoepdBeirosapntiodossnesaor(feinalrcleodonerneaemcsetuidobnstianwnitftihualllapasinartleaoctfociotasrdtahasnisrcedetspw(airnittcyhluod1ri0na.gn4 (f) Party to the Drilling Contract aTnhde/oIsrstuheerCshhaalrlteprreorcaunrde tthheatcaonuyntDerrpilalrintyg. Contract will be entered into only between the Owner (g) Payments to the Drillship Manager AuTnhgdereeIersmsauneeynrt.oshfathllepMroacnuaregethmaetnatllApgaryememenetnststoatrheesDubroilrlsdhinipatMedatnoagtheer oorbalingyatrieopnlsacuenmdeerntthmisanBaognedr (h) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997. (i) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iit) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party. All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
#2980321/1

(j) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

13.6 Preservation of equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants The Issuer shall not:

(a) declare or make any dividend payments or other capital distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps, or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity, provided that:

(i) the Issuer may declare distribution of dividends up to 50% of its net profit (as shown in its audited annual financial statements) for the previous year on the following conditions; (i) the principal outstanding amount under the Bond is not more than USD 80,000,000 and (ii) compliance with all terms and conditions immediately subsequent to such distribution including compliance with Clause 13.3 (d). Any un-paid dividend reserve may not be carried forward; and

(ii) the Issuer may repay advances injected in the Issuer subsequent to release from escrow provided that (i) the distribution relates to advances which has been provided with the aim to ascertain compliance with Clause 13.3 (d), (ii) the Issuer demonstrates compliance in two succeeding calendar quarters subsequent to the injection of advances and immediately prior to the distribution that the Issuer has complied with the terms and conditions set out herein; (iii) immediately subsequent to such distribution, the Issuer will be in compliance with the terms set out herein;

(b) create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for:

(i) any Encumbrance contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

(ii) any Encumbrance arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business customary (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services), or

(iii) permitted security under the Guarantee Facility secured on first priority prior to the Bonds, being security over the Drillship and the insurances or cash collateral.

(c) incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or

i

unsecured) other than:

#2980321/1

(i) as arising under the Bond Issue, (ii) the Shareholder Loan (provided it is subject to the Subordination Agreement); (iii) derivative transactions in respect of currency and interest hedging; and (iv) as arising under the Guarantee Facility, (d) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance or support to the Parent or any of the Parent's Subsidiaries (from time to time) (except for the Issuer, the Charterer and the Owner) and/or any third party, except for: (i) guarantees issued to third parties in the ordinary course of business (including
guarantees relating to employment of the Drillship), (ii) any loan from the Issuer to the Owner for the purpose of mobilization costs and
other working capital matters, provided that such loan is subject to a security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee; and (iii) under the Guarantee Facility; (e) enter into any sale ".and leaseback transactions; (f) make any other financial or other arrangements concerning the Drillship and its employment (other than as expressly permitted in this Bond Agreement), which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement; (g) engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favorable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time; or (h) make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to the ownership in and operation of the Drillship and provided such investments or capital expenditures are fully pre-funded by equity.
13,7 Drillship Covenants (a) Maintenance The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of the Drillship and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. The Issuer shall ensure that the Drillship Manager and any replacement manager under any of the Management Agreements runs proper maintenance of the Drillship according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system.
#2980321/1

(b) Insurance (i) The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory insurance of the Drillship and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, and the Drillship shall be adequately insured against such risks, including but not limited to, Hull & Machinery, Protection & Indemnity as per industry standards (including contractual liability extensions) and War Risk insurance. The Issuer shall also provide for any additional insurance required under any law or Project Document. (ii) The value of the Hull and Machinery insurance shall at all times be at least equal to or higher than one hundred and twenty per cent (120.00%) of the aggregate outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents. (iii) The insurances, and any loss payee clause or similar'provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan, latest version (as amended from time to time) or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer). (iv) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as first priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee that the notice of assignment with regards to the Insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking confirming this are executed by the insurers, (v) The Issuer shall keep (and the Bond Trustee may effect, at the Issuer's expense), for the exclusive benefit of the Bondholders, a mortgagees' interest insurance for an amount equal to at least 120 % of the amounts under the Outstanding Bonds. (vi) The Issuer shall procure that the Drillship is always employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
(c) Title The Issuer shall ensure that the Owner will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Drillship and the insurances taken out in respect of the Drillship (if such insurance is not held directly by the Issuer), free of any and all Encumbrances except for those expressly permitted under this Bond Agreement. (d) Class, flag, name, registry
#2980321/1

The Issuer shall ensure that the Drillship maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in Singapore or such other registry confirmed acceptable to the Bond Trustee (who can rely on advice from professional advisers without any liability to the Bondholders or the Issuer). (e) Operations in accordance with laws etc. The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Drillship is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction. (f) Inspection ofthe Drillship Upon the request of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall arrange for the Bond Trustee and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee, to undertake a technical inspection of the Drillship without interference of the daily operation of the Drillship and at the expense of the Issuer (it being understood that the Issuer shall only bear the costs of one inspection a year, unless an Event of Default has occurred). (g) Condition The Issuer shall ensure that the Drillship is kept in a good and safe condition and that all repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.
13.8 Issu er Subsidiary Covenants (a) The Issuer shall procure that the Issuer's Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable) shall comply with the following provisions of Clauses 13.3- 13.7, so that all references to the Issuer are replaced with references to the relevant Subsidiary of the Issuer, save for Clauses 13.2.1 (d), 13.3(d), 13.5 (d)and 13.6(a). (b) Notwithstanding Clause 13.8 (a) above, the Owner and the Charterer shall be permitted to: (i) incur any Financial Indebtedness from the Issuer for the purpose of mobilization costs and other working capital matters; and (ii) provide security and guarantees for the obligations of the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under this Bond Issue.
14. FEES AND EXPENSES 14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and
fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating
#2980321/1

thereto, listing of the Bonds of the Exchange (if applicable) and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register. 14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders. 14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents, Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees. 14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14,1 and 14,3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders,
15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the
following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if: (a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date. (b) Breach ofother obligations Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten ~ Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee. (c) Cross default Any Obligor or any other Group Company, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 5,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
#2980321/1

(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made. (e) Insolvency If for any Obligor or any other Group Company:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets, (f) Creditors'process Any Obligor or any other Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets. (g) Dissolution, appointment ofliquidator or analogousproceedings
#2980321/1

Any Obligor or any other Group Company is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any other Group Company. (h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party. (i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings (each an "action") against any Group Company or any Obligor which, if adversely determined, is likely (in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer) to have a Material Adverse Effect, other than any action with no reasonable prospect of success (in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer) and which is contested in good faith. (j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (k) Repudiation Any Obligor or any other Group Company repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document. 15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessaiy to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document. 15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if: (a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from
Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders* Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
#2980321/1

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above. 15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a Mandatoiy Prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.4.1. 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting 16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community
in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds. 16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of; (a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or (d) the Bond Trustee. 16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed. 16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
#2980321/1
V

16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons,
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution ofthe summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been repotted to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders'Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10 The Bondholders and the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise, Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Bond Trustee shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.
16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings 16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond
owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the
#2980321/1

Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights. 16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot, hi case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not. 16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half(1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed. 16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5. 16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required: (a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor,
redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds; (b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or (c) change of Bond Trustee, 16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders
or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are
properly implemented. 16.3.8 The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders'
Meeting. 16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting 16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated
Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting. 16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented. 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
#2980321/1

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee 17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this
Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement; including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest» inform the Bondholders and the Paying Agent of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement. 17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting, 17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement. 17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification. 17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 formatters set forth in Clause 16,3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness, 17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. 17.1.7 The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3,5,
#2980321/1

17.2 Liability and indemnity 17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a
result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalfof the Issuer. 17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms ofthis Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result ofthe Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents. 17.3 Change of Bond Trustee 17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16, The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected. 17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable. 17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following tine Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement. 17.4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests. Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee. 17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations ofthe Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security
#2980321/1

Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee. 17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all ofthe Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf ofthe Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer. 18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 The community of Bondholders 18.1.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that (a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement,
access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards
the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
#2980321/1

18,2 Defeasance 18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged
(see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance"); (a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the
Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option); (b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case ifthe Defeasance Pledge had not occurred; (c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge; (d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor; (e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; (f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the
#2980321/1

jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18,2.1; (a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13,2, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i). (b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders; (c) any Guarantors) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect; (d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security- Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required; (e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof. Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
18.3 Limitation of claims 18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and
principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18,1979 No. 18. 18.4 Access to information 18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer, The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
#2980321/1

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
18.5 Amendments 18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise
provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto. 18.6 Notices, contact information 18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall
be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no. 18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee. 18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received. However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place,
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue 18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond
Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law. All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with
#2980321/1

jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Bond Trustee Position:
#2980321/1

Attachment 1
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

JASPER EXPLORER PLC BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2016- ISIN N00010611031 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD]. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that: 1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. 2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied; Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statement /Quarterly Financial Report] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully,

Jasper Explorer PLC (Cyprus)

Jasper Offshore (Cyprus) Ltd.

Name ofauthorizedperson
#2980321/1

Name ofauthorizedperson

Attachment 2

REPETITION OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +4722879410 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

JASPER EXPLORER PLC BOND AGREEMENT 20X1/2016- ISIN N00010611031

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalfof the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement

With reference to Clause 7,2 the Issuer hereby confirms and repeats the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 (Representations and Warranties).

Yours faithfully,

Jasper Explorer PLC

Jasper Offshore (Cyprus) Ltd.

___________________ authorized person

_____________________ Name of Name ofauthorizedperson

#2980321/1

Attachment 3

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +47228794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

JASPER EXPLORER PLC BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2016- ISIN N00010611031 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalfof the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on \date\ wish to draw an amount of USD [amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Jasper Explorer PLC

Jasper Offshore (Cyprus) Ltd.

Name ofauthorizedperson

Name ofauthorizedperson

Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

#2980321/1

\

