Execution Copy ISINNOOOl 0401680 ISINNO 001 040176.3
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Enovation Resources Limited (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders and the Warrantholders in the issue
11.00 per cent Enovation Resources Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants
C ^'

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan and the Warrants

9

3 Listing

11

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

11

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

11

6 Conditions Precedent

12

7 Representations and Warranties

15

8 Status of the Loan and security

17

9 Interest

18

10 Maturity of the Loan, Cash Sweep Amortization, Call Option, Change of Control and

Forced Exercise of the Warrants

18

11 Interest in the event of late payment

20

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants

20

16 Covenants

25

17 Fees and expenses

28

18 Events of Default

28

19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

30

201 Procedural rules

32

21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

34

22 Change of Loan Trustee

34

23 Limitation

35

24 Dispute resolution and legal venue

35

25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions

35

2
OHS LONDON;360095656. ] 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 27 November 2007 between Enovation Resources Limited (an exempted company organized under the laws of Bermuda, Company No 37341) as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription for the Loan, the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders and the Warrantholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders' subscription been granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Agreed Security Principles: the principles and understanding set out in the document attached as Schedule 5 hereto.

Bank Account Pledges:

first priority pledges over all bank accounts held by any member of the Borrower's Group as of the date o f this Loan Agreement with the exception of HSBC UK Bank account No: 43663272 (which shall not be pledged in favour of the Bondholders, and the balance of which shall not exceed GBP 15,000), the Escrow Account and the Cash Sweep Account.

Banking Day:

any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo (Norway) New York city (USA), Bermuda and London (UK).

BERR:

the United Kingdom Department for Business, Enterprise & Regulatory Reform.

Bondholders:
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 3 W J J

the holders of the Bonds. 3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Borrower's Warrants:

any Warrants owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.3.

Capital Payments

means those payments of a capital nature listed in Schedule 4 to this Loan Agreement.

Cash Sweep Account:

account(s) established in a Bermuda bank reasonably satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in the name of the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

Cash Sweep Account Pledge:the Bermuda law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Cash Sweep Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (including payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.

Change of Control Event:

(i) the approval by the Borrower's general meeting of a merger or amalgamation whereby the Borrower will merge or be amalgamated with another company (whether as the acquiring or the acquired company) if the outstanding shares in the Borrower immediately prior to the completion of such a transaction, or the consideration shares issued by acquiring entity in exchange for all the outstanding shares in the Borrower, (as the case may be) will constitute less than 50% of the total number of outstanding shares in the combined entity immediately after completion, (ii) the approval by the Borrower's general meeting of a de-merger of the Borrower, (iii) a sale in one transaction or a related series of transactions of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, and (iv) a resolution by the Borrower's general meeting to dissolve the Borrower.

Change of Control Put Period:

the thirty (30) calendar day period following the 4

OHS LO N D O N :360095656.1 J 7698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

notification of a Change of Control Event (cf. Clause 16.1 (h)) or an event as described in Clause 16.1 (i).

Contract Assignments:

means the assignments of the contracts described in Schedule 2 hereto.

Disbursement Date:

30 November 2007.

Equivalent Licence

means a UKCS licence(s) in which Sussex Energy Ltd or any affiliate acquires a net interest(s) equal to, or greater in aggregate value than, the value of a 100% interest in the Licence.

Escrow Account:

a USD account established in a Bermuda bank reasonably satisfactory to the Loan Trustee in the name of the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

Escrow Account Pledge:

Bermuda law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Borrower in the Escrow Account in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment of its payment obligations (included payment of principal, interest and expenses) under this Loan Agreement.

Event o f Default:

each event defined as an event of default in Clause 18.1.

Excess Cash Flow:

means, in respect of any member of the Group, net cash revenue of gas sales received from drilling wells PUD 7 and PUD 8 less operating expenses (including royalty payments) incurred directly in relation to PUD 7 and PUD 8, including taxes payable or expected to be payable directly relating to revenue from those two wells. The term "operating expenses" shall not include any depreciations, amortizations or financing costs, but shall include leasing, deferred payment, instalment credit and other similar expenses (whether understood to be "financing costs" or otherwise) related to equipment used primarily to drill, complete and tie back the aforesaid drilling wells.

Exchange:

a regulated market for securities (as defined in the EU's Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC).

Exercise Date:
OHS LO N D O N :360095656.i 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

the date falling 10 - ten - Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to
5
Cu

Exercise Period:
Exercise Price: Exercise Right: Finance Documents:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Clause 13.1.
the period commencing on the Disbursement Date and ending on the tenth (10) Banking Day prior to the date falling 10 years after the Disbursement Date (both days inclusive) during which the Exercise Rights may be exercised.
USD 12.50 for each Share, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15.
the right of each Warrantholder to exercise each Warrant at the Exercise Price to purchase 1 - one - Share, subject to Clauses 13, 14 and 15.
(i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) the Security Documents and (iv) any other document which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.

Financial Indebtedness
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 J.TJ/JJJ

any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract or other agreement which would, in accordance with the accounting principles applied by the Borrower, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 6

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

Founder Shareholders: Group: Guarantees: Guarantors:
Initial Investor: Interest Payment Date: Investor Presentation:
License: Loan Security:
Manager: Maturity Date:

transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); (h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; (i) shares which are expressed to be redeemable; (j) the amount of any liability in respect of any credit for goods and services raised in the ordinary course of trade outstanding for more than 90 days after its customary date of payment; and (k) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above. Bijan Khezri, Anthony Mackewn and Woodbridge Asset Management Ltd.
the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries (direct and indirect).
the guarantees described in Clause 8.3.
each of Enovation Resources Inc., Enovation Resources LLC, Enovation Resources Holding Ltd, Sussex Energy Ltd and Enovation Resources Pte Ltd.
Montrica Global Opportunities Master Fund.
28 or 29 (as the case may be) February, 30 May, 30 August and 30 November each year.
the Borrower's written investor presentation, prepared by Arctic Securities ASA, dated 1 November 2007, and delivered to the Initial Investor on 16 November 2007.
the P. 1417 License in UKCS Block 22/lb.
the security together with the documentation evidencing such security that secures the obligations of the Borrower under this Loan Agreement as set out in Clause 8.2.
Arctic Securities ASA
30 November 2012.

7
OHS L O N D O N :360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Outstanding Loan:

Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

Option Shares:

all existing rights to acquire shares in the capital of the Borrower in the future (including, for the avoidance of doubt, options to acquire 180,000 class A shares allocated under the existing employee stock option pool, 150,000 class A shares recommended by the Board to set aside in a new employee stock option pool, 416,000 class A shares allocated under the Option Agreement dated May 15, 2006 and 6,848 warrants outstanding).

Paying Agent:

the entity acting as registrar and paying agent on behalf of the Borrower in the Securities Depository, and as agent in connection with the exercise of the Exercise Right, being DnB Nor.

Payment Date:

in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal.

Permitted Transferee:

any person to whom Bonds, Warrants or Shares are validly transferred in accordance with this Loan Agreement or the bye-laws of the Borrower.

Release Notice:

a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account or the Cash Sweep Account in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Security Assets:

all and any assets creating security for the obligations of the Borrower or any other security provider pursuant to any of the Finance Documents.

Security Documents:

any document necessary to grant the Loan Security.

Singapore Bank Pledges:

first priority pledges over all bank accounts held by Enovation Resources Pte Ltd as of the date of this Loan Agreement, being USD Account No: 7214/011 0595795028 (Citibank) and SGD Account No: 7214/011 0595795-
8

OHS LO N D O N :360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ
CL

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Singapore Share Pledge: Share Pledges:
Shares:
Shareholder Facility:
Warrantholders; Warrants:

001 (Citibank).
a first priority pledge over 100% of the shares in the capital of Enovation Resources Pte Ltd.
first priority pledges over 100% of the shares in the capital of each of Enovation Resources Inc. (US), Enovation Resources LLC (US), Enovation Resources Ltd (UK) and Enovation Resources Holding Ltd (UK), Sussex Energy Ltd and the Singapore Share Pledge.
means the shares issued by the Borrower, being at the date of this Loan Agreement class A shares, and class B shares, as set out in the official share registry, and each with a par value of $0.01, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) of the issued share capital of the Borrower.
the standby, contingent loan and warrant facility established among certain founding shareholders of the Borrower , described in Part II of Schedule 3, and being subject to any obligation of the Borrower under the Warrant Facility ranking behind the Loan.
the holders of the Warrants, each a "Warrantholder".
means the rights to subscribe for new Shares pursuant to this Loan Agreement, each a "Warrant".

2 The Loan and the Warrants
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of USD 15,000,000 (U.S. Dollar fifteen million), herein referred to as the "Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and will rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "11.00 per cent Enovation Resources Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012 with Warrants".
The international security identification number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 0401680.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used solely for capital expenditures in connection with the Borrower's present and future exploration and development activities in the Gulf of Mexico (GoM), North Western Europe, Africa and Asia Pacific. For the avoidance of doubt this also includes general corporate purposes such as administration costs, payments to and remuneration of employees, interest payments, instalments and principal on Loan and other expenditures as required in the normal course of business
9
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
relating to the aforesaid exploration and development activities. Any other uses of purposes shall require the upfront approval of the Bondholders as provided in Clause 20. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Loan shall not be used for any such activities in any country or territory specified in the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") Country Sanctions Program from time to time, or any country in respect of which the United Nations or the European Union may impose trade sanctions from time to time.
2.2 By subscribing to the Loan, each Bondholder will be allocated 4,000 - four thousand Warrants for each allotted Bond, so that the total number of Warrants to be issued in relation to the Loan shall be 600,000.
For each Warrant, the Warrantholder is entitled to exercise the Exercise Right and with that the right to purchase 1 - one - Share at the Exercise Price on the conditions set out in Clause 13 (subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses 14 and 15).
2.3 The Initial Investor shall have the right, for as long as it holds 100% of the Bonds issued on the Disbursement Date pursuant to this Loan Agreement (excluding Borrower's Bonds), to participate on market terms and conditions in up to one-third (calculated by value) of the Borrower's next equity fundraising, if there is one, (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, on an initial public offering registered on an Exchange (an "IPO") or upon the exercise of any convertible securities exercisable for the Shares or class B shares outstanding on the Disbursement Date (including the Warrants or any Shares issuable upon exercise of Warrants under the Warrant Facility), provided however, that such right to participate shall always be subject to the bye-laws of the Borrower, the operation of Bermuda law and regulation and any obligations of the Borrower.
2.4 The Warrants may be traded independently of the Bonds and the Bonds may be traded independently of the Warrants; in any event, any redemption or repayment of the Bonds shall not affect the rights of the Warrantholders under the Warrants and any exercise of the Warrants shall not affect the rights of the Bondholders under the Bonds.
2.5 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Agreement, no transfer of the Warrants may take place, whether pursuant to Clause 2.4 or otherwise, where such transfer would breach OFAC regulations, applicable securities laws or regulations or, where regulatory consent is necessary, without such consent, without the prior consent of the Borrower.
2.6 If any Warrantholder intends to sell any Warrants during the period ending on the date falling 15 months after the date of this Agreement, it shall serve notice in writing on the Borrower (a "Sale Notice"), such Sale Notice to set out (i) the price at which the Warrants are proposed to be sold, (ii) the identity of the proposed transferee and (iii) any other terms and conditions agreed with the proposed transferee. Upon receipt of such notice the Borrower shall have the right to acquire for the account of itself or any third party nominated by it all, but not only some, of the Warrants proposed to be sold on the terms set out in the Sale Notice. This right of first refusal must be exercised by notice in writing to the Warrantholder no later than 15 Business Days after the date of the Sale Notice, failing which the Warrantholder shall be free to complete the proposed sale, subject to the provisions of this Loan Agreement.
10
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
2.7 The international securities identification number (ISIN) of the Warrants will be NO 001 040176.3
2.8 All payments from bank accounts in Bermuda to be made by the Borrower in relation to the Bonds shall be made without set-off (other than as expressly agreed herein) or counterclaim and free of and without deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, withholdings, charges and deductions of any nature now or hereafter imposed unless the Borrower is compelled by law to make payment subject to any such tax. In such event, the Borrower shall pay to the Bondholders such additional amounts as may be necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receives the net amount which they would have received had payment not been made subject to such deduction or withholding. Notwithstanding the above, the Borrower shall not have any obligation to gross-up any amounts payable to any Bondholder hereunder if (i) the Borrower is required by the laws of Bermuda to deduct withholding tax on such payment and (ii) the Bondholder is not a resident for tax purposes of the Cayman Islands. The Bondholders agree to use reasonable efforts to ensure that no withholding tax shall be payable with respect to payments made to Bondholders
3 Listing
3.1 The Loan and the Warrants will initially not be listed on an Exchange. The Borrower has no obligation to list the Loan, the Warrants or the Shares on any Exchange.
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan and the Warrants must prior to the Disbursement Date be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan and the Warrants. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall, pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations, monitor the Bondholders' and the Warrantholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
11
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder and Warrantholder meetings are
carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders and Warrantholders necessary information which is
obtained and received in its capacity as Bondholders' and Warrantholders' representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholders' and Warrantholders' representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders or the Warrantholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement.
The Bondholders cannot raise claims of indemnification against the Loan Trustee for decisions made by the Loan Trustee in the interest of the Warrantholders which could be in conflict with the interests of the Bondholders' or for decisions made by the Loan Trustee in the interest of the Bondholders which could be in conflict with the interests of the Warrantholders'.
The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information it has submitted to the Bondholders and/or the Warrantholders on behalf of the Borrower provided that it has been accurately forwarded by the Loan Trustee.
5.4 The Loan Trustee may, in the execution and exercise of all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it by this Loan Agreement, act by one or more of its responsible officers for the time being, and the Loan Trustee may also whenever it thinks it expedient in the interests of the Bondholders or the Warrantholders, whether by power o f attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it by this Loan Agreement. Any such delegation may be made upon such terms and conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Loan Trustee may think fit, acting reasonably, in the interests of the Bondholders and the Warrantholders and shall be bound to supervise the proceedings and shall be responsible for any loss incurred by any misconduct or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate.

6

Conditions Precedent

12

OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ
CL,

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan and issue of the Warrants will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date (copies of which documents shall be delivered at the same time to the Initial Investor):
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all corporate resolutions of the Borrower or any other party to the Finance Documents (other than the Loan Trustee, the Bondholders and the Warrantholders and, for the avoidance of doubt, only including members of the Group) necessary to issue the Bonds and the Warrants and to execute the Finance Documents,
(c) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation, Memorandum of Association and Bye-Laws of the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf of the Borrower,
(d) the latest available annual and interim reports (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(e) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.e. - confirmation from the Manager that the subscription documents have been checked and verified and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(f) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in the Securities Depository,
(g) written confirmation from an officer of the Borrower that the representations and warranties in clause 7 are true and correct as of the Disbursement Date,
(h) the agreement set forth in Clause 17.1, duly executed,
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(j) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Escrow Account has been opened, (ii) the Escrow Account Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the Escrow Account has been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its rights of set-off, and (v) no further security over the Escrow Account has been granted,
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Cash Sweep Account has been opened, (ii) that the Cash Sweep Account Pledge has been duly registered, (iii) the Cash Sweep Account has been blocked, (iv) the bank has waived its rights of set off, and (v) no further security over the Cash Sweep Account has been granted,
(l) the Loan Security listed in Clause 8.2 (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), except for the Singapore Share Pledge, duly executed, enforceable and perfected, and
(m) legal opinions in a form and content reasonably acceptable to the Loan Trustee 13
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
from such jurisdictions (limited, however, to English, Texas and Bermuda law) and advisers as the Loan Trustee may reasonably require, confirming inter alia (i) that the Borrower and any other security provider is legally incorporated and validly existing under its jurisdiction, and (ii) the valid execution by (1) the Borrower of this Loan Agreement, (2) the Borrower of the relevant Finance Documents, and (iii) due execution, perfection and enforceability of the relevant Loan Security.
6.2 Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out above, on the Disbursement Date:
(i) the Bonds and the Warrants will be made available to the Bondholders and Warrantholders (as the case may be), and
(ii) subject to the Trustee receiving written confirmation that the Warrants have been issued to the Warrantholders on the Disbursement Date, the gross proceeds of the Loan shall be transferred as follows:
(1) USD 5 million shall be made available to the Borrower, and
(2) USD 10 million shall be transferred to the Escrow Account;
provided, however, that if all the conditions precedent in clause 6.1 have not been satisfied by the Disbursement Date, USD 15 million shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Disbursement Date, of which USD 5 million shall be made available to the Borrower as soon as all the conditions precedent in clause 6.1 have been satisfied.
6.3 The funds held in the Escrow Account shall be released as follows:
(1) USD 5 million shall be released on the date on which the Loan Trustee has received documentation satisfactory (acting reasonably) to the Loan Trustee that the Gulf of Mexico license PUD7 is in production and the first gas has been delivered,
(2) USD 5 million shall be released on the date on which the Loan Trustee has received documentation satisfactory (acting reasonably) to the Loan Trustee that Gulf of Mexico license PUD8 is in production and the first gas has been delivered,
and, for the avoidance of doubt, such amounts will be released in accordance with the aforementioned, regardless of which of the requirements of (1) or (2) is satisfied first or, further, in the event both requirements are satisfied together. If neither of the conditions in (1) or (2) above are fulfilled by 31 December 2008, no amount maybe released from the Escrow Account and the balance of the Escrow Account shall be used to redeem outstanding Bonds at par (other than the Bonds issued with respect to Clause 6.2(ii)(l), which shall remain outstanding until the Maturity Date, or where the same are otherwise redeemed in accordance with this Loan Agreement), such number to be calculated (by reference to par value) by dividing the balance at the Escrow Account at the redemption
14
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ
C~.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
date divided by an amount equal to the sum of the par value of one Bond and any accrued unpaid interest on such Bond as of redemption date. The actual amount of the Loan to be repaid pursuant to this Clause 6.3 shall be determined by the Loan Trustee 10 Banking Days before the relevant redemption date by drawing of lots randomly between the Bonds.
6.4 During the period from the Disbursement Date until the satisfaction of the conditions listed in items (1) and (2) of Clause 6.3 and the release in full of the Escrow Amount to the Borrower, the Borrower shall be entitled to request the release of amounts held in the Escrow Account solely to pay for Capital Payments incurred by the Borrower's subsidiary, Sussex Energy Limited, after the costs associated with the acquisition of the Block (which costs (including the £415,000 referred to in Schedule 4), for the avoidance of doubt, will be made from existing Group cash flows and not from the Escrow Account), under the BERR approved work programme for the Licence (the "Work Programme"), described in Schedule 4 of this Loan Agreement, and the Loan Trustee shall comply with such requests upon receipt of documentation satisfactory (acting reasonably) to the Loan Trustee. Any Capital Payment requests in excess of the approved Work Programme or in advance of the time table set out in Schedule 4 will require the written approval of the Loan Trustee and the Initial Investor.
6.5 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving the documents listed in Clause 6.1 above.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that:
(a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the country in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; or (ii) its memorandum o f association, bye-laws or other constitutional documents;
(e) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of any document or agreement with respect to any Loan Security constitute a valid and enforceable security interest with agreed priority; 15
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
(f) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any of its assets, and which would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(g) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(i) all material authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect, or applications in respect of the same have been made, are in good order and reasonable detail has been provided as to the status of such pending applications;
(j) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the Borrower's reasonable knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its material obligations under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make from a bank account in Bermuda to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents other than any withholding tax which the Company may be required to deduct on payments to the Bondholders;
(l) the Borrower is not required to deduct any withholding tax on any payments to be made under this Loan Agreement to any Bondholder which is resident for tax purposes of the Cayman Islands;
(m) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(n) other than as disclosed in Schedule 3, as of the date of this Loan Agreement (i) the Borrower's Group on a consolidated basis has no single item of Financial Indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of USD 500,000, (ii) the aggregate of all items of Financial Indebtedness not exceeding USD 500,000 of the Borrower's 16
OHS LONDON:360095656,1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ
G

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Group on a consolidated basis does not exceed USD 1,000,000, and (iii) no Financial Indebtedness has been secured by any assets with are subject to any Loan Security on the signing date of the Loan Agreement;
(o) the information contained in the Investor Presentation is true, correct and not misleading as of its date of delivery to the Initial Investor; and
(p) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.3 The Borrower shall procure (i) that the Contract Assignments are established no later than the date falling 40 days after the date of this Loan Agreement and that the Singapore Share Pledge and Singapore Bank Pledges are established no later than the date falling 30 days after the date of this Agreement.
7.4 Except to the extent caused by the Loan Trustee's or any third party's fraud, negligence or wilful misconduct, the Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for direct losses suffered as a result of its reliance on the warranties provided by the Borrower.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan (including interest and expenses contemplated by the Loan Agreement, including without limitation any expense incurred in the valid enforcement of the provisions of this Loan Agreement) shall be secured by the following, which shall constitute security for the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement:
(i) the Escrow Account Pledge,
(ii) the Cash Sweep Account Pledge;
(iii) the Bank Account Pledges;
(iv) the Share Pledges,
(v) the Guarantees,
(vi) the Contract Assignments and
(vii) future assets of the Borrower or any member of the Borrower's Group in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles.
8.3 Each of the Guarantors guarantees as primary obligor and not merely as surety all o f the obligations of the Borrower hereunder, until such time as the Loan. Together with all interest payable thereon, has been repaid in full, at which such time this Clause 8.3 shall cease to have effect, such guarantees to be evidenced by the each Guarantor signing this Loan Agreement 17
OHS LONDON:360095656.i 17698-2 m a n

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
9 Interest
9.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Loan from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 11.00 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in February 2008.
9.2 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:
(a) the last day of the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the period is a day other than the 30thor 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or
(b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Cash Sweep Amortization, Call Option, Change of Control
and Forced Exercise of the Warrants
10.1 The Loan will run without instalments except as described herein and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 Any Excess Cash Flow shall be transferred monthly in arrears to the Cash Sweep Account and shall (together with any interest accrued on the Cash Sweep Account) on each Interest Payment Date be used to redeem a number of outstanding Bonds, such number to be calculated (by reference to par value) by dividing the balance at the Cash Sweep Account at the Interest Payment Date by an amount equal to the sum of the par value of one Bond and any accrued unpaid interest on such Bond as of the Interest Payment Date.
The actual amount of the Loan to be repaid pursuant to this Clause 10.2 shall be determined by the Loan Trustee 10 Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Borrower shall submit a draft calculation of such amount to the Loan Trustee no later than 20 Banking Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date. Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
In the event of any disagreement as the amount to be paid into the Cash Sweep Account, the Borrower may request its independent auditors to express its opinion as to the correct amount. If the Borrower makes no such request or if the Loan Trustee does not accept the opinion of the Borrower's auditor, a reputable accounting firm independent of the Borrower shall be retained by the Loan Trustee to determine the correct amount, acting as expert and not as arbitrator, and whose decision shall be final and binding on the parties to this Loan Agreement. Each of the Loan Trustee, the Borrower and each Bondholder shall be given the opportunity to present its views in writing to the auditors. The commercially reasonable costs of retaining the auditors for this purpose shall be
18
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
carried by the Borrower.
10.3 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option): (i) at any time from Disbursement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in May 2008 at 103 % of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount,
(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in May 2008 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 101 % of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed (the Bondholders to be notified in writing via VPS) no later than 30 (thirty) Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
If the Borrower redeems the entire Loan pursuant to this Clause 10.3, the remaining funds on the Escrow Account may be used as partial payment for such redemption.
In the event of an early redemption of the Loan pursuant to this Clause 10.3, settlement shall be made five (5) Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.
10.4 If a Change of Control Event or an event as described in Clause 16.1 (i) has occurred, each Bondholder shall at any time in the Change of Control Put Period have the option to (at each Bondholder's discretion) require early redemption of its Bonds (put option) at the price of 101% per cent of par value.
The respective Bondholder must notify the Paying Agent within the Change of Control Put Period of its election to require early redemption.
In the event of an early redemption of the Loan pursuant to this Clause 10.4, settlement shall be made three (3) Banking Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.
10.5 If the Shares are listed on an Exchange, have been to an average trading volume of no less than USD 1.5 million for the last thirty (30) consecutive trading days, and the closing price of the Shares has exceeded USD 25 on at least twenty (20) trading days within the period o f the latest thirty (30) consecutive trading days, the Borrower may require the Warrantholders to exercise their Exercise Rights at the prevailing Exercise Price (if the Shares are quoted in a currency other than USD, the exchange rate shall be the official reference rate provided by the European Central Bank). By acceding to this Loan Agreement, each Warrantholder authorizes the Borrower to exercise its Exercise Rights on its behalf if the conditions in this Clause 10.5 have been satisfied. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that such changes to the Borrower's bye-laws and
19
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
other shareholder documentation, and the execution of such powers of attorney by the Warrantholders, in each case as are reasonably necessary or desirable in order to give effect to the preceding sentence, will be executed and/or made prior to or as soon as reasonably practicable following the Disbursement Date, and that all parties hereto undertake to use all reasonable efforts to effect, and to give effect to, any such execution and/or changes.
If a Warrantholder that is also a Bondholder is required to exercise its Exercise Right pursuant to this Clause 10.5, that Warrantholder shall have the right, but no obligation, to sell (in part or in whole) its holdings of Bonds to the Borrower at the price specified in Clause 10.3 (i) and (ii) (as the case may be) (plus accrued interest on the outstanding amount), provided that the number of Bonds which each Warrantholder may sell pursuant to this provision shall be limited so that the net proceeds from such sale of Bonds shall not exceed the amount to be paid due to the forced exercise of the Exercise Right.
If the Borrower requires the Warrantholders to exercise their Exercise Rights pursuant to this Clause 10.5, the Paying Agent shall provide notice thereof to such Warrantholders. Simultaneously with such notice, the Warrantholders that are also Bondholders shall be informed of their option to sell their Bonds to the Borrower pursuant to this Clause 10.5. The settlement date for the sale of the Bonds pursuant to this Clause and the Exercise Right shall be the same.
10.6 Except as set out in this Agreement, the Borrower does not have the right to prepay or redeem any Bonds prior to the Maturity Date unless with the written agreement of the Bondholder(s) affected by such prepayment or redemption.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 18.1 (a), cf. Clauses 18.2- 18.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds and Borrower's Warrants
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own the Borrower's Bonds. The Borrower's Bonds may, at the Borrower's discretion, be retained, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan by the Borrower.
12.2 If the Borrower acquires any Warrants, such Warrants shall immediately be cancelled in accordance with Bermudan law.
13 Exercise of the Exercise Right 20
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ
C

Norsk T illitsm ann ASA
13.1 Each Warrantholder may exercise the Exercise Right at the Exercise Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Warrantholder at the time of exercise has the right to own Shares under Bermudan law and that the exercise o f the Exercise Right would not be void, voidable or unlawful under any applicable securities laws and regulations or OFAC regulations, and that notification has been given pursuant to Clause 13.2. The Exercise Right may be exercised in respect of some or all of the Warrants, and may be exercised in respect of different Warrants at different times.
The Warrantholder is on the Exercise Date entitled to receive 1 (one) Share per each Warrant. Each Warrant must be exercised in whole and cannot be exercised in part. Any adjustment of the Exercise Price (and thereby the Exercise Right) shall be calculated as stipulated in Clauses 14 and 15.
13.2 In order to exercise the Exercise Right, a Warrantholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent, acting on behalf of the Borrower, (via the Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice, a copy of which shall promptly be delivered by email or facsimile and also by post to the Borrower's company secretary at the following address:
Ms. Sandra Paynter c/o Appleby Services (Bermuda) Ltd. Canon's Court 22 Victoria Street Hamilton HM12 Bermuda
Exercise of the Exercise Right(s) shall be effected on the Exercise Date.
The relevant Warrantholder's account manager in the Securities Depository shall notify the Paying Agent of the request to exercise the Exercise Right(s) and shall simultaneously demand payment from the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by the whole number of Shares to be issued under the Exercise Right(s) to an account designated by the Paying Agent, the payment being due 3 (three) Banking Days before the Exercise Date.
Upon any exercise of the Exercise Right only whole Shares shall be delivered, and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be entitled to receive fractions of Shares. If a Warrantholder simultaneously exercises the Exercise Right for more than one Warrant, the Shares resulting from such exercise shall be aggregated with respect to fractions of Shares. Any remaining fractions of Shares after such aggregation shall not be claimed.
On the Exercise Date , the Borrower shall register the number of Shares resulting from the exercise of the Exercise Right in its register of members and the Paying Agent (acting on behalf o f the Borrower) shall credit the Borrower with the amount paid.
13.3 Subject to applicable securities laws and regulations and local laws, the Borrower is responsible for ensuring that:
(a) the Shares are duly issued to the relevant Warrantholder; and 21
OHS LONDON:360095656.) 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
(b) the Shares are registered in the name of the relevant Warrantholder in the Borrower's register of members.
13.4 Warrantholders shall, upon the exercise of the Exercise Right(s), obtain all rights as a holder of Shares in the Borrower upon the registration of the issuance of such Shares in the Borrower's register of members.
14 Adjustment of the Exercise Price/Exercise Right
14.1 If outstanding ordinary shares in the Borrower's share capital shall be subdivided into a greater number of ordinary shares or a dividend in ordinary shares shall be paid in respect of Shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision or at the record date of such dividend shall simultaneously with the effectiveness of such subdivision or immediately after the record date of such dividend be proportionately reduced. If outstanding ordinary shares in the Borrower shall be combined into a smaller number of ordinary shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall, simultaneously with the effectiveness of such combination, be proportionately increased.
14.2 In case of the completion of any reclassification of the Borrower's outstanding Shares, any reorganization of the Borrower, or any similar corporate reorganization on or after the Distribution Date (a "Reorganization Event"), Warrantholders exercising their Exercise Right after a Reorganization Event shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of Shares, the consideration to which such holder would have been entitled to receive in the Reorganization Event if such holder had exercised its Warrants immediately prior thereto, all subject to further adjustment as provided in Clause 14; and in each such case, the terms of this Clause 14.2 shall be applicable to the consideration properly receivable upon the exercise of a Warrant after a Reorganization Event.
14.3 In the event of a new issue of Shares (excluding Option Shares) in which all shareholders of the Borrower have pre-emption rights, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted as follows:
(i) if the Shares are listed on an Exchange, a new Exercise Price shall be calculated as follows:
(share price x number of shares before share issue) + (share issue price x number of new shares) New Exercise Price = --------------------number of shares before share}ssue+.number of new shares---------------------* old Exercise Price
Share Price
The share price used in the above calculation shall be the average o f the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the Exchange during the last five days on which the Shares are traded including rights.
22
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) if the Shares are not listed on an Exchange, each Warrantholder shall receive the same subscription rights as the shareholders of the Borrower, as if the Warrantholder had exercised its Exercise Right for all its Warrants effective from the last day on which the Shares are traded including rights.

14.4 In the event of any issue of any financial instruments other than Shares (including Option Shares) in which all existing shareholders have pre-emption rights , the Exercise Price shall be adjusted as follows:

(i) if the Shares are listed on an Exchange, and the rights are listed on such Exchange during the subscription period, a new Exercise Price be calculated as follows:

V1 ,, .

average price during subscription period

New Exercise Price = ------------------------------------------------------------------x old Exercise Price

average price during the subscription period plus

the averageprice o f the rights in the same period

The average price used in the above calculation shall be the average of the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares and the rights respectively on the Exchange during the subscription period. Days without trading are not included in the calculation.
(ii) if Clause 14.4 (i) is not applicable, each Warrantholder shall receive the same subscription right as all the shareholders of the Borrower, as if the Warrantholder had exercised its Exercise Right for all its Warrants effective from the last day on which the Shares are traded including rights.

14.5 In the event of any distribution being made in cash or in specie from the Borrower to its shareholders (whether in the form of a dividend payment, a share capital reduction, a de-merger or otherwise), the Borrower shall pay each Warrantholder an amount equal to the amount it would have received if it had exercised all its Warrants effective from the record date for such distribution.
14.6 If changes are made to the capital of the Borrower (other than those mentioned in Clause 14.1 - 14.5 above) on terms which would make the Shares to be issued on the exercise of the Warrants of a lesser financial value than the Shares held by all other shareholders as a result of such a change in the capital, the Loan Trustee shall determine a new Exercise Price. This also applies to other transactions, which materially adversely affect the financial value of the Shares which would be held by a Warrantholder on exercise of the Warrants. The principles expressed in Clauses 14.1 to Clause 14.5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause.

14.7 If an adjustment of the Conversion Price requires a conversion to USD, the exchange rate shall be the official reference rate provided by the European Central Bank on the date triggering such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, when calculating weighted averages over several days, each day should apply the official reference rate for that day.
23
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 1 7698-2 J J J /J J J

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
14.8 If BERR does not approve the transfer of the Licence, or Equivalent Licence to Sussex Energy Ltd and does not approve Sussex Energy Ltd as an operator or license holder on the UKCS, on or before 31st December 2008, then from such date the Exercise Price shall be reduced from USD 12.50 to USD 6.25.
14.9 When any adjustment is required to be made in the Exercise Price under the provisions of this Agreement, the number Warrants shall be changed to the number determined by dividing (i) an amount equal to the number of Warrants outstanding immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment, by (ii) the Exercise Price in effect immediately after such adjustment.
14.10 If any disagreement should arise between the Loan Trustee and the Borrower as to any adjustment pursuant to this Chapter 14, the Borrower may request its independent auditors to express its opinion as to the correct adjustment. If no such request is made or if the Loan Trustee does not agree with the opinion of the Borrower's auditors, a reputable accounting firm independent of the Borrower shall be retained by the Loan Trustee to determine the adjustment, acting as expert and not as arbitrator, and whose decision shall be final and binding on the parties to this Loan Agreement. Each of the Loan Trustee, the Borrower and each Warrantholder shall be given the opportunity to present its views in writing to the auditors. The commercially reasonable costs of retaining the auditors for this purpose shall be carried by the Borrower.
15 Merger and De-merger
15.1 If the Borrower decides on a statutory merger or amalgamation (in accordance with prevailing legislation from time to time) in which the Borrower is the acquired company, the Warrants shall, on completion of the merger or amalgamation, be transformed to rights to subscribe for shares (warrants) in the acquiring or amalgamating company, on terms adjusted for the exchange ratio applied in the merger or amalgamation.
The Warrantholders shall receive written notification of the proposed merger or amalgamation from the Borrower through the Securities Depository no later than 5 (five) Banking Days after the Borrower's board of directors has approved the merger or amalgamation.
15.2 Should the Borrower decide on a merger, in which the Borrower is the acquiring company, and shareholders in the acquired company receive settlement in the form of Shares or a combination of Shares and cash, no adjustment will be made to the Exercise Price.
15.3 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion of the Loan Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, such adjustments to the Exercise Right and the Exercise Price shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause 14 as the Loan Trustee in its reasonable opinion shall consider appropriate.
24
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
16 Covenants
16.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 18 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower knows or would be reasonably expected to know will lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make audited annual and unaudited interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively, the Borrower may comply by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 180 days after the end o f the financial year and not later than 80 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance of the Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications regarding the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 16.1(b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 16,
(h) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, immediately after the Borrower becomes aware of it, notify the Bondholders (via the Securities Depository), the Loan Trustee and (if listed) the Exchange thereof. The notice shall specify that each Bondholder has the right to (option) early redemption of its Bonds in accordance with the terms of Clause 10.4. The notice shall also include details concerning the potential Change of Control Event, and
(i) the provisions of Clause 16.1(h) shall also apply to the extent that holders of Shares, or a group of such holders acting in concert, excluding the Initial Investor and the Founder Shareholders (in each case, including any of their affiliates and connected persons and, in the case of the Initial Investor, their Permitted Transferees), acquires Shares capable of carrying 40% of the votes at a general meeting of the Company.
16.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless agreed otherwise by the Loan Trustee or at the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be and, in any event, pursuant to the terms of this Loan Agreement)) comply with the following general covenants:
25
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

(a) not cease to carry on its business, (b) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall:
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business, in a manner which would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to comply with its obligations under this Loan Agreement,

(c) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of business of such member of the Group and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time, provided that the Borrower shall be entitled to maintain arrangements existing as o f the date of this Loan Agreement which were disclosed to the Initial Investor prior to the date of this Agreement,

(d) not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with similar effect, e.g. TRS) or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders,

(e) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, incur any Financial Indebtedness, provided, however, this obligation shall not apply to:

(i) (ii) (iii) (iv)
(v) (vi)
(vii) (viii)
(ix)

any Financial Indebtedness described on Schedule 3 hereto; any Financial Indebtedness that has a maturity date falling after the Maturity Date and is fully subordinated to the Loan; any Financial Indebtedness which is used exclusively for the purpose of redeeming Bonds in the Loan in accordance with clause 10.3; any trade credit extended by any member of the Group to its customers on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary course of its trading activities; any loan made or credit afforded from one member of the Group to another member of the Group; any loan constituting deferred consideration on any disposal of assets permitted by this Agreement until the date which is six months after the date of the relevant disposal; Any Financial Indebtedness arising under a hedging transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business; Financial Indebtedness under any guarantee issued on arm's length terms and in the ordinary course of business and not in respect of any monies borrowed by any member of the Group; Any guarantee for any Financial Indebtedness permitted by this clause 16.2
(e);
26

OHS LONDON:360095656.S 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

(x) (xi) (xii) (xiii)
(xiv)

Any Financial Indebtedness existing prior to of the date of this Loan Agreement, for avoidance of doubt, including pursuant to the Warrant Facility; Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment or computers; Financial Indebtedness rising under any customary cash pooling or management arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of business; any loan not falling within paragraphs (i) - (xi), the aggregate principal amount of which at any time does not, when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of the Financial Indebtedness under any such loans exceed USD 2,500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies); the Loan and the Loan Security.

(f) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets, provided, however, this obligation shall not apply to:
(i) Any security of the Security Assets with priority behind the Loan Security subject to the entry into an inter-creditor agreement satisfactory to the Loan Trustee;
(ii) Any security over the Security Assets ranking pari passu with the Loan Security if such security solely secures Financial Indebtedness permitted by Clause 16.2 (e) (ii);
(iii) Any security over assets other than the Security Assets for Financial Indebtedness permitted by clause 16.2 (e);
(iv) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Group;
(v) any retention of title arrangements and rights of set-off arising in the ordinary course of trading with suppliers of goods to any member of the Group and not as a result of any default or omission by any member o f the Group;
(vi) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into under a hedging transaction entered in the ordinary course of business where the obligations of the parties are calculated by reference to net exposure under that hedging transaction; or
(vii) the Loan Security.
(f) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of any Security Assets which by their nature require maintenance or which according to customary business practice would be covered by insurance, and
(g) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, make any arrangements which would be reasonably likely to jeopardize the Loan Security
27
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.3 The covenants in this chapter 16 are given by the Borrower in favour of the Bondholders only, and shall not create any rights for the Warrantholders.
17 Fees and expenses
17.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, as set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as the preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any documentation relating to the Loan Security), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable), the reasonable costs of obtaining legal opinions as required by clause 6.1 (m) and the registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
17.3 The Borrower shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise required by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for the deduction at source of any withholding payable pursuant to law.
17.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 17.2 and 17.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover necessary and reasonable extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 22.2.
18 Events of Default
18.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default by the Loan Trustee upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default), provided always that reasonably prompt written notice of the same has been delivered to the Borrower,:
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Documents; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 (five) Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other material covenant or obligation, to be performed under the Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 30 (thirty) Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of US$ 1 million - or the
28
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

N orsk Tillitsm ann ASA
equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due and is not remedied within any originally applicable grace period (save to the extent that such matter is being disputed in good faith),
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an Event of Default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member of the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of its assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent liabilities, to the extent such matters would be required to be disclosed in the audited accounts of the Borrower, and any intra-group arrangements (including intra-group guarantees)),
(iii) a moratorium is declared in respect of its indebtedness, or
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distress,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other 29
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJ3

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its Security Assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading when made or deemed to be made except where this would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to perform its obligations under this Loan Agreement.
18.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
18.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 occurs, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who have made a demand in accordance with sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
18.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 18.2 or 18.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for immediate payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
18.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
18.6 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and other than with regard to those matters referred to in 18.1 (a), (d) and (e), the Borrower shall be permitted 21 Business Days in which to correct all Events of Default, in which such case, the aforementioned provisions of this Clause 18 shall not apply to such corrected default.
19 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee 30
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
19.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or this Loan Agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approving the sale o f or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan, and
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
19.2 The Loan Trustee can, of its own accord make a decision as mentioned in Clause 19.1(d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, o f importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, adequate security for due and correct repayment of the Remaining Loan.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 19.1(c), provided that the matters in question are, in the Loan Trustee's reasonable opinion, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee on it, and shall also confirm that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone should any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 (five) Banking Days from the dispatch of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that may give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
31
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19.3 The Loan Trustee is tree to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
19.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
19.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 19.1 and 19.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
19.6 If any consent of the Warrantholders is required to a variation of their rights hereunder, such consent shall be given by the Warrantholders' Meeting. Clauses 19.4 and 19.5 shall apply to any decision made by the Warrantholders' Meeting.
20 Procedural rules
20.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request for a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
20.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 20.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 20.3.
20.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also
32
OHS LONDON: 360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.

The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and confirm that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change to the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.

If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 21, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.

20.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.

The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.

The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.

20.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.

20.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 20.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.

The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.

33
OHS LONDON:36009 5656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

<Sv_

Norsk Tillitsm ann ÅSA
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
20.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clause 21.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority o f those interests present and voting, see however Clause 20.8.
20.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and the general description of the security/collateral,
(d) changes to the Borrower's corporate or business structure which are of material importance for the Borrower's fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(e) determining that there has been an Event of Default where the approval of the Bondholders' meeting is required in accordance with clause 18.3 (b).
20.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
21 Repeated Bondholders' meeting or Warrantholders' meeting
21.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting or Warratholders' meeting (as the case may be) at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
22 Change of Loan Trustee
34
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
22.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders or Warrantholders in accordance with sub-clause 20.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting or Warratholders' meeting (as the case may be) to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting or Warratholders ' meeting (as the case may be) a proposal for a new loan trustee. The Bondholders, the Warrantholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders, the Warrantholders, and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting or Warratholders' meeting (as the case may be), be notified of the decision and the date on which the change o f loan trustee becomes effective.
22.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the Bondholders or Warrantholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 17.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
22.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting or Warratholders' meeting (as the case may be, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
23 Limitation
23.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
24 Governing Law, dispute resolution and legal venue
24.1 This Loan Agreement shall be governed in accordance with Norwegian law. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Loan Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Norwegian Arbitration Act 2004.
24.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
25 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
35
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
25.1 The Bonds and Warrants are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors that are not "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each investor that wishes to purchase Bonds and Warrants will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds and Warrants may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
25.2 Bondholders and Warrantholders will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds or the Warrants except (a) to a person that the such holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, or (b) to a person whose ordinary activities involves acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments for the purpose of its business.
25.3 Bondholders, Warrantholders and Shareholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds, the Warrants or the Shares except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the such holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
25.4 The Bonds and Warrants may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds or Warrants were originally issued.
36
OHS LONDON.360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Ner&k T ilfiism asm ASA

2;TNovember 2007
Enov^iion Mmmugm Limited ' * Brnmmi

Norsk TiHifsmann ASA i ,onn Trustee

C *«® raiilors:

Enovation Resources LLC

Enwvafictn Resources Holding Ltd

Sussex Energy Ltd

t * * re«-
innovation Resources Ptc Ltd

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - [ESCROW ACCOUNT]

Schedule 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
RELEASE NOTICE Dear Sir, RE: USD 15,000,000 LOAN AGREEMENT

[Place and date]

We refer to the loan agreement dated [ · ] November 2007 (the "Loan Agreement") of USD 15,000,000 with ISIN NO 001 [ · ] made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and the undersigned as Borrower, in respect of the Loan.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on______________wish to draw USD______ under our account no._______ (the [Escrow Account]) for the purpose pursuant to the purpose of the Loan, and ask you irrevocably upon our satisfaction of the conditions of Clause 6 (cf Clause 8) of the Loan Agreement to instruct the bank to unblock the above amounts according to this Release Notice.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred which constitutes an Event of Default or which by giving of notice and/or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default, and (ii) our representations contained in the Loan Agreement are true and accurate at the time hereof with reference to the facts now subsisting.

Yours faithfully, Enovation Resources Limited

[signed by duly authorised persons with the Borrower]

Enclosure: [copy of written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

38
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Schedule 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
SCHEDULE OF AGREEMENTS/LICENCES RELATING TO ENOVATION RESOURCES GROUP OF COMPANIES
Documentation regarding Existing Prospects Participation Agreement between Breton Energy LLC (formerly known as Mission Exploration LLC), Enovation Resources LLC and Enovation Resources Inc dated November 19,2007 Documentation regarding Future Prospects Right of First Refusal Agreement between Mission Exploration LLC and Enovation Resources Inc dated 28th June 2006 Services Agreement between Mission Exploration LLC and Enovation Resources Inc dated 28th June 2006
39
OHS LONDON:360095656.J 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

Schedule 3, Part I

INFORMATION ABOUT PENDING OPERATIONAL EXPENSES RELATED TO EXPLORATION OR BOND LOAN

Participation Agreement - 3 wells in GoM*

Breton Energy LLC

AFE for PUD 7 (inc completion)

AFE for PUD 8 (inc completion)

AFE for Epsilon (dry hole cost)

2,077,461 2,405,727 1,347,096

Seismic data to be acquired on approval of transfer of Licence P1417*

Veritas DGC Ltd

Q22/lb data licence (£327,421)

671,213

Joint Study - Natuna - Initial Payments* Carnarvon Petroleum Ltd Natuna

Australian Seismic Brokers Pty Ltd, Natuna

Prospecting in the UKCS

OHM Ltd

UK EM

Bond and Warrant Facility (estimates)

Arctic Securities ASA

Placement fee

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

DnB NOR Bank ASA

Account Manager

Various

Legal Fees

75,000 7,593
80,167
101,270
375,000 27,500
tba 150,000

* Further Financial Indebtedness maybe incurred, in the ordinary course of business, based on subsequent events

40
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Schedule 3, Part II SCHEDULE OF EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS ENOVATION RESOURCES GROUP OF COMPANIES
Existing Outstanding Facility A $1,500,000 standby Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated February 6, 2006 by and between Enovation Resources Ltd., and Woodbridge Asset Management Ltd and Mr. Bijan Khezri. If the Company draws down on a note, the interest on the note issued will be 13%, and the notes will be outstanding for two years. The warrant will be issued simultaneously at 10% o f principal amount of the notes with a strike price equal to the current fair market value i.e. $12.50 per share. The warrant will be outstanding for 10 years. There are no notes outstanding under this facility as of today.
Shareholders Facility A $8,500,000 standby General Shareholder Loan Agreement dated as of November 20, 2007 by and between Enovation Resources Ltd. and certain of its existing beneficial owners, for the sole purpose to execute the work program filed with BERR under license P1417 on block 22/lb. If the Company draws down on a note, the interest on the note issued will be 11%, and the notes will be outstanding for two years, however the Company has a right to prepay any and all of the notes. The warrant will be issued at approximately 22.1% of principal amount of the notes and be issued at current fair market value, i.e. $12.50 per share, and will be outstanding for 10 years. There is a 2.65% facility fee payable in three equal quarterly payments starting on Nov 20, 2007. The Shareholders Facility is underwritten by certain of its existing beneficial owners, but will be offered on a pro-rata basis to all existing shareholders.
41
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ
(X

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Schedule 4

ENOVATION RESOURCES LTD. (PARENT COMPANY OF SUSSEX ENERGY LTD)

Planned Licence work program expenditure on and after block acquisition (assumed Dec 07)

On acquisition of block

Year ( upit ll OXIk idling i'

! 2007

£415,000

Description Seismic data purchase

Maintenance expenditure
£0

Description

I After acquistion of block Year Capital expenditure

Description

Maintenance expenditure

Desenptii n

2008

zero

£15,000

Licence fe e s

2009

zero

£15,000

Licence fe e s

| 2010

£7,000,000

Well; Drill or drop

£15,000

Licence fe e s

|

42
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tiliitsm ann ASA

Schedule 5

AGREED SECURITY PRINCIPLES

1.

Certain Principles

The Borrower and the Bondholders have agreed and acknowledged that their rights and obligations under the Finance Documents in respect of any Loan Security to be granted pursuant to Clause 8.2 (vii) of the Loan Agreement, shall be subject to and limited by the Agreed Security Principles. The Agreed Security Principles embody the recognition by all parties that there may be certain legal and practical difficulties in obtaining effective security from all members of the Group in every jurisdiction in which members of the Group are or may in the future be located. In particular:
(a) general statutory limitations, financial assistance, capital maintenance, corporate benefit, fraudulent preference, thin capitalization rules, retention of title claims and similar principles may limit the ability of a member of the Group to provide a guarantee or security or may require that the guarantee or security be limited by an amount or otherwise. If any such limit applies, the guarantees and security provided will be limited to the maximum amount which the relevant member of the Group may provide having regard to applicable law (including any jurisprudence) and subject to fiduciary duties of management;

(b) the giving of a guarantee, the granting and the terms of security or the perfection of the security granted will not be required to the extent that it would incur any legal fees, registration fees, stamp duty, taxes and any other fees or costs directly associated with such security or guarantee which are disproportionate to the benefit obtained by the Bondholders;

(c) where there is material incremental cost involved in creating security over all assets owned by a Subsidiary in a particular category the principle stated at paragraph (b) above shall apply and, subject to the Agreed Security Principles, only the material assets in that category shall be subject to security;

(d) in certain jurisdictions it may be either impossible or impractical to grant guarantees or create security over certain categories of assets in which event such guarantees will not be granted and security will not be taken over such assets;

(e) any assets subject to third party arrangements which may prevent those assets from being charged will be excluded from any relevant security document provided that, if the relevant asset is material and such endeavours are not reasonably likely to jeopardise commercial relationships with third parties, the relevant member of the Group will use reasonable endeavours to obtain any necessary consent or waiver;

(f) members of the Group will not be required to give guarantees or enter into security documents if it is not within the legal capacity of the relevant members of the Group or if, in the reasonable opinion of the directors of the relevant members of the Group, the same would conflict with the fiduciary duties of those directors or contravene any legal prohibition or result in personal or criminal liability on the

43
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

part of any officer or result in any significant risk of legal liability for the directors of any Group company;

(g) the terms of the security should not be such that, in the reasonable opinion of management of the relevant member of the Group, they materially restrict the running of the business of or materially adversely affect the tax arrangements of the relevant member of the Group in the ordinary course as otherwise permitted by the Finance Documents;

(h) the security will be first ranking, to the extent possible;

(i) information, such as lists of assets, will be provided if and only to the extent, required by local law to be provided to perfect or register the relevant security interests and, unless required to be provided by local law more frequently, will be provided annually;

(j) the perfection of security interests granted will not be required if it would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the relevant guarantor to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course as otherwise permitted by the Finance Documents, provided that the guarantor shall be obliged to take all reasonable steps to avoid such effect in order to enable perfection;

(k) the maximum guaranteed or secured amount may be limited to minimise stamp duty, notarisation, registration or other applicable fees, taxes and duties where the benefit of increasing the guarantee or secured amount is disproportionate to the level of such fees, taxes and duties;

(l) no perfection action will be required in jurisdictions where a Guarantor or the relevant security asset is not located (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, Norway);

(m) the Loan Trustee will hold one set of security interests for the Bondholders; and
(n) pledges over shares in joint ventures or the assets owned by such joint venture vehicles will not be required.

2.

Terms of Guarantee and Security Documents

The following principles will be reflected in the terms of any guarantee and or security taken

as part of this transaction:

(a) no claims will be made under guarantees, and security will not be enforceable, until an Event of Default has occurred and notice of acceleration has been given by the Loan Trustee (together, an "Enforcement Event");
(b) no notices of pledges or security interests will need to be delivered to third parties until an Event of Default has occurred and notice o f acceleration has been given by the Loan Trustee unless required in order to perfect the security interest;

44
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA

(c) the Bondholders will not have any rights to vote any of the shares held by the Group which are pledged to them or to block any funds being transferred between Group members prior to the date on which an Event of Default has occurred and notice of acceleration has been given by the Loan Trustee;

(d) the security documents should only operate to create security rather than to impose new commercial obligations. Accordingly, they will not contain additional representations or undertakings (such as in respect of insurance, further security, information or the payment of costs) unless these are required for the creation or perfection of the security or are market standard in the relevant jurisdiction. The security documents shall not contain repeating representations;

(e) the Loan Trustee should only be able to exercise any power of attorney granted to it under the security documents following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of which notice of acceleration has been given under the Loan Agreement or material failure to comply with a duly requested further assurance or perfection obligation;

(f) the security documents should not operate so as to prevent transactions which are permitted under the Loan Agreement or to require additional consents or authorisations;

(g) the security documents will permit disposals of assets where such disposal is permitted under the Loan Agreement and will include assurances for the security agent to do all things reasonably requested to release security in respect of the assets the subject of such disposal; and

(h) the security documents will not accrue interest on any amount in respect of which interest is accruing under the Loan Agreement.

3.

Guarantees/Security

(a) Subject to the due execution of all relevant security documents, completion of relevant perfection formalities within statutorily prescribed time limits, payment of all commercially reasonable registration fees and documentary taxes, any other rights arising by operation of law, obtaining any relevant foreign legal opinions and subject to any qualifications which may be set out in the Loan Agreement and any relevant legal opinions obtained and subject to the requirements of the Agreed Security Principles, it is further acknowledged that the Loan Trustee shall:

(i)

receive the benefit of an upstream, cross stream and downstream

guarantee and the security will be granted to secure all liabilities of the

Subsidiaries under the Finance Documents subject to the Agreed Security

Principles; and

(j) (in the case of those security documents creating pledges or charges over shares in an Subsidiary) obtain a first priority valid charge or analogous or equivalent encumbrance over all of the shares in issue at any time in that Subsidiary which are owned by another Subsidiary. Subject to local law requirements, such security document shall be governed by the laws

45
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

N orsk Tillitsm ann ASA

of the jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary whose shares are being pledged is formed.

(b) The Loan Trustee will work with the Borrower to minimise the cost to the Subsidiaries of granting the security and shall ensure that in all events the costs are not disproportionate to the benefit to be obtained by the Bondholders and, in any event, it is agreed that no fees, costs or expenses should be incurred without the prior written consent of the Borrower.

4.

Bank Accounts

(a) If a member of the Group grants security over its bank accounts it shall be free to deal with those accounts in the course of its business until the occurrence of an Enforcement Event.

(b) If required by local law to perfect the security, notice of the security will be served on the account bank within 10 business days of the security being granted and the member of the group shall use its reasonable endeavours to obtain an acknowledgement of that notice within 20 business days of service.

(c) Any security over bank accounts shall be subject to any prior security interests in favour of the account bank which are created either by law or in the standard terms and conditions of the account bank. The notice of security may request these are waived by the account bank, but the member of the Group shall not be required to change its banking arrangements if these security interests are not waived or only partially waived.

(d) Unless an Enforcement Event has occurred, the Loan Trustee shall not have discretion to refrain from applying or to hold in suspense accounts moneys received from the Group in respect of the Group's liabilities under the Finance Documents or to exercise any general rights of set-off.

5.

Fixed Assets

(a) If a member of the Group grants security over its material fixed assets, it shall be free to deal with those assets in the course of its business and as otherwise permitted under any Finance Document.

(b) Unless required by local law or necessary to perfect the security interest, no notice whether to third parties or by attaching a notice to the fixed assets shall be served until the occurrence of an Enforcement Event.

6.

Insurance Policies

(a) Unless required by local law or necessary to perfect the security interest, notification of security over insurance policies will not be served on any insurer of Group assets until such time as an Enforcement Event has occurred.

46
OHS LONDON:3600956S6.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7.

Trade Receivables

(a) If a member of the Group grants security over its material trade receivables, it shall be free to deal with those receivables in the course of its business or as otherwise permitted under any Finance Document until the occurrence of an Enforcement Event.
(b) No notice of security may be served until the occurrence of an Enforcement Event except where required to perfect the security interest.

(c) No security will be granted over any trade receivables which cannot be secured under the terms of the relevant contract.

(d) Any list of trade receivables required under the general principles set out in these Agreed Security Principles shall not include details of the underlying contracts.

8.

Shares

(a) A member of the Group may grant a charge over the shares in another member of the Group.

(b) Subject to advice from relevant local counsel for the Bondholders, the relevant security document will be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction o f incorporation of the member of the Group whose shares are subject to security, and not by the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the member of the Group granting the security.

(c) Where required by law, the share certificate and a stock transfer form executed in blank will be provided to the Loan Trustee, and where required by law the share certificate or shareholders register will be endorsed or written up and the endorsed share certificate or a copy of the written up register provided to the Loan Trustee.

(A) In respect of share pledges, until an Enforcement Event has occurred, the pledgors shall be permitted to retain and to exercise voting rights attaching to any shares pledged by them in a manner which does not adversely affect the validity or enforceability of the security or cause an Event of Default to occur and the pledgors shall be permitted to receive and retain dividends on pledged shares/pay dividends upstream on pledged shares to the extent permitted under the Finance Documents with the proceeds to be available to the Group.

9 Release of Security

Unless required by local law, the circumstances in which the security shall be released shall not be dealt with in individual security documents but, if so required, shall, except to the extent required by local law, be the same as those set out in the [Intercreditor Deed],

10. Not applicable to Initial Loan Security These Agreed Security Principles shall not apply to security granted under clause 8-2 (i) - (v).

47
OHS LONDON:360095656.1 17698-2 JJJ/JJJ

