Execution version
ISINNO 001 0786296
BOND AGREEMENT between
Beerenberg Holdco II AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Beerenberg Holdco II AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2021
1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTIONS 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee ASA
3 13 14 14 15 15 17 19 19 20 22 24 24 30 31 33 37 40

2

This agreement has been entered into on 22 February 2017 between
(1) Beerenberg Holdco II AS, incorporated under the laws of Norway with company registration no. 998 789 362 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 120 days after the date of supply; or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Agreed Security Principles" means the principles set out in Attachment 3 to this Bond Agreement.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.3.1.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue of NOK 850 million constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.

3

"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" occurs if any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), other than the Sponsor and/or any of their subsidiaries, becoming the owner(s), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares of the Issuer.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangements:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in another person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority o f the members of the board of directors of another person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.3.1.
"Distribution" means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, or (iv) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders and (v) repayment of Shareholder Loans.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Statement:
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any exceptional items;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company;
4

(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);

(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;

(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests;

(i)

after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the

profits or losses of entities which are not Group Companies; and

(j)

after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation

or depletion of assets of Group Companies.

"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in a Group Company or any direct, or indirect, parent of the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a stock exchange or regulated market.

"Escrow Account" means a bank account in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs ASA).
"Existing Beerenberg Bond Issue" means Beerenberg Holdco II AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue with ISIN NO 001 0713738 pursuant to a bond agreement entered into between Beerenberg Holdco II AS as the issuer and Nordic Trustee ASA as bond trustee for the bondholders thereunder.
"Existing Bonds" means the debt instruments issued under the Existing Beerenberg Bond Issue.
"Existing Indebtedness" means all amounts owing under or in connection with the Existing Beerenberg Bond Issue (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any call premium payable in connection with the exercise of the call option in respect thereof).
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2 and to be adjusted upon any partial redemption as provided for in Chapter 10.

5

"Finance Documents" mean (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, (v) the Intercreditor Agreement and (vi) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS in force as of the Issue Date, be treated as financial lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP (including IFRS if applied by the Issuer), such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"First Call Date" means the date falling 24 months after the Issue Date.
"Group" means the Issuer and all its (directly and indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means an irrevocable and unconditional on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing inter alia the Issuer's
6

obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other of the Finance Documents, as established by the Guarantee Agreement.
"Guarantee Agreement" means an agreement between each Guarantor, the Issuer and the Secured Creditors establishing the on-demand guarantees from the Guarantors for the Secured Debt on the terms set out therein.
"Guarantors" mean Beerenberg Holding AS, Beerenberg Corp. AS, Benarx Solutions AS and any other Material Subsidiary, each a "Guarantor".
"Hedging Agreements" mean foreign exchange transactions for spot or forward delivery protection against fluctuation in currency rates where that foreign exchange exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Bond Agreement and/or the SSRCF Agreement, and interest rate derivatives agreements for interest rate hedging purposes with respect to the Secured Debt, in each case not for investment or speculative purposes.
"Hedging Counterparty" means a counterparty to any Hedging Agreements.
"Interest Payment Date" means the 24th of February, May, August and November each year. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Intercompany Loans" mean any loan or indebtedness entered into between the Issuer and a Subsidiary or between a Subsidiary and another Subsidiary.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an agreement between, amongst others, the Obligors, the Bond Trustee as representative of the Bondholders, the Super Senior Creditors and the Security Agent.
"Interim Accounts" mean the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Incurrence Test" is defined in Clause 13.5.
"Issue Date" means 24 February 2017.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being Danske Bank A/S, Bryggetorget 4, 0107 Oslo, Norway and Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds Gate 3, P.O. Box 1411 Vika, 0115 Oslo, Norway.
7

"Margin" means six and a half percentage points (6.50%) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstances which has a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total consolidated assets represent at least 10% of the total consolidated assets of the Group and/or any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total consolidated earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) represent at least 10% of the total consolidated EBITDA of the Group, and any further Subsidiaries of the Issuer designated by the Issuer in order to ensure that the Issuer and the Material Subsidiaries constitute at least 80% of the total consolidated assets and total consolidated EBITDA of the Group, excluding (for the avoidance of doubt) all intra-Group items and investments in subsidiaries of any member of the Group.
"Maturity Date" means 24 February 2021. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on the Exchange's webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which the Exchange has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source shall be used which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer provides a correct expressions of the relevant interest rate. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Norwegian Government Bond Rate" means the rate interpolated from the Norwegian government rates as published by the Norwegian Central Bank around 4 pm (Oslo time) on the date falling two (2) Business Days prior to the redemption date, as determined by the Bond Trustee. If the aforementioned rate is unavailable on the relevant date, the Bond Trustee may select a rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and each Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
8

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means Danske Bank A/S, being appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Permitted Distribution" means:

(a) any Distribution by a Subsidiary of the Issuer, if such Distribution is made to another Group Company and, if made by a Group Company which is not wholly-owned, is made on apro rata basis; or

(b) any Distribution by the Issuer to any of its shareholders for funding of administration cost limited to NOK 2 million for any financial year, provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Distribution.

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness:

(a) in respect of Secured Debt;

(b) in respect of Existing Indebtedness until the discharge thereof in connection with the initial release of funds from the Escrow Account;

(c) in respect of Intercompany Loans;

(d) arising under any Hedging Agreements;

(e) under any Shareholder Loans;

(1) incurred in the ordinary course of business under the Advance Purchase Agreements;

(g) incurred by the Issuer provided the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such Financial Indebtedness and such Financial Indebtedness ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents and has a final redemption date (or when applicable) early redemption dates or instalment dates falling after the Maturity Date;

(h) under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(i)

related to finance leases of any member of the Group, provided that such

Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of the business of

such member of the Group and in an aggregate maximum amount not, at

any time, exceeding NOK 50,000,000;

9

(j)

incurred as a result of any member of the Group acquiring another entity

and which is due to that such acquired entity holds Financial Indebtedness

provided that the Incurrence Test is met tested pro forma including the

acquired entity in question, however should the Incurrence Test not be met,

a clean-up period of 60 calendar days is permitted to unwind such Financial

Indebtedness;

(k) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds and similar instruments, or

(l)

any Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the paragraphs a) to k) above,

provided that the aggregate amount of such indebtedness does not exceed

NOK 30,000,000 (the "Permitted Basket").

"Permitted Financial Support" means any guarantee or loan (financial support):

(a) permitted under the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";

(b) made or granted to or for the benefit of another Group Company;

(c) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission;

(d) arising in the ordinary course of business by way of normal trade credit granted to customers; or

(e) not otherwise permitted above but which in aggregate does not exceed NOK 5 million (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.

"Permitted Hedging Obligations" means any obligation of any Group Company under a derivative transaction entered into with one or more Hedging Counterparties.

"Permitted Security" means:

(a) the Security created in accordance with the Security Documents to secure the Secured Debt;
(b) Security granted in favour of any clearing organisation in connection with the clearing of derivatives transactions constituting Permitted Hedging Obligations;
(c) Security granted to secure the Existing Indebtedness until the discharge thereof in connection with the initial release of funds from the Escrow Account;
(d) Security arising by operation of law;
(e) customary security arrangements (retention of title arrangements) in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements or operational leases;
(f) any Security provided in relation to any financial lease arrangement which is considered to be Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

10

(g) any Security provided in relation to any lease agreement entered into by a member of the Group in the ordinary course of business;

(h) any Security incurred as a result of any member of the Group acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity has provided Security, provided that the debt secured with such security is Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with paragraph j) of Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

(i)

any Security of the Group under any guarantee issued by, including cash

collateral provided by, a member of the Group, or provided by such member

of the Group in any other way (including by way of purchasing, or

providing back to back arrangements for, such guarantees from a third

party), in the ordinary course of the Group's business, provided always that

such Security does not secure Financial Indebtedness;

(j)

any Security provided in relation to the Permitted Basket;

(k) any Security arising by way of any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by a member of the Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements;

(l)

Security by way of a cash deposit in the amount of NOK 4,000,000 granted

to secure pension obligations; or

(m) Security not permitted by (a)-(l) above, in an aggregate maximum amount not, at any time, exceeding NOK 10,000,000.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning given to the term in Clause 18.2.1.

"Secured Debt" means the payment obligations of the Obligors under the Finance Documents and the Super Senior Finance Documents.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests (including the Guarantee Agreement).

"Security Interests" means

(a) the first priority pledge over all shares issued in all of the Guarantors;

11

(b) the floating charges over the operational assets (No: driftstilbehørspant) of each Guarantor incorporated in Norway (other than Beerenberg Holding AS);
(c) the floating charges in the account receivables (No: factoringpant) of each Guarantor incorporated in Norway (other than Beerenberg Holding AS);
(d) the floating charges in the inventories (No: varelagerpant) of each Guarantor incorporated in Norway (other than Beerenberg Holding AS); and
(e) the Guarantee,
where all Security Interests are to be shared between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and the Super Senior Creditors in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Shareholder Loans" means any borrowings by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries from any of the direct or indirect shareholders of the Issuer, which is (a) to be subordinated to the Secured Debt as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and (b) have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Maturity Date, and (c) according to its terms to yield only payment-in-kind interest.
"Sponsor" means Segulah IV L.P and/or any other fund launched as a "Segulah" fund from time to time.
"SSRCF" means a super senior revolving credit and guarantee facility in an amount up to NOK 350 million, provided to Beerenberg Holding AS and each of its Subsidiaries which becomes a party thereto as a borrower by one or several bank lenders, with a limit on cash drawings of NOK 150 million, and any refinancing or replacements thereof.
"SSRCF Agreement" means the agreement for the SSRCF.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a Decisive Influence. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Super Senior Creditors" means the finance parties under the Super Senior Finance Documents.
"Super Senior Finance Documents" means the SSRCF Agreement and any other document defined as a "Finance Document" therein, and any Hedging Agreements entered into with any Hedging Counterparty that is a party to the Intercreditor Agreement.
12

"Super Senior Obligations" means the payment obligations towards the Super Senior Creditors under the Super Senior Finance Documents.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.

"Temporary Bonds" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 2.2.4.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" mean the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.5 (Written Resolutions).

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

13

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 850,000,000, which are settled either in cash or in kind by delivery of Existing Bonds.

2.2.2 The Face Value is NOK 1,000,000.

2.2.3 The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

2.2.4

The Bonds settled by the Existing Bonds are issued under the temporary ISIN NO 001 0786353 (the "Temporary Bonds") and will in all respects be identical to the Bonds issued and settled in cash, and shall (for the avoidance of doubt) accrue interest from the Issue Date on the same terms as the Bonds settled by payment in cash. The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the Bonds in connection with disbursement of the funds from the Escrow Account.

2.2.5 The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Beerenberg Holdco II AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2021".

2.2.6 The ISIN of the Bonds will be NO 001 0786296.

2.2.7 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The proceeds of the Bond Issue (net of fees and legal costs to the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall be applied to repay Existing Indebtedness and finance costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Exchange as soon as possible and no later than by 30 June 2017.

3.2 The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions

14

of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties hereto;

(b) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto, including relevant acknowledgement of notice from the bank operating the Escrow Account;

(c) a duly executed agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee related to expenses and fees;

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing, and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the relevant Finance Documents;

(f)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to the relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant

register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation

to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(g) a confirmation from the Managers stating that the requirements for an exemption as set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act

15

(implementing the EU prospectus directive) concerning prospectuses have been met;

(h) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond Issue;

(i)

a confirmation from the Paying Agent stating that the Bonds have been

registered in the Securities Depositary; and

(j)

any statements or legal opinions required by the Bond Trustee in relation to

the relevant Finance Document, in agreed form.

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent

The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be used according to Clause 2.3, and release of the amount deposited on the Escrow Account to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer, which includes relevant invoices or other supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released will be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3 and that all security and guarantees under the Existing Indebtedness will be released or confirmed to continue as security for the Bond Issue in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;

(b) copies of agreements for any existing Shareholder Loans and Intercompany Loans duly executed by all parties thereto, or a confirmation that no such loans exist;

(c) the certificate of registration and articles of association from each Obligor;

(d) corporate resolutions from each Obligor approving the Finance Documents to which that Obligor is a party, and a power of attorney to relevant individuals for their execution of such Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of such Obligor;

(e) the Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge) duly executed and (other than the floating charges, which shall be sent for registration on a "same day basis") perfected (or satisfactory evidence that such Security Documents will be executed and perfected or confirmed in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement in connection with the release of the funds from the Escrow Account);

(f) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(g) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(h) a written confirmation from the Issuer, duly certified by a director of the Issuer, that the Group (a) has no Financial Indebtedness other than

16

Permitted Financial Indebtedness, (b) has not provided any security other than Permitted Security and (c) not provided any financial support other than the Permitted Financial Support;

(i) any legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee; and

0) any other Finance Documents being duly executed and perfected in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent at its sole discretion, and the Bond Trustee may on behalf of the Bondholders agree on a closing procedure with the Issuer and the Super Senior Creditors.

6.4 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
7.1.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.1.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations

17

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.1.5 No Event o fDefault

(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the disbursement under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.1.6 Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.1.7 Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

7.1.8 Financial Statements

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.

7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

18

7.1.10 No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers of Bonds or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.1.11 No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.1.12 Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu to other payment obligations as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.1.13 Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and upon any release from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Obligors. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Obligors (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds shall be secured by the Security Interests but receive proceeds from enforcement of the Security Interests (including distressed disposals and payments following any other enforcement event (collectively the "Enforcement Proceeds") pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) only after the Super Senior Obligations have been repaid in full, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the Face Value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in May 2017.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date up to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest

19

Payment Date, and thereafter from and including, that Interest Payment Date up to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360 ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction").
9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two (2) Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.
When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.
9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Floating Rate = Face Value x Floating Rate x Day Count
Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemptions

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature at and be repaid at Face Value (100%) on the Maturity Date to the extent the Bonds have not been prepaid in accordance with the provisions below.

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds at any time from and including the First Call Date up to (but not including) the Maturity Date, in which case the Bonds shall be redeemed at a price equal to the Call Option Amount plus accrued but unpaid interest up (to but not including) the settlement date for the Call Option. The Call Option Amount shall be

(a) 103.9% of Face Value if the Bonds are redeemed on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;

(b) 101.5% of Face Value if the Bonds are redeemed on or after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date; and

20

(c) 100.0% of Face Value if the Bonds are redeemed on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Maturity Date;

where the applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.3 Partial repayment

10.3.1

The Issuer may in the period up to the First Call Date repay an amount not exceeding 10% of the Bond Issue at one occasion per each twelve month period after the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case the relevant amount shall be repaid pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders. The repayment shall be at a price equal to 103.9% of the Face Value plus accrued but unpaid interest up to (but not including) the settlement date for the partial repayment.

10.4 Equity Claw-Back

10.4.1

The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds (provided at least 65.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the Bond Issue remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case the relevant amount shall be repaid pro rata as provided for below and the Face Value per Bond be reduced accordingly.

10.4.2

The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering).

10.4.3

The repayment per Bond shall be at a price equal to the percentage applied for the Call Option for the relevant period applied to the relevant Face Value (such percentage to be equal to the percentage for the first Call Option upon Equity Claw Back before the First Call Date), together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but not including) the settlement date for the claw-back.

10.5 Make Whole

10.5.1 The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds at any time prior to the First Call Date, at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.9% of the Face Value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and

21

(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date) up to and including the First Call Date,

both calculated by using a discount rate equal to the comparable Norwegian Government Bond Rate (i. e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) + 0.50%, together with accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount up to (but not including) the relevant redemption date, where the interest rate applied shall equal the interpolated NOK mid-swap rate for this period plus the Margin, and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Securities Depositary and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.

10.6 Change o f control

10.6.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of Face Value plus accrued interest.

10.6.2

The Put Option must be exercised within fifteen (15) calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.6.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the exercise period of the Put Option.

10.6.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the Face Value of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.6.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

22

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, however, subject to Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.2 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

23

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts at that time due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, cancelled or sold by the Issuer.
13 Covenants
13.1 General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than sixty (60) days after the end of the relevant quarter;
24

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond

Trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository

or Paying Agent directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall, within ten (10) Business Days of the Bond Trustee's request, confirm in writing that it is in compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director, the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

13.3.1 Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.2 Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such subsidiary with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.3 Demergers

25

The Issuer shall not, and shall make sure that no Material Subsidiary shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any such Material Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3.4 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries shall not cease to carry out its business and the Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the Group from that carried out at the date of the Bond Agreement.
13.3.5 Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that Material Subsidiary's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless (i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction; and (ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof
13.3.6 Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no member of the Group shall engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except on arm's length terms and for fair market value, unless it is a Permitted Distribution.
13.3.7 Corporate status
Except in connection with an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.3.8 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Special covenants
13.4.1 Ownership to Material Subsidiaries
The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market
26

value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof.
13.4.2 Nomination of Material Subsidiary
The Issuer shall once every year (simultaneously with the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the annual Financial Reports) (in addition to those listed as "Guarantors" on the Issue Date) identify and nominate the Group Companies which qualify as Material Subsidiaries, and ensure that each such Material Subsidiaries no later than 60 days after its nomination provide Security in accordance with the Agreed Security Principles and accede to the Intercreditor Agreement.
13.4.3 Restrictions on Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, make any Distribution other than Permitted Distributions.
13.4.4 Restrictions on Security
The Issuer shall not and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create, permit to subsist or exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other Security over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than Permitted Security.
13.4.5 Restrictions on Financial Support
No member of the Group shall directly or indirectly make or grant any loans, credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or group or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person or group, not being a member of the Group, except for Permitted Financial Support;
13.4.6 Insurances
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall procure that each Material Subsidiary will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its properties and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.
13.5 Financial Indebtedness restrictions - Incurrence Test
13.5.1 The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
13.5.2 The Incurrence Test shall be applied upon the incurrence or the acquisition of new Financial Indebtedness to the extent required in the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness".
27

13.5.3 The Incurrence Test is met if the Leverage Ratio for the Group (on a consolidated basis) is not greater than 3.00 and the Interest Coverage Ratio for the Group (on a consolidated basis) exceeds 2.00.

The calculation of the Leverage Ratio shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than the date of the last financial quarter prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test.

The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date however so determined that the full commitment of the new Financial Indebtedness, provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied) shall be taken into account.

The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.

The figures for the EBITDA and Net Interest Expenses for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

(a) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period;

(b) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from the new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period.

13.5.3 The following definitions shall be applied with respect to the Incurrence Test:

Borrowings mean, at any time, the outstanding principal or capital amount of any indebtedness of the Group (on a consolidated basis) for or in respect of:

(i)

moneys borrowed;

(ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS in force as of the Issue Date, be treated as a financial lease;

(v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

28

(vii) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vi) above,
where any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds and similar instruments shall not be deemed to be Borrowings.
Finance Charges mean, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Borrowings by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account a) any Transaction Costs or any capitalised interest and b) any costs related to performance bonds, bid bonds and similar instruments.
Free Cash means on any date the aggregate book value of the Group's unrestricted, unpledged and freely available cash, including cash equivalents.
Interest Coverage Ratio means the ratio of EBITDA for the Group (on a consolidated basis) to the Net Finance Charge for the Group (on a consolidated basis).
Leverage Ratio means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
Net Finance Charges mean, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Free Cash.
Net Interest Bearing Debt means Borrowings less Free Cash.
Relevant Period means each period of 12 months ending on the last day of the Issuer's financial year and each period of 12 months ending on the last day of each financial quarterly period of the Issuer's financial year.
Transaction Costs means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the establishment of the Bond Issue, (b) the establishment of the SSRCF, (c) the repayment of the Existing Indebtedness and (d) the listing of the Bonds on the Exchange.
13.6 Covenants regarding the Guarantors
Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that the obligations of each Guarantor under any Finance Document to which it is a party shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
29

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at Face Value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

30

15 Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

15.1.1 Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

15.1.2 Breach o f other obligations

Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3 Cross acceleration

If for any Obligor:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described);

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iii) above of a total of NOK 30 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

15.1.4 Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection thereto is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.5 Insolvency

Any Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

31

If for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within fourteen (14) days of commencement.

15.1.7 Creditors 'process

Any Obligor having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in Clause 15.1.3 above.

15.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

32

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 or 10.5, depending on when the Event of Default is declared.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is apro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, however, subject to Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at a Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

33

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not issued a Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The Summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the Summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the Summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the Summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding a proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer (including, without limitation, any of its or the Sponsor's professional advisors) have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not

34

participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, however, subject to Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the Summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

35

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

16.5 Written Resolutions

(a) Subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.

(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.

(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time the Summons is sent from the Securities Depository and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.

(d) The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting), 16.2.2 {Procedural rulesfor Bondholders' Meetings), Clause 16.3 {Resolutionspassed at Bondholders' Meetings) and Clause 16.4 {Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:

(i) the provisions set out in paragraphsl6.2.8, 16.2.10 and 16.2.11 of Clause 16.2.2 {Procedural rulesfor Bondholders' Meetings)', or

(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 16.5 {Written Resolution),

shall not apply to a Written Procedure.

(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:

(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and

(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 {Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall be at least ten

36

(10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.

(f)

Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the Securities

Depository on the relevant record date, or the beneficial owner thereof

having presented proof of ownership of the Bonds acceptable to the Bond

Trustee, will be counted in the Written Resolution.

(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in Clauses 16.3.4 or 16.3.5 has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.

(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

(i)

If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the

number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day

of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and

majority requirements set out in Clauses 16.3.3 to 16.3.5.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3 The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not

37

materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, in accordance with the majority requirements in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.1.11 The Bond Trustee may for the purpose of facilitating a refinancing of the Bond Issue:

(a) waive any notice period in relation to the exercise of the call option provided that the Issuer pays the interest which would have been payable by it in that period (if the Floating Rate has not been fixed in parts of that period, the Floating Rate for the relevant part thereof shall equal the interpolated NOK mid-swap rate for that part of the period plus the Margin); and

(b) notwithstanding any restriction in this Bond Agreement, accept the incurrence by the Issuer (or another Group Company) of debt for the purpose of refinancing the Bond Issue, and the granting of security and/or guarantees for such debt, provided that such debt is fully subordinated to amounts owing under or in connection with the Bond Issue and the relevant holder of such security and/or guarantee undertakes not to exercise any of its/their rights in respect thereof, unless and until the Bond Issue has been repaid in full.

38

17.2 L ia b ility a n d indem nity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

39

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be paid by the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, initiating bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance

40

Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Limitations on enforcement under the Intercreditor Agreement

18.2.1

The Intercreditor Agreement contains provisions regulating the rights of the Super Senior Creditors and the Bondholders (the "Secured Creditors") which will prevail over the enforcement provisions of this Bond Agreement, including the following limitations on the right to instruct the Security Agent to enforce the Security Interests.

18.2.2

The right to issue decisive enforcement instructions to the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as security agent for the Secured Creditors with respect to the Security Interests) shall in the event of conflicting enforcement instructions first go to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) alone. If (i) enforcement has not commenced within 3 months after an initial enforcement notice has been delivered to the Bond Trustee (in its capacity as security agent) by either the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) or the Super Senior Creditors (whichever is first) (the "Initial Enforcement Notice") or (ii) all Super Senior Obligations have not been fully discharged within 6 months after the Initial Enforcement Notice, then the right to give decisive enforcement instructions in the event of conflicting instructions shall shift to the Super Senior Creditors provided that an event of default under the SSRCF has occurred and is continuing (both periods referred to as the "Standstill Periods").

18.2.3

The Security Agent may as a condition for carrying out an instruction to enforce the Security Documents, require from the Super Senior Creditors or the Bondholders satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders or Super Senior Creditors who issued the relevant instruction.

18.2.4

In the Standstill Periods a) any Exercising Creditor shall have the option of paying to the Security Agent (for immediate transfer to the Standstill Creditor), within fifteen (15) Business Days following exercise of such option, all moneys then outstanding under the relevant Standstill Liability, against assignment and transfer of all Security Documents in respect of the Standstill Liability to (and at the expense of) the Exercising Creditor, such assignment and transfer to be without recourse to the Standstill Creditor and without any express or implied warranty or representation by the Standstill Creditor as to the validity or enforceability of such Security Documents and/or related documents or as to the recoverability of any moneys thereunder; and b) where there is more than one Exercising Creditor, the payment in section (a) above of the Standstill Liability and the transfer of relevant Security Documents shall

41

be shared between the Exercising Creditors on a pro rata basis (measured on the basis of each of their respective outstanding part of the aggregate Secured Debt).
18.2.5 For the purpose of the above buy-out option, the terms herein shall be defined as follows:
Exercising Creditor means a Secured Creditor that exercises the option to buy-out the Standstill Creditor.
Standstill Creditor means a Secured Creditor having demanded to accelerate and enforce the Secured Debt, but who is not part of the class of Secured Creditors with right to give the Security Agent decisive instructions at such stage (or such enforcement for any reason is not initiated).
Standstill Liability means the Secured Debt in respect of the Standstill Creditor.
18.2.6 The entitlements of the Bondholders under the above provisions may only be exercised by and on behalf of the community of Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement.
18.3 Bond Defeasance
18.3.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.3.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option under Clause 10.2 or Make Whole under 10.5 as applicable) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option under Clause 10.2 or Make Whole under 10.5 as applicable plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the parties;
(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.
18.3.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:
42

(a) All Obligors shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.3.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.4 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.5 Access to information

18.5.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.5.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.6 Amendments

43

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.7 Notices, contact information

18.7.1

Written notices, warnings, Summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.7.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.7.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.7.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.7.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

18.8 Dispute resolution and legal venue

44

18.8.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.8.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.8.3

Clause 18.8.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

B y tftAij&iu . H Pbsition: ^ r0 _ fAJ_^

Nordic Trustee ASA Position:

45

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4722 8794 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no
Dear Sirs,

[date]

FRN Beerenberg Holdco II AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2021

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Beerenberg Holdco II AS

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

46

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no
Dear Sirs,

[date]

FRN Beerenberg Holdco II AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2017/2021

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Beerenberg Holdco II AS

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

47

Attachment 3

AGREED SECURITY PRINCIPLES
(A) General Principles
The Security shall be shared between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and the Super Senior Creditors in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bond Trustee will act as security agent on behalf of the Secured Creditors, both in respect of the Security and any additional security provided in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
The Intercreditor Agreement shall include waterfall provisions where after the payment obligations under the Super Senior Finance Documents shall rank above the payment obligations under the Bond Finance Documents with respect to the proceeds upon enforcement (including distressed disposals) of the Security.
In determining what Security should be provided in support of the Secured Debt, the following matters will be taken into account. Security shall only be created or perfected to the extent that it would not:
(a) conflict with statutory limitation, laws and/or regulations applicable to the relevant Group Company (e.g. financial assistance, corporate benefit, "thin capitalisation" restrictions); or
(b) conflict with fiduciary duties of the relevant Group Company's directors or contravene any legal prohibition or result in a material risk of personal or criminal liability on the part of any officer.
Without prejudice to the aforementioned, and to the extent applicable, the Security Documents will be subject to the mandatory provisions of section 8-10 of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No: aksjeloven) which regulate unlawful financial assistance in connection with acquisition of shares in a company or its parent company, and similar provisions which regulate unlawful financial assistance in any other jurisdictions which any Material Subsidiary may be incorporated from time to time.

(B) Security

Subject to (A) (General Principles) above, the Obligors (other than the Issuer and Beerenberg Holding AS) shall grant the following Security:

(a) a first priority pledge over all share issued in any Guarantor;

(b) in respect of Obligors incorporated in Norway:

(i)

a charge over its operating assets (N o:"driftstilbehørpant");

(ii) a charge over its trade receivables (N o:''factoringpant");

48

(iii) a charge over its inventory (No: "varelagerpant"); and (iv) a Guarantee.
49

