ISIN NO O01 035463.2
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Sea Production Ltd (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Sea Production Ltd Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue
2007/20 12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

9

3 Listing

9

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

9

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

10

6 Conditions Precedent

10

7 Representations and Warranties

11

8 Status of the Loan

13

9 Interest

14

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption

15

11 Interest in the event of late payment

17

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

17

13 Covenants

17

14 Fees and expenses

19

15 Events of Default

20

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

22

17 Procedural rules

23

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

26

19 Change of Loan Trustee

26

20 Limitation

26

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

26

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "LoanAg3reqe5m6eant")has been entered into on gthFebruary 2007 between
Sea Production Ltd. Reg no V y a company incorporated under the laws of
Bermuda with registered address at qfhFloor, 14 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton HMGX, Bermuda as borrower (the "Borrower") and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Norway with Company No 963 342 624 as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
Through their subscription in the Loan (as defined below) the Bondholders (as defined below) have acceded to this Loan Agreement (i.e.):
* The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement provided that
information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.
* The Loan Trustee has through the subscription by the Bondholders of the Bonds been
granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained in copy form from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available in copy form to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Assignment of Conversion Contracts:

second priority assignment of Conversion Contracts (including any guarantees relating thereto) in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interests and expenses) with priority after the Bank Loan.

Assignment of Insurances second priority assignment of the insurances related to the Vessels in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interests and expenses) with priority after the Bank Loan.

Assignment of Purchase Agreement

first priority assignment of Purchase Agreements in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interests and expenses).

Aframax Tankers:

M N Sea Cat and M/V Sea Jaguar.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Afiamax Tanker Security:

the part of the Loan Security established in relation to each Afiamax Tanker, being the Vessel Mortgage, the Assignment of Insurances, (the Purchase Agreements) the Guarantee and the Share Pledge pertaining to such Vessel or its owner.

Bank Loan:

secured debt in the form of a bank loan advanced by lenders, secured by the Bank Loan Security, in the maximum amount of USD 105,000,000and to be reduced as described under the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule.

Bank Loan Reduction Schedule:

subject to Clause 8.5, the Bank Loan shall be reduced as follows:

(i) by minimum USD 20,000,000 within 2 years after Disbursement Date,
(ii) by an additional minimum USD 20,000,000 within 3 years after Disbursement Date and
(iii) by an additional minimum USD 30,000,000 within 4 years after Disbursement Date.

Consequently, at Maturity Date the Bank Loan shall be maximum USD 35,000,000 (plus accrued interest and expenses).

Bank Loan Security:

first priority assignment of the Conversion Contracts, the insurances in respect of the Vessels; the Share Pledges and first priority mortgages over the Vessels, and such other security required under the Bank Loan Agreement securing the Bank Loan and any foreign exchange and/or interest hedging transactions entered into in connection with the Bank Loan, each in the maximum amount as described under the Bank Loan (plus accrued interest and expenses).

Bank Loan Agreement

the loan agreement entered or to be entered into in respect of the Bank Loan.

Banlung Day:

any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo, London and New York.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds from time to time.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

4

Borrower's Bonds: Call Option: Conversion Contracts:
Delivery Date: Disbursement Date: Escrow Account: Event of Default: Exchange: Finance Documents:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.
the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.
The signed contracts related to the conversion of FPSO Front Puffin entered into by Frontline FPSO Ltd. with:
Keppel Shipyard in Singapore for conversion of FPSO Front Puffin, HS Compression & Process Pte Ltd for construction and delivery of the process facility, APL AS for construction and delivery of the turret mooring system, and Framo Engineering AS for construction and delivery of the Fluid Transfer System,
as well as all other contracts established as security under the Bank Loan.
The time of delivery of the FPSO Front Puffin with all the equipment properly installed, expected no later than in July 2007.
14 February 2007.
an account established in a bank acceptable to the Loan Trustee in the name of the Borrower to be pledged (ranking with first priority) and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which the bank has waived all set-off rights.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having requirements as to listing and trading satisfactory to the Loan Trustee, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower or the Guarantors in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.

5

FPSO Crystal Ocean: FPSO Front Puffin: FPSO Vessels: Group: Guarantee: Guarantors:
Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
LIBOR:

Norsk TillitsmannASA
A FPSO vessel currently in operation on a 3 year contract (bareboat) with Anzon, ending 15 January 2010 (with additional 1 year option).
The Afi-amax tanker vessel (previously named "Gerrita") to be converted to an FPSO at the Keppel Shipyard Singapore under a contract. To be delivered at the Delivery Date with all the equipment properly installed.
FPSO Crystal Ocean and FPSO Front Pufin.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).
an unconditional guarantee (selvslyldnergarunti)from each of the Guarantors securing all the payment obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement.
The following direct and indirect Vessel owning companies, all being 100% owned (directly or indirectly) by the Borrower:
(i) Puffin Ltd, Bermuda (100% shareholder of Frontline FPSO Ltd")
(ii) Frontline FPSO Ltd, Malta (owner of "FPSO Front Puffin"),
(iii) Melrose Shipping Company Limited, Cyprus (owner of " M N Sea Jaguar"),
(iv) Longford Shipping Company Limited, Cyprus (owner of " M N Sea Cat") and
(v) Wisdom (S) Pte. Ltd, Singapore (owner of "FPSO Crystal Ocean").
12 February 2007 and thereafter the Banking Day occurring two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
14 February, 14 May, 14 August and 14 November each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to five decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters Screen
LIBORO1 page at or about 11.O0 a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

LIBOR -
Reference Banks:
Mandatory Redemption: Maturity Date: Loan: Loan Security:

Should the contents of the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page be changed such that, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters Screen, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters Screen's page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion of the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be treated as described in subclause 9.3 of the Loan Agreement.
the interest rate determined on the basis of the interest rates offered on deposits in USD in the inter-bank market in London, quoted by four large authorised exchange banks in the London market at approximately 11.OO a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date in
London, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the
Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest rates. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 11.OO a.m. London time on the Interest Determination Date for deposits in
USD to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months
period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
redemption of the Loan as described in Clause 10.4.
14 February 2012. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the USD 130,000,000 advanced to the Borrower hereunder in exchange of the issue of the Bonds.
(i) the Assignment of Conversion Contracts, (ii) the Assignment of Insurances,

7

>,
, ,-
a,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(iii) the Assignment of the Purchase Agreements, (iv) the Guarantee, (v) the Share Pledge, (vi) the Vessel Mortgage, and (vii) in the period fiom Disbursement Date until
Transaction Date, pledge over the Escrow Account.

Outstanding Loan:

The Remaining Loan less the Borrower's Bonds at any time.

Purchase Agreements:

the binding purchase agreements entered into by the Borrower and Seadrill Limited and Greenwich Holdings Ltd., respectively, for the purchase of the shares of Wisdom (S) Ltd, Melrose Shipping Company Ltd. and Longford Shipping Company Ltd.

Remaining Loan:

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.

Secured Bank Loan Amount:

the amount (from time to time) secured by the Bank Loan Security, said amount to be reduced as described in the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule and further reduced as provided for in Clause 8.5.

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Securities Depository Act: the Norwegian act of 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository.

Share Pledge:

second priority pledge over 100% of the shares in each of the Guarantors, each in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interests and expenses) with priority after the Bank Loan Security.

Transaction Date:

15 February 2007, or such other date as inter alia the acquisition of the shares in Puffin Ltd, Melrose Shipping Company Limited, Longford Shipping Company Limited and Wisdom (S) Pte. Ltd shall be consummated.

Vessels:

FPSO Crystal Ocean, FPSO Front Puffin, M N Sea Cat and M/V Sea Jaguar.

8

Vessel Mortgage:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
second priority cross collateralized mortgage over the Vessels, each in the amount of USD 130,000,000 (plus accrued interests and expenses) with priority after the Bank Loan Security.

2 The Loan and the Bonds
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series of Bonds at a maximum amount of USD 130,000,000 (US dollar one hundred thirty million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "FRN Sea Production Ltd Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2012".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 035463.2.
The term of the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
2.2 The net proceeds of the Loan shall be used for partly financing the acquisition of the Vessels and the Vessel owning companies, the management organization and other floating production assets of Frontline Ltd. as well as conversion of the vessel FPSO Front Puffin into a FPSO.

3 Listing
3.1 The Bonds will initially not be listed. An application for the listing of the Bonds on Oslo Bars, Oslo Bars ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) or at the Oslo OTC-list may at the Borrower's discretion be submitted during the term of the Loan. If the Loan is listed on Oslo Bars, the Loan may be transferred to ABM without a mandatory Bondholders' meeting and without a mandatory repurchase offer of the Loan to the Bondholders.

4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders'interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfillment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
&der the Loan Agreement,
- ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement,
- forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative,
- verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge of or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been requested in writing to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's or the Guarantors' financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence of the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted to the Bondholders on behalf of the Borrower or the Guarantors.
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to sign the Loan Agreement and issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power of attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association of the Borrower,
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(e) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the
Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription
documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(0 confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(g) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(h) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
0') evidence of the establishment of the Escrow Account,
(k) any corporate legal opinion required by the Loan Trustee, and
(1) evidence for (i) a total of USD 120,000,000of equity to be paid in to the Borrower or to the arrangers of the equity issue at the latest on Disbursement Date and (ii) evidence that USD 60,000,000 of equity will be injected in the Borrower on the Transaction Date by way of set-off against bona fide claims against the Borrower held by the subscribers to such equity.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account at Disbursement Date.
6.3 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
6.4 The Amount on the Escrow Account will be released by the Loan Trustee upon completion of the acquisition to take place at Transaction Date.
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower and the Guarantors (at the time of execution of the Guarantee) shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) the Borrower and the Guarantors are limited liability companies, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower and the Guarantors have the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and the Guarantors and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower and the Guarantors of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event of Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or the Guarantors or any of its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower and the Guarantors in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or the Guarantors or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(`j) the Borrower or the Guarantors is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower'sand the Guarantors payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
12

Norsk TillitsmannASA
(1) no financial indebtedness have been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing of the Loan Agreement; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower and the Guarantors on the signing date of the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower and the Guarantors shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of relying on the representations and warranties given by the Borrower or the Guarantors herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rankparipassu with all other senior debt of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Security.
The Assignment of Purchase Agreements, the Guarantee and the Share Pledge shall be established as soon as possible on or after the Disbursement Date, but in no event later than establishment of the Bank Loan Security. The Assignment of the Conversion Contracts, the Assignment of Insurances and the Vessel Mortgage shall be established simultaneously with the Bank Loan Security.
The Loan Trustee shall upon establishment of the Loan Security require relevant condition precedents as set out in Clause 6.1 for the Guarantors and legal opinions for each of the security covered by the Loan Security. The Loan Trustee may also enter into an inter creditor agreement with the lenders under the Bank Loan.
8.3 Upon the Borrowers redemption of Bonds of a par value of at least USD 7,500,000 of the Remaining Loan as described in Clause 10.3, the Loan Trustee shall release the relevant Afiamax Tanker Security for one of the Aframax Tankers (at the Borrowers discretion), and for both if the Borrower redeems at least Bonds of par value USD 15,000,000of the Remaining Loan.
8.4 Upon such time as redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 takes place, the Secured Bank Loan Amount shall be reduced with an initial amount of USD 7,500,000 per vessel (the "Down Payment Amount"), provided, however, that the initial Down Payment Amount shall be reduced with an amount of USD 468,750 for each whole quarter ensuing fiom Disbursement Date to the date of such redemption (however the Down Payment Amount shall never fall below zero), provided always that the Borrower has complied with the original repayment schedule for the respective Aframax Tanker as stipulated in the Bank Loan Agreement.
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
8.5 The repayment amounts stipulated in the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule shall be reduced with 7.1% (rounded to the nearest USD 100,000) for each Aframax Tanker Security being released according to Clause 8.3 (i.e. if an Aframax Tanker Security is released during the first year of the Loan, the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule shall be reduced to USD 18,600,000 in year 2 and year 3 and USD 27,900,000 in year 4), provided always that the Borrower has complied with the original repayment schedule for the Aframax Tanker as stipulated in the Bank Loan Agreement.
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on LIBOR plus 4.25 percentage points. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus 4.25 percentage points.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in May 2007.
9.2 The interest rate on the Loan is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on LIBOR plus 4.25 percentage points. Should LIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on LIBOR Reference Banks plus 4.25 percentage points.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from LIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least l/lOth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days of the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Lord Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice fiom the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixing date to the next or the maturity date. The number of days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option and Mandatory Redemption
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option):
(i) on the Interest Payment Date in February 2008 at 104% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) on the Interest Payment Date in February 2009 at 103% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(iii) on the Interest Payment Date in February 2010 at 102% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(iv) on the Interest Payment Date in February 2011 at 101% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders
must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty -
Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
10.3 For the purpose of release of Aframax Tanker Security as described under Clause 8.3, and subject to the Borrower complying with the provisions of Clauses 8.4 and 8.5, the Borrower may redeem Bonds of par value USD 7,500 000 for each Aframax Tanker as follows:
(i) at any time before but not included the Interest Payment Date in February 2010 at 103% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) at any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in February 2010, to but not included the Interest Payment Date in February 201 1 at 102% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(iii) at any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in February 2011,to but
not included the Maturity Date at 101% of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.
Should the Borrower exercise its redemption right as mentioned above, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed of this (the Bondholders in writing via
VPS) no later than 30 - thirty - Banking Days before the date of redemption.
15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan
10.4 If the any of the FPSO Vessels are sold or disposed of, or if the Conversion Contracts are sold, assigned (other than as a part of the Bank Loan Security), cancelled for any reason howsoever or disposed of, or if any of the Borrower's shares in the three Guarantors controlling directly or indirectly the FPSO Vessels are sold, or in the event of a total loss or a constructive total loss of any of the FPSO Vessels, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the Remaining Loan as follows:
(i) If occurring anytime from and included Disbursement Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in February 2008, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 105.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(ii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date in February 2008 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in February 2009, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(iii) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date in February 2009 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in February 2010, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(iv) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date in February 2010 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in February 2011, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(v) If occurring anytime from and included the Interest Payment Date in February 201 1 to but not included the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 101.OO% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
If an Aframax Tanker is sold, if any of the Borrower's shares in a Guarantor owning an Afiamax Tanker are sold, or in the event of a total loss or a constructive total loss of an Aframax Tanker, the Borrower shall redeem Bonds of par value USD 7,500,000 of the Remaining Loan in accordance to the redemption structure described above.
If any of the Purchase Agreements are cancelled, the Borrower shall redeem 100 % of the Remaining Loan in accordance to the redemption structure described above if the Purchase Agreement cancelled relates to the purchase of a company controlling a FPSO Vessel and USD 7,500,000 of the Remaining Loan if the Purchase Agreement relates to the purchase of a company controlling an Aframax Tankers.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf.
Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption of the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee of any default of the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 180 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide a report outlining the balance of Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower'sfinancial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) confirrn to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13, and
(h) immediately inform the Loan Trustee if a mandatory redemption situation takes place.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not, (i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business, in a manner which might have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's fulfilment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, (for the avoidance of doubt, please also see Clause 10.4). The Borrower or the Borrower's subsidiaries are allowed to sell or dispose of, without approval of the Loan Trustee or a Bondholders' meeting, construction contracts that are not related to any of the Vessels, or other assets that are not included as Loan Security.
(c) not make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessels and its employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(d) not permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is not satisfactory to the Bondholders' rights under the Loan Agreement,
(e) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Group'sbusiness and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm'slength transaction at the time,
(f) not agree to any material changes to the Conversion Contracts which, in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement (any agreement for changes to the delivery date by more than 3 months is in any event to be considered as a material change which will require the approval of the Bondholders'meeting, such approval to be given with simple majority),
(g) not grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party not being a member of the Group,
(h) comply with the Bank Loan Reduction Schedule,
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) not pledge any equipment related to the Vessels that are not pledged in favor of the Loan or the Bank Loan to any other party,
(j) provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessels (the increased value of the Vessels is gradual and the insurance value shall be increased gradually),
(k) not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders during the first two years after Disbursement Date. Thereafter, during the remaining term of the Loan, the Borrower shall not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or other distributions to its shareholders that constitutes more than, on a consolidated basis, 35% of the net profit after taxes for the previous financial year,
(1) except for (i) the Loan Security, (ii) the Bank Loan Security and (iii) permitted existing security over assets of the Group for maximum USD 24,000,000 (plus interests fees and expenses), not, and procure that the Guarantors do not, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other form of encumbrance upon any assets of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors, until all the Loan Security has been duly established and validly perfected, and
(m)except for the Bank Loan and permitted existing loan(s) in the total of USD 24,000,000, not, and procure that the Guarantors do not, assume any debt or any other form of liability having the nature of a financial indebtedness until all the Loan Security has been duly established and validly perfected. Notwithstanding the above, the Borrower and the Guarantors may assume subordinated debt from other companies in the Group.
13.3 During the term of the Loan, the Guarantors shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following covenant:
(a) the covenants set out in Clause 13.1 and 13.2 (a) to (g) and (i) to (m) above (as applied as Guarantor),
(b) not make any investments or engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the Vessels.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount of which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (Events of Default):
(a) the Borrower or the Guarantors shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied
within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the
Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower or the Guarantors shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not
remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the
Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each of the Borrower and the Guarantor's, the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i)
to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 2 million - or the equivalent thereof in other
currencies;
any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness of due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) if, any of the Borrower or the Guarantors;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part of its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any of the Borrower or the Guarantors; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer or any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
( f ) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower or the Guarantors in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The occurrence of an Event of Default shall be deemed as a mandatory redemption and shall be repaid according to the redemption table set out in Clause 10.4.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower (or the Guarantors) a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower (and the Guarantors), expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot of his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower or Guarantors,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other material conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's or the Guarantors corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's or the Guarantors assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Bondholders'meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders'financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment of the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders'meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders`meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower or the Guarantors,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneouslywith the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request,
then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository
to every Bondholder with known place of residence and - if the Loan is listed - the
Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result of the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises of the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.

24

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The minutes of the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the
decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Guarantors, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed
- the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders'
meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor andor by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification of the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) whch was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof of ownership of the Bonds and of each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out7 endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour of the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower or the guarantors,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are of significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained?the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change of Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter. The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan
trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can
submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders'
meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change of loan trustee becomes effective. 19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests of the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part fiom the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach of the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up of conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
26

9-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
22 Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Bws, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Oslo, 9 February 2007

Sea Proguction Ltd

c (I` `,,',5p:),,' ;.C

........ L,e........... '

...................

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.

27

