TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SOLNES INVEST AS
SENIOR SECURED FIXED RATE BONDS
NOK BONDS - ISIN: NO 001 079153.6 SEK BONDS - ISIN: NO 001 079154.4
4 May 2017
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution o f this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in anyjurisdiction other than Norway, where action fo r that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.

2(42)

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION........................................................................................ 1 2. STATUS OF THE BONDS...............................................................................................................9 3. USE OF PROCEEDS....................................................................................................................... 10 4. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT........................................................................................ 10 5. ESCROW OF PROCEEDS.............................................................................................................11 6. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT......................................................................................................13 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM................................................................................................13 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER.............................................................. 13 9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............................................................................14 10. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS..............................................................................14 11. INTEREST........................................................................................................................................ 16 12. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS............................................................16 13. TRANSACTION SECURITY........................................................................................................ 18 14. INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS........................................................................................ 19 15. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS......................................................................................................20 16. ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS............................................................................................ 22 17. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................ 24 18. BONDHOLDERS' COMMITTEE................................................................................................. 25 19. DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS............................................................................................... 26 20. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING....................................................................................................... 29 21. WRITTEN PROCEDURE..............................................................................................................30 22. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS................................................................................................ 30 23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE................................................. 31 24. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE PAYING AGENT..................................... 34 25. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS........................................................................... 35 26. LIMITATION OF CLAIMS............................................................................................................35 27. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES............................................................................................. 35 28. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.........................................................36 29. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.................................................................................37

SCHEDULE 1 - TEMPLATE LOAN AGREEMENT FOR DEVELOPMENT FUNDS

39

1(42)

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party registered as account operator (Nw. Kontofører) with the CSD, and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Accounts Pledge" means the agreement for Security over the funds standing to the credit on the Escrow Accounts and the Blocked Account, entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Affiliate-' means, in relation to any specified person: (i) any person which is a Subsidiary of the specified person, (ii) any person who has Decisive Influence over the specified person (directly or indirectly), and (iii) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over the specified person.

"Arranger" means Jool Markets AS, Reg. No. 982 157 609.

"Blocked Account" means a bank account in the name of the Issuer held with a reputable Norwegian bank, which shall be pledged on a first priority basis and blocked in favour of the Trustee, representing the Bondholders, on which (i) NOK 8,250,000 shall be deposited for the purpose of interest payments, (ii) any Permitted Disposal Proceeds are deposited which may either be used for interest payments or deposited awaiting a prepayment of the Bonds, and (iii) the Development Funds o f NOK 7,000,000 are deposited.

"Bonds" means a NOK Bond and/or a SEK Bond.

"Bond Loan" means the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means the person who is registered in the CSD as a directly registered owner or nominee with respect to a Bond.

"Bondholders' Committee" has the meaning set forth in Clause 18 {Bondholders ' Committee).

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 20 {Bondholders 'Meeting).

2(42)
"Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday in Norway on which the Norwegian Central Bank's and the CSD's settlement systems are open and commercial banks in Norway are open for business.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment of interest will be made, notwithstanding the date of payment occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means a person or group of persons acting in concert gaining Decisive Influence over the Group.
"Clean Up Period" means that the Issuer shall have 45 Business Days after disbursement from the Escrow Accounts pursuant to Clause 5 (Escrow o fProceeds) to, or ensure that the relevant Group Company will, remove or de-register the following pledges over the Properties:
(a) a pledge in favour of DNB Bank ASA with a registered amount of NOK 18,000,000 (and reduced to NOK 15,080,000 on 16 October 2013);
(h) a pledge in favour of Periveco AS with a registered amount of NOK 8,000,000; and
(c) a pledge in favour of Periveco AS with a registered amount of NOK 2,000,000.
"Construction Financing" means any future hank financing for the Property Company provided by reputable commercial banks for the purpose of developing the Properties.
"Construction Financing Security" means security over the Properties or over any Insurances given in favour of any creditor that provides Construction Financing to secure claims that will arise in connection with such Construction Financing.
"CSD means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Reg. No. 985 140 421.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Bonds from time to time.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on an Exchange.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Early Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and

3(42)
(b) the interest payments of the redeemed Bonds from and including the Issue Date to, but excluded, the First Call Date less any paid interest on the redeemed amount.
"Equity Issue" means a direct private placement of equity in the Issuer directed towards the Shareholders. The net proceeds from this issue shall be NOK 12,000,000.
"Escrow Accounts" means the interest bearing NOK bank account and SEK bank account held by the Issuer for the purpose of the arrangement specified in Clause 5 {Escrow o f proceeds), and which are pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 16.1.
"Exchange" means:
(a) the Nordic ABM, a self-regulated marketplace organised and operated by Oslo Børs; or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Final Maturity Date" means the date falling two (2) years after the Issue Date.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (including under any bank financing or Debt Instrument);
(b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in accordance with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(e) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against, or in order to benefit from, the fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) without double-counting, liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f) above.
"First Call Date" means the date falling eighteen (18) months after the Issue Date.

4(42)
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28.1,
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantor" means the Property Company and the Shareholders.
"Initial Exchange Ratio" means the NOK/SEK exchange rate quoted on the Norwegian Central Bank's website (www.norges-bank.no) at 12:00 Norwegian time on the Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means that a person (i) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally, or (iii) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Insurances" means any contract for insurance entered into by the Property Company.
"Intercompany Loans" means any current and future loans from the Issuer to its Subsidiaries from time to time, including the Property Company Loan.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 11.1 to 11.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 4 March, 4 May, 4 August and 4 November of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 4 August and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect o f the first Interest Period, the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted due to an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means 11 per cent, per annum.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 4 May 2017.
"Issuer" means Solnes Invest AS, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Norway with Reg. No. 916 982 135.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and any other Group Company, (b) the Group Companies' or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents, including their payment obligations thereunder or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.

5(42)
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issue of the Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3, subject to any split of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 23.2.12.
NOK Bonds" means the debt instruments for the Nominal Amount, denominated in NOK and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, with ISIN NO 001 079153.6.
"Norwegian Kroner" or "NOK" means the lawful currency of Norway.
"Norwegian Limitations Act" means the Norwegian Limitations Act of 1979 no. 18 (Nw. foreldelsesloveri).
"Norwegian Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act Securities Register Act of 2002 no. 64 (Nw. verdipapirregisterloven).
"Norwegian Securities Trading Act" means tire Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 (Nw. verdipapirhandelloven).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred by the Issuer under the Bonds;
(b) incurred under any Construction Financing;
(c) constituting Subordinated Loans;
(d) in relation to any Intercompany Loans;
(e) commonly entered into as part of the Group Companies' daily business (e.g. leasing arrangements or similar), provided that the total outstanding amount does not exceed NOK 2,000,000 at any given time; and
(f) arising as a result of a refinancing of the Bonds in full.
"Permitted Disposals" means that the Issuer and its Subsidiaries shall have the right to:
(a) section the Properties, provided that the Property Pledge shall apply to all Sections; and
(b) dispose of Sections that are subject to the Transaction Security by requesting a release of the security from the Trustee, provided that:
(i) the Sections are sold on arms length's terms at the prevailing market value; and
(ii) the Issuer ensures that any freely available disposal proceeds (the "Permitted Disposal Proceeds") are either used for payment of

6(42)
outstanding amounts under any Construction Financing or immediately deposited on the Blocked Account.
`Permitted Security" means any guarantee or Security:
(a) created in accordance with the Terms and Conditions;
(b) which constitutes Construction Financing Security;
(c) arising in the ordinary course of business (e.g. vendor's charge or similar), provided that the total secured amount does not exceed NOK 2,000,000 at any given time;
(d) provided in the form of a pledge over an escrow account to which the proceeds from a refinancing of the Bonds in full are intended to he received; and
(e) agreed to be provided for the benefit of the financing providers in relation to a refinancing of the Bonds in full, however provided that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied only after repayment of the Bonds in full.
"Properties" means any current and future property owned the Property Company, currently being gnr./bnr 427/9, gnr./bnr 427/110, gnr./bnr 427/111 and 427/114, all in Sandefjord municipality, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any future Sections of these Properties.
"Property Company" means Solnes Eiendom AS, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Norway with Reg. No. 917 930 112.
"Property Pledge" means a fourth priority pledge over the Properties with right of advancement, however so that:
(a) the Property Pledge shall rank with first priority no later than at the end of the Clean Up Period;
(b) the Property Pledge shall not secure the Share Purchase Price Cash Portion to the extent such security would constitute unlawful financial assistance under Norwegian company law;
(c) there shall in addition be registered a non-disposal clause (Nw: Uradighet) over the Properties for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders;
(d) the priority of the Property Pledge shall yield to any Construction Financing Security; and
(e) the Trustee shall release the Property Pledge if deemed necessary by the Issuer in order to comply with any written conditions precedent for the release of funds in connection with the Construction Financing.
"Record Date" means, in relation to any payments pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, the date designated as the Record Date in accordance with the CSD Regulations from time to time.

7(42)
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 12 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Section" means a part of a property (Nw. eierseksjon) according to the Norwegian Section Act of 1997 no. 31 (Eierseksjonsloven).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement.
"Secured Parties" means the Bondholders and the Trustee (including in its capacity as trustee under the Trustee Agreement).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Register Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. "Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means the security documents creating the following security:
(a) the Accounts Pledge;
(b) a first priority pledge over all (current and future) shares of the Issuer;
(c) a first priority pledge over all (current and future) shares of the Property Company;
(d) the Property Pledge; and
(e) a first priority security over any current and future Intercompany Loans provided from the Issuer to any of the Group Companies.
"SEK Bonds" means the debt instruments for the Nominal Amount, denominated in SEK and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, with ISIN NO 001 079154.4.
"Sellers" means Kystprosjekt AS, Flåtten Holding AS, Leborg Invest AS and Periveco AS.
"Settlement Agent" means Advokatfirmaet Steenstrup Stordrange DA.
"Shareholder Loan" means a loan amounting to NOK 3,000,000 granted by one or more of the Shareholders.
"Shareholder Loan Agreement" means the agreement constituting the Shareholder Loan.
"Shareholders" means the current shareholders of the Issuer, being Kystutvikling AS, Haavard Høie Holding AS and Høie Holding AS.
"Share Purchase Agreement" means the share purchase agreement entered into between the Issuer and the current owners of the Property Company.

8(42)

"Share Purchase Price" means the price to be paid according to the Share Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of all the shares issued in the Property Company, amounting to NOK 30,000,000.

"Share Purchase Price Cash Portion" means NOK 15,000,000.

"Share Purchase Price Sellers' Credit Portion" means NOK 15,000,000.

"Special Mandatory Redemption" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.4.

"Subordinated Loans" means new capital to be raised by the Issuer by way of subordinated loans, with maturity after the Final Maturity Date including the optional extension period. The Subordinated Loans shall be subordinated to the Bonds, and include terms that entail that the Subordinated Loans are structured as bullet loans and that interest is only payable after the Final Maturity Date. The Issuer shall be obligated not to service or otherwise redeem the Subordinated Loans during the term of the Bond issue.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Swedish Kronor" or "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.

"Transaction Costs" means all arrangement and legal fees, costs and expenses, stamp duties, registration and other taxes incurred by the Arranger and the Trustee in connection with the issue of the Bonds and the Transaction Security.

"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.

"Trustee" means Intertrust (Norway) AS, Reg. No. 995 460 238, or another party replacing it, as trustee, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Trustee Agreement" means the trustee agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Trustee, or any replacement trustee agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and a Trustee.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 21 ( Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

9(42)

1.2.2 1.2.3
1.2.4
1.2.5 1.2.6 2. 2.1 2.2 2.3

(d) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline by any official body;
(e) a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality
(f) persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act;
(g) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(h) a time of day is a reference to Oslo time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
Subject to Clause 1.2.4 below, when ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in NOK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against NOK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Central Bank of Norway (Norges Bank) on its website (www.norges-bank.no). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
Notwithstanding Clause 1.2.3 above, at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, the calculations of whether a quorum exists and if the relevant consent has been obtained pursuant to Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), shall be made in NOK. Each Bond shall always entitle to one vote at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. The value of the vote of each NOK Bond shall be the Nominal Amount and the value of the vote of each SEK Bond shall be the Nominal Amount of the SEK Bond converted into NOK at the Initial Exchange Ratio. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Nominal Amount shall at all times be calculated based on the Initial Exchange Ratio.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Norway promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or o f any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The NOK Bonds are denominated in NOK and the SEK Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, and upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
The nominal amount of each NOK Bond is NOK 1 and of each SEK Bond is SEK 1 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the NOK Bonds is NOK

10(42)

31.000. 000 and the maximum Total Nominal Amount of the SEK Bonds is SEK 46.000. 000. All Bonds are issued on a folly paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.

2.4

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured

obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference

among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and

unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory

law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.

2.5

The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a

Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such

restrictions at its own cost and expense.

2.6

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or

other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Norway,

where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and

observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the

Bonds.

3.

USE OF PROCEEDS

3.1

The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of the Bonds for:

(a) financing of the Share Purchase Price Cash Portion amounting to NOK 15,000,000;

(b) granting a downstream loan to the Property Company to refinance existing loans amounting to approx. NOK 35,800,000 (the "Property Company Loan");

(c) depositing NOK 7,000,000 on the Blocked Account (the "Development Funds"), which shall be used as an Intercompany Loan to the Property Company for third party development cost of the Properties;

(d) depositing NOK 8,250,000 on the Blocked Account, which shall be utilized for interest payments under the Bonds; and

(e) the remaining part of the Net Proceeds shall be used for the general business purposes of the Issuer.

4.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

4.1

The Arranger shall pay the Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds into the Escrow

Accounts on the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Trustee notifies

the Arranger and Paying Agent that it has received the following, in form and substance

satisfactory to the Trustee:

(a) these Terms and Conditions and the Trustee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto;

(b) the Account s Pledge duly executed by the parties thereto (including relevant notice to, and acknowledgement from, the account bank (or that such

11(42)

acknowledgement is received promptly following the Issue Date)) and perfected in accordance with applicable law;

(c) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Bonds, the terms of the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement (as applicable), and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith;

(d) the articles of association and a lull extract from the relevant company register in respect of the Issuer and the Property Company;

(e) evidence that the person(s) who has/have signed the Finance Documents, the Trustee Agreement and any other documents in connection therewith on behalf of the Issuer is/are duly authorised to do so;

(f) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD; and

(g) a conditions precedent satisfaction letter issued by Advokatfirmaet Grette DA.

4.2

The Trustee may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 is

accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and

the Trustee does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.

4.3

The Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the

requirements for documentation set out in Clause 4.1, or decide in its discretion that

delivery of certain documents as set out in Clause 4.1 shall be made subject to an agreed

closing procedure between the Trustee and the Issuer. The Trustee shall confirm to the

Paying Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 have been satisfied.

4.4

The Issuer may request that all or part of the Development Funds are released from the

Blocked Account, by requesting a release from the Trustee, which request shall be

accompanied by reasonable evidence that the Development Funds shall be used to pay

third party suppliers and contractors. Any such funds released shall be lent to the Property

Company as an Intercompany Loan in the form set out as Schedule 1 hereto, and be subject

to the Transaction Security.

5.

ESCROW OF PROCEEDS

5.1

The Net Proceeds shall be paid by the Arranger into the Escrow Accounts. The funds

standing to the credit on the Escrow Accounts form part of the Transaction Security.

5.2

Upon the Issuer providing the following to the Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory

to the Trustee, or the Trustee waiving any such requirement, the Trustee shall instruct the

Paying Agent to promptly transfer the funds standing to the credit on the Escrow Accounts

in accordance with Clause 3 (Use o f Proceeds):

(a) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Property Company approving the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith;

(b) copies of the Issuer's and the Property Company's latest financial statements;

12(42)

(c) the Security Documents (except for the Accounts Pledge) duly signed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolution and documentation from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Transaction Security (or will promptly be perfected upon release of funds from the Escrow Accounts), including any notices, acknowledgements, consents, letters power of attorney, share certificates and other ancillary documents as applicable;

(d) a duly executed copy of a general meeting resolution of the Issuer in respect of the Equity Issue;

(e) a duly executed copy of the Shareholder Loan Agreement;

(f) a duly executed copy of the Share Purchase Agreement, together with a confirmation from the Issuer that all conditions of such agreement have been fulfilled, except for the payment of the Share Purchase Price;

(g) satisfactory evidence that NOK 8,000,000 of the Equity Issue has been paid to the Settlement Agent;

(h) satisfactory evidence that the Shareholder Loan has been paid to the Settlement Agent;

(i) satisfactory evidence that NOK 4,000,000 of the Property Company Loan will be retained by the Settlement Agent and used on behalf of Kystutvikling AS for payment of the Equity Issue;

(j) satisfactory evidence that the Equity Issue and the Shareholder Loan will be used by the Settlement Agent as payment to the Sellers of the Share Purchase Price Sellers' Credit Portion no later than 15 Business Days after the disbursement date;

(k) a duly executed release notice, detailing the payments to be made on the disbursement date in accordance with Clause 3 (Use o fProceeds)',

(l) a conditions precedent satisfaction letter issued by Advokatfirmaet Grette DA; and

(m) such other documents and information as is specified in the Security Documents or otherwise agreed between the Trustee and the Issuer.

5.3

The Trustee may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 5.2 is

accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and

the Trustee does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.

5.4

If the Issuer has not provided the conditions precedent set out in Clause 5.2 to the Trustee,

in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, on or before the Business Day falling 30

days after the Issue Date the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding

Bonds in full at the amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, that would follow

from an application of Clause 12.3.1 (a "Special Mandatory Redemption") The Trustee

may fund a Special Mandatory Redemption with the amounts standing to the credit on the

Escrow Accounts.

5.5

A Special Mandatory Redemption shall be made by the Issuer giving notice to the

Bondholders and the Trustee promptly following the date when the Special Mandatory

Redemption is triggered pursuant to Clause 5.4. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds

13(42)

in full at the applicable amount on a date specified in the notice from the Issuer, such date to fall no later than ten (10) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.

6.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

6.1

The Issuer shall, promptly following the date for disbursement from the Escrow Accounts

pursuant to Clause 5 {Escrow o fProceeds), ensure that:

(a) the steps to be taken in the Clean Up Period are completed; and

(b) the Share Purchase Price Seller's Credit Portion is paid to the Sellers.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts

and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in

accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act and the CSD Regulations.

Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct.

7.3

Those who according to assignment, Security, conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act.

7.4

The Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Terms and

Conditions, have access to the securities depository registered with the CSD for the

purposes of reviewing ownership of Bonds registered in the securities depository.

7.5

The Trustee may use the information referred to in Clause 7.4 only for the purposes of

carrying out its duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance

Documents and shall not disclose such information to the Issuer, any Bondholder or third

party unless necessary for such purposes.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER

8.1

If a beneficial owner of a Bond who is not registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise

any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bond,

acceptable to the Trustee.

8.2

If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation

starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

8.3

A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Trustee's satisfaction to be the

beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in Clause 8.1) may issue one or several powers of

attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or

beneficially owned by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance

Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent

the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a

further power of attorney.

14(42)

8.4 9. 9.1
9.2
9.3 9.4
10. 10.1 10.1.1

The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.3 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 9 {Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Group Company to the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:
(a) at the Issue Date; and
(b) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Accounts.
All information which has been presented to the Trustee or the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable measures to ensure the same:
(a) true and accurate in all material respects as at the date the relevant information is expressed to be given; and
(b) does not omit any material information likely to affect the accuracy of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds in any material respects unless subsequently disclosed to the Trustee in writing or otherwise made publicly known.
No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents.
The entry into of the Security Documents and the granting of the Transaction Security do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation applicable to the Issuer or any Guarantor;
(b) the Issuer's constitutional documents or those of any Guarantor; or
(c) any agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer or any Guarantor.
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS
Payment obligations and currency
Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD.

15(42)

10. 1.2
10.1.3 10.1.4
10.1.5
10.1.6 10.1.7 10.1.8 10.2 10.2.1 10.2.2

Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the relevant denomination of the Bonds as set out in Clause 2.1 above. If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's Securities Account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account in accordance with the procedures of the CSD.
Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Operator in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a payment date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
If an Interest Payment Date or other relevant date for payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.
If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 11.4 during such postponement.
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 10.1 (Payment obligations and currency), the Issuer shall be deemed to have fulfilled its obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, the Bonds shall be subject to, and any payments made in relation thereto shall be made in accordance with, the rules and procedures of the CSD.
Partial payments
If the Paying Agent or the Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the order of priority as set out in Clause 17.1.
Notwithstanding Clause 10.2.1 above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders shall, subject to Clause 10.2.3 below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the

16(42)

10.2.3
10.3 10.3.1 11. 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.4
12. 12.1 12.1.1 12.1.2
12.2

procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of any principal amount due but unpaid.
A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
Taxation
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.
INTEREST
Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (and including) the due date up to (but excluding) the date of actual payment at a rate which is five (5) per cent, higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS
Redemption at maturity and extension
Subject to Clause 12.1.2 below, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer has the right to extend the original Final Maturity Date with six (6) months by giving notice to the Trustee at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the original Final Maturity Date. If so requested by the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding Bonds on the date falling six (6) months after the original Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Purchase of Bonds by Group Companies
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled by the Issuer.

17(42)

12.3 12.3.1
12.3.2
12.4 12.4.1
12.4.2 12.4.3
12.4.4 12.4.5 12.4.6

Voluntary early redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at any time:
(a) from and including the Issue Date to, but excluding, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Early Redemption Amount; and
(b) from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 12.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice and not more than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Trustee, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuers discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of thirty (30) calendar days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 14.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Each Bondholder may exercise its put option pursuant to Clause 12.4.1 by written notice to its Account Operator, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the put option. The repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date, which will be the fifth Business Day after the end o f the period referred to in Clause 12.4.1.
If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 12.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Bonds at the price stated in Clause 12.4.1 above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the relevant Redemption Date. Prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 12.4 , the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 12.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 12.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled / shall be promptly cancelled by the Issuer.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 12.4, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 12.4 (or on terms

18(42)

12.5 12.5.1 12.5.2 12.5.3 13. 13.1
13.2 13.3
13.4
13.5

more favourable to the Bondholders) and purchases all Bonds validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Bonds tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 12.4, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Bonds within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
Interest Payments or Prepayment upon Permitted Disposals
From the First Call Date, the Issuer may choose to apply any Permitted Disposal Proceeds on the Blocked Account either for payment of Interest or as partial prepayments of the Bonds.
Such prepayments pursuant to Clause 12.5.1 above shall be made on any Interest Payment Date and shall be prepaid by reducing the outstanding Nominal Amount of the Bonds pro rata at a price equal to 100% of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed amount).
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee and the Bondholders upon the occurrence of a prepayment in accordance with this Clause 12.5.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants, and shall procure that the Guarantors grant, the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee. The Transaction Security shall be provided and perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents. The Trustee shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Trustee shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
Unless and until the Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties, the Trustee may instruct the CSD in the name and on behalf of the Issuer to arrange for payments to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and change the bank account registered with the CSD and from which payments under the Bonds are made to another bank account. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide it with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee and the CSD), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under this Clause 13.4.
The Trustee shall be entitled to release all Transaction Security upon the full discharge of the Secured Obligations, in accordance with Clause 5.4 and in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents.

19(42)

14. 14.1 14.1.1
14.1.2 14.1.3 14.1.4 14.1.5
14.2 14.2.1

INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer shall make the following information available to the Bondholders by way of publication on the website of the Issuer:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, the audited financial statements for that financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles for itself and the Property Company;
(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each interim half of its financial year, the financial statements or the year-end report (as applicable) for such period prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles for itself and the Property Company;
(c) as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Bonds by a Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of Bonds cancelled by the Issuer; and
(d) any other information required by the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Trustee and the Bondholders upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change of Control Event.
The Issuer shall send copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer to the Trustee, including, but not limited to, in connection with mergers, de-mergers and changes of the Issuer's share capital or equity.
The Issuer shall, within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Trustee may reasonably request.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Trustee. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Trustee a compliance certificate containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred and what steps have been taken to remedy it).The compliance certificate shall be in a form agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee, duly signed by the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Issuer and inter alia certify that the financial statements fairly represent its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements.
Information from the Trustee and a Bondholders' committee
Subject to the restrictions of a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the Trustee in accordance with Clause 18.4, the Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.

20(42)

14.2.2
14.3
14.4 14.4.1 14.4.2 15. 15.1 15.1.1
15.2 15.2.1
15.3 15.3.1
15.4 15.4.1
15.5 15.5.1

Notwithstanding Clause 14.2.1, the Trustee shall comply with an agreement regarding the non-disclosure of information received from the Issuer, which is entered into with the members of a Bondholders' Committee and the Issuer pursuant to Clause 18.4.
Information among the Bondholders
Upon request by a Bondholder, the Trustee shall promptly distribute to the Bondholders any information from such Bondholder which relates to the Bonds. The Trustee may require that the requesting Bondholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Trustee in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Trustee) before any such information is distributed.
Publication of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Trustee.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Trustee during normal business hours.
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 15 (General Undertakings).
Authorisations
The Issuer shall and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Terms and Conditions if a failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if a failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Issuer as of the Issue Date if such change is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not (i) pay any dividend on its shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) make any repayments on loans to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer or its shareholders, or (v) make any other similar distribution or

21(42)

transfers of value to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer.

15.6

Financial Indebtedness

15.6.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and other Group Companies may incur Financial Indebtedness that constitute Permitted Debt.

15.7

Disposal of assets

15.7.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, shares in Subsidiaries or operations to any person not being a Group Company, except for any Permitted Disposals.

15.8

Negative pledge

15.8.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or Security over any of its assets (present or future), provided however that the Issuer and other Group Companies has a right to provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.

15.9

Financial support

15.9.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent), to or for the benefit of any third party, other than any Permitted Debt.

15.10 Related party transactions

15.10.1

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that any other Group Company will, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Issuer and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.

15.11 Admission to trading

15.11.1

The Issuer is under no obligation to ensure that the Bonds are admitted to listing on any Exchange, but has the right to list the Bonds on any Exchange or other relevant marketplace if it so desires.

15.12 Undertakings relating to theTrustee Agreement

15.12.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Trustee Agreement:

(a) pay fees to the Trustee;

(b) indemnify the Trustee for reasonable costs, losses and liabilities;

(c) furnish to the Trustee all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Trustee; and

(d) not act in a way which would give the Trustee a legal or contractual right to terminate the Trustee Agreement.

22(42)

15.12.2

The Issuer and the Trustee shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Trustee Agreement without the prior consent of the Bondholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.

15.13 CSD related undertakings

15.13.1 The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with the CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations.

16.

ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS

16.1

The Trustee is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Bondholder (or

Bondholders) representing more than fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount

(such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business

Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Trustee and

shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction

given pursuant to Clause 16.5, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer,

declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any

other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as

the Trustee determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and

discretions under the Finance Documents, if:

(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:

(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and

(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;

(b) the Issuer or any other Group Company does not comply with the provisions of Clause 5 (Escrow ofproceeds)',

(c) the Issuer or any other Group Company does not comply with any terms of or acts in violation of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) or (h) above), unless the non-compliance:

(i) is capable of remedy; and

(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Trustee giving notice and the relevant Group Company becoming aware of the non-compliance;

(d) it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer or any other Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable;

(e) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 Business Days of commencement is taken in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation of any Group Company,

23(42)

other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Group Company other than the Issuer;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor o f the Issuer which may materially impair the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions, other than the Bondholders; or
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation of a Group Company other than the Issuer), administrator or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets;

(f) any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes o f any applicable law to be, Insolvent;

(g) any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects any asset of a Group Company, having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding NOK 3,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days;

(h) (i)

any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

(ii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or

(iii) any creditor of a Group Company becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

however so that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (h) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than NOK 3,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies;

(i) a decision is made that any Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged;

(j) the Issuer ceases to carry on its business or in the case of a merger or a demerger as stipulated in paragraph (i) above.

16.2

The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 16.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

24(42)

16.3

The Issuer shall immediately notify the Trustee (with full particulars) upon becoming

aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of

Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the

giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any o f the

foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Trustee with such further

information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice.

Should the Trustee not receive such information, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no

such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Trustee

does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.

16.4

The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business

Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of

Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Business

Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an Event of

Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the

Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly seek instructions

from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 {Decisions by Bondholders). The

Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred

event constitutes an Event of Default.

16.5

If the Bondholders instruct the Trustee to accelerate the Bonds in accordance with the

provisions of this Clause 16.1, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds due and

payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion o f the Trustee, be necessary or

desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the

relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

16.6

If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of

acceleration to be deemed to exist.

16.7

In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 16, the Issuer

shall redeem all Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the redemption amount specified in

Clause 12.3 {Voluntary early redemption), as applicable considering when the acceleration

occurs.

17.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

17.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an

acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 16 {Acceleration o f the Bonds) and

any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall be distributed

in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Trustee in accordance with the Trustee Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Trustee, (iii) any costs incurred by the Trustee for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 23.2.7, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.16, together with

25(42)

default interest in accordance with Clause 11.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of any cost and expenses incurred by a Bondholders' Committee in accordance with an agreement with the Issuer pursuant to Clause 18.5 that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer, together with default interest in accordance with Clause 11.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be reimbursed by the Issuer;

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(e) fifthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including default interest in accordance with Clause 11.4 on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Bonds.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (e) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

17.2

If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred

to in Clause 17.1(a), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by

way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 17.1(a).

17.3

Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration

of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds and

must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the

other interested parties. The Trustee shall arrange for payments of such funds in

accordance with this Clause 17 as soon as reasonably practicable.

17.4

If the Issuer or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 17, the Issuer or the

Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen

(15) Business Days before the payment is made. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify

the Redemption Date and for any Interest due but unpaid, the Record Date specified in

Clause 10.1 shall apply.

18.

BONDHOLDERS' COMMITTEE

18.1

The Bondholders may appoint a committee (a "Bondholders' Committee") to represent

the interests of the Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee shall consist of no less than

three (3) natural persons. All members of a Bondholders' Committee shall be elected at a

Bondholders' Meeting.

18.2

Each Bondholder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Bondholders' Committee by

notice to Trustee no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting.

At the Bondholders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the

Bondholders. Each Bondholder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same

number of votes to cast for each Bond as the total number of persons to be elected. A

Bondholder may cast its votes for one or several of the candidates. The candidates that

receive the most votes shall be elected to the Bondholders' Committee.

26(42)

18.3

A Bondholders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Issuer and other creditors

of the Issuer and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules

as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the

Bondholders. A Bondholders' Committee may not bind the Bondholders to any agreement

or decision. The Trustee shall provide reasonable assistance to the Bondholders'

Committee and participate in its meetings.

18.4

The Bondholders' Committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information

received from the Issuer provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of the Bondholders'

Committee, is beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall be a party to

such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the Bondholders'

Committee.

18.5

The Bondholders' Committee and the Issuer may agree that the Issuer shall pay certain

costs and expenses incurred by the Bondholders' Committee. Otherwise the Bondholders'

Committee is not entitled to be reimbursed for any costs or expenses.

19.

DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS

19.1

A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Bondholders'

Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

19.2

Any request from the Issuer, the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is

entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange) or a

Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder

on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the

Trustee and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision

by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the

Trustee and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as

determined by the Trustee. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for

decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt

with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with

at a Bondholders' Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appointment of a

Bondholders' Committee shall always be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.

19.3

The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the

Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given,

or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

19.4

Should the Trustee not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure

in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 19.3 being applicable, the

Issuer, the Exchange or the Bondholder(s) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may

convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may

be, instead.

19.5

Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may (i) convene a Bondholders' Meeting

in accordance with Clause 20.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending

communication in accordance with Clause 21.1, in both cases with a copy to the Trustee.

After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 23.4.3, the Issuer shall no later

than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be

27(42)

necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20.1. The Issuer shall inform the Trustee before a notice for a Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Trustee is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Trustee, append information from the Trustee together with the notice or the communication.

19.6

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to

Clause 8 {Right to act on behalfo f a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a

Bondholder:

(a) in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, on the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held (or another date as accepted by the Trustee), or

(b) in respect of a Written Procedure, on the date falling three (3) Business Days after the communication instigating such Written Procedure has been published,

may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the Adjusted Nominal Amount, and may cast one vote for each Bond.

19.7

For the purposes of this Clause 19 {Decisions by Bondholders), a Bondholder that has a

Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 8 {Right to act

on behalfo f a Bondholder), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the

nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant

evidence to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 8 {Right to act on behalfo f a Bondholder)

stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for

any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over

votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.

19.8

The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least sixty-

six and two thirds (66 2/3) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which

Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a

Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.2:

(a) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.4 to 2.6;

(b) a change to the definition of Early Redemption Amount;

(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;

(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 17 {Distribution o fproceeds)',

(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 19;

(f) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;

(g) a release of the Transaction Security, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents;

(h) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities; and

28(42)

19.9 19.10
19.11
19.12 19.13 19.14 19.15

(i) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 16 {Acceleration o f the Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
Any matter not covered by Clause 19.8 shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.2. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 22.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Bonds, the appointment of a Bondholders' Committee, or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect o f a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect o f a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 20.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 21.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 19.11, the date of request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 20.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 21.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 19.10 shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as applicable.
A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented

29(42)

19.16 19.17
19.18
20. 20.1
20.2
20.3 20.4

at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
The Trustee shall procure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and, if applicable, the Exchange, are notified of decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way o f a Written Procedure, and that the decisions are published on the website of the Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform), provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Trustee.
BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The notice convening the Bondholders' Meeting shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the notice is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the notice is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The notice shall also be published on the website of the Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
The notice pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be a Bondholder in order to exercise Bondholders' rights at the Bondholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Trustee, or if Clause 19.4 applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in Oslo, Norway). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Trustee. If the Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

30(42)

20.5

The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted

evidence of ownership of Bonds included in the Adjusted Nominal Amount, and otherwise

determine any question concerning whether any Bonds shall be considered to be included

in the Adjusted Nominal Amount.

20.6

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the

Trustee may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders

to vote without attending the meeting in person.

21.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

21.1

The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no

later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the

Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons). The communication instigating a Written Procedure shall be sent to the

Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the communication is sent from the CSD

and published on the Trustee's website, or other relevant electronic platform or via press

release. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the communication is published

in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange.

21.2

A communication pursuant to Clause 21.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by

the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of

the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be

entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions as to how to vote in respect of each

separate item and a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within

which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10)

Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of the

communication pursuant to Clause 21.1). If the voting is to be made electronically,

instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

21.3

When consents from Bondholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted

Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 19.8 and 19.9 have been received in a Written

Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 19.8 or

19.9, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has

not yet expired.

21.4

The effective date of a decision adopted prior to the expiry of the time period for replies in

the Written Procedure is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder

that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.

22.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

22.1

The Issuer and the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the

Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders as a group in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or

31(42)

22.2 22.3
22.4 23. 23.1 23.1.1
23.1.2 23.1.3 23.1.4 23.1.5

(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 {Decisions by Bondholders).
The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
The Trustee shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 22.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 14.4 {Publication o f Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Trustee, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE
Appointment of the Trustee
By subscribing for Bonds, and by virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Terms and Conditions and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. Each initial Bondholder appoints the Trustee to act as its trustee in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf.
Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement and the Trustee's obligations as Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Trustee may act as trustee or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

32(42)

23.2 23.2.1
23.2.2 23.2.3 23.2.4 23.2.5 23.2.6 23.2.7
23.2.8 23.2.9

Duties of the Trustee
The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. However, the Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, the perfection of the Transaction Security or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall act in the best interest of the Bondholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Group Company unless to the extent expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
The Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not he required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Trustee shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Trustee, as may be necessary in order for the Trustee to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

33(42)

23.2.10

If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

23.2.11

The Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Trustee Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 23.2.10.

23.2.12 The Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or in other situations.

23.3

Limited liability for the Trustee

23.3.1

The Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

23.3.2

Any liability for the Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the outstanding Bonds. The Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person

23.3.3

The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.

23.3.4

The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Trustee to the Bondholders, provided that the Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Trustee for that purpose.

23.3.5

The Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clause 19 {Decisions by Bondholders) or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 16.1.

23.3.6

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.

23.4

Replacement of the Trustee

23.4.1

Subject to Clause 23.4.6, the Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.

34(42)

23.4.2 23.4.3
23.4.4 23.4.5 23.4.6 23.4.7
23.4.8
24. 24.1 24.2

Subject to Clause 23.4.6, if the Trustee is Insolvent, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as trustee under debt issuances.
A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Trustee be dismissed and a new Trustee appointed.
If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Trustee within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as trustee under debt issuances.
The retiring Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance by such successor Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Trustee.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 23.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Trustee agree otherwise, the new Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Trustee.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE PAYING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Paying Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Paying Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Paying Agent at the same time as the old Paying Agent retires or

35(42)

24.3 25. 25.1
25.2
25.3 26. 26.1 27. 27.1 27.1.1

is dismissed. If the Paying Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Paying Agent, which shall replace the old Paying Agent as paying agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
The Paying Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Paying Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Paying Agent to carry out its duties under the Terms and Conditions.
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against any Group Company or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of any Group Company in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of such Group Company under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Trustee.
Clause 25.1 shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 23.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Trustee Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 23.2.10, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 23.2.11 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 25.1.
The provisions of Clause 25.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's light to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 12.4 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
LIMITATION OF CLAIMS
All claims for payment under the Finance Documents, including interest and principal, will be subject to the provisions of the Norwegian Limitations Act.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Trustee, shall be given at the address registered with the Norwegian Business Register (Nw. Foretaksregisteret) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Trustee to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Norwegian Business Register on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the

36(42)

27.1.2
27.1.3 27.1.4 27.2 27.2.1
28. 28.1
28.2 28.3 28.4

Trustee, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Trustee from time to time; and
(c) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Bondholder in order to receive the communication, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders. A Notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Trustee.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Issuer and the Trustee, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 27.1.1, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 27.1.1, or, in case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient.
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.
Press releases
If any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Paying Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Paying Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Paying Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Trustee or the Paying Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 28 (Force Majeure and Limitation o fLiability) apply unless they are inconsistent with mandatory law.

37(42)

29.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

29.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Norway.

29.2

The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court o f Oslo {Oslo

tingrett).

