Execution version ISINNOOOl 069467.2
BOND AGREEMENT
between
CURATO BIDCOAS as Issuer
CONRAD HOLDCO AS as Parent
CURATO AS and
CURATO RØNTGEN AS as Guarantors and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN Curato Group Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2013/2018 dated 20 November 2013

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. Interpretation.....................................................................................

..................3

2. The Bonds........................................................................................

................ 16

3. Listing..,........................................................ ..................................

................ 17

4. Registration In The Securities Depository.........................................

......... 17

5. Purchase And Transfer Of Bonds............ ........................................

............... 18

6. Conditions Precedent........................................................................

............... 18

7. . Representations And Warranties.......................................................

8. Status O f The Bonds And Security.......................................... ........

................23

9. Interest..................... .............................. ..........................................

............... 24

10. Maturity Of The Bonds And Redemption......... ...............................

................25

11. Payments.,........... ....... .................................... ................................

................27

12. Issuer's Acquisition Of Bonds..........................................................

............... 28

13. Guarantee And Indemnity......................................... ........................ .......... . ........ ...... 29

14. Information Undertakings.......... ...................... ....................

.............................. 30

15. General Undertakings..... ......................... ..... ......................... ....... ............................. ..31

16. Parent Undertakings........... ...................................... ........................

................ 34

17. Incurrence Test..................................................................................

................35

18. Fees And Expenses............ ............. .................................................

............... 37

19, Events Of Default........................................................................... . ....... ...... ................38

20. Bondholders' Meeting............................. .........................................

............. ,,41

21. The Bond Trustee..............................................................................

................43

22. Miscellaneous..................................................................................

............. ,,46

Attachments

1.

Compliance Certificate

2.

Release Notice - Escrow Account

2

This agreement has been entered into on 20 November 2013 between:
(1) CURATO BIDCO AS (originally named SPV 3 AS) (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 998 407 184) as issuer (the "Issuer");
(2) CONRAD HOLDCO AS (originally named SPV 2 AS) (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 998 406 250) as parent (the "Parent");
(3) CURATO AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 891 408 382) as guarantor;
(4) CURATO RØNTGEN AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 918 041 958) as guarantor (together with Curato AS, the "Guarantors"); and
(5) NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway and existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Account Pledge" means first priority pledge over each Group Company's bank accounts (not including any accounts in any cash pooling arrangement, except for the top account).
"Agent" means Nordea Bank Norge ASA as agent for the RCF Creditors.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Altor Fund III" means Altor Fund III GP Limited (as general partner for Altor Fund III (No. 1) Limited Partnership and Altor Fund III (No. 2) Limited Partnership and as investment manager to Altor Fund III (No. 3) Limited).
"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:
(a) an amount equal to 4.50% of par value; and
(b) an amount equal to:
(i) 104.50% of par value assuming due on the Call Date; plus
3 0/

(ii) all remaining scheduled Interest Payments (assuming that the Floating Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date until the Call Date will be equal to the interpolated NOK mid-swap rate for the remaining term from the redemption date until the Call Date plus 5.25% per annum) on the Bonds to and including the Call Date,
discounted (for the time period starting from the date the relevant Bonds are redeemed until the Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the Norwegian Government Rate plus 0.50%; minus
(iii) accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date; and
(iv) 100.00% of par value.
"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Creditors" means the Bond Trustee, on behalf of the registered holders of the Bonds.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 20.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks in Norway are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Date" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means any event where a Person or group of Persons acting in concert, other than Altor Fund III, directly or indirectly, acquire a majority of the share capital in the Issuer or gain Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Claims under SPA" means any monetary claims (whether existing, future and/or
4

contingent) held by the Issuer against the Sellers in relation to the Sellers' non contractual fulfilment of the SPA, including without limitation claims for damages and guarantee/warranty claims.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1.
"Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another Person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other Person.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 22.2.
"Direct Agreement" means agreements between the Group Companies, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the RCF Lender and providers of any Leases, pursuant to which inter alia (i) the relevant lease provider shall undertake to notify the Bond Trustee of any default, event or circumstance which could give the lease provider a right to terminate the relevant Leases, and (ii) following such notification, an appointed representative of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the RCF Lender shall have the right to step into the Leases (and/or make direct payments to the lease provider to cover any overdue amount) in order to prevent termination of the relevant Leases and (unless an acceleration notice has been served to the Issuer pursuant to Clause 19.10(c)) in a manner ensuring that the equipment under the relevant Leases remain at the disposal of the Group Companies. Any direct payment shall be made in consideration o f the assignment by the lease provider of the corresponding claim against the lessee, and shall satisfy any overdue amount under such Leases in full, without any discount.
"Distribution" means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, or (iv) any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders.
"Distribution Cap" means 10% of the aggregate net proceeds received in a Restricted Disposal.
"EBITDA" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 17.1.
"Escrow Account" means an escrow account in the name of the Issuer (with a bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee) where the bank has waived any set-off rights and which is pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and blocked so that no withdrawals can be made therefrom without the Bond Trustee's prior written consent.
5

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clauses 19.1 -19.9.

"Exchange" means the Oslo Stock Exchange (No: Oslo Børs) on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied or shall apply for listing of the Bonds.

"Existing Debt" means all amounts outstanding under the following loans and facilities:

(a) the term loan facility agreement dated 1 August 2007 (as amended) and entered into between Target as borrower and DNB Bank ASA as lender;

(b) the working capital facility agreement dated 1 August 2007 (as amended) and entered into between the Target as borrower and DNB Bank ASA as lender;

(c) the term loan facility agreement dated 6 August 2007 (as amended) and entered into between Curato Røntgen AS as borrower and DNB Bank ASA as lender;

(d) the mezzanine loan facility agreement dated 24 September 2008 (as amended) and entered into between the Target as borrower and CapMan Mezzanine IV L.P. as lender; and

(e) the shareholder loan agreement dated 23 September 2008 (as amended) and entered into between the Target as borrower and certain current shareholders of the Target as lenders,

in aggregate the equivalent of NOK 344,000,000 (plus unpaid interest, cost and fees) as at the closing date of the Transaction.

"Existing Security" means all Security and guarantees/indemnities provided in relation to the Existing Debt.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.3(d).

"Finance Charges" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 17.1.

"Finance Documents" means

(a) this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Security Documents (including anynotices,acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);

(c) the Direct Agreements;

(d) the Intercreditor Agreement;

(e) the agreement between the BondTrustee andthe Issuer referred to in Clause 18.2; and

(f)

any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance

6

Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a)

monies borrowed or raised;

(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with IFRS as applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);

(c)

receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that

the requirements for de-recognition under IFRS as applicable on the Issue Date

are met);

(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;

(e)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(f)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or

benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of

any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into

account);

(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of an entity which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs o f this definition; and

(h) (without double counting) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a)-(g) above.

"Financial Report" means the consolidated Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Floating Rate" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.1.

"Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.3(b).

"Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

"Guarantee" means joint and several unconditional and irrevocable on-demand

7

guarantees (No: pakravsgarantf) from the Guarantors, as set out in Clause 13.
"Hedging Counterparty" means any entity providing a hedging arrangement which entails a Permitted Hedging Obligation.
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 17.2.
"Initial Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Initial Shareholder Loan" means the shareholder loans of in aggregate NOK 520,000,000 dated 28 October 2013 between the Issuer as borrower and the Parent as lender for the purpose of financing (i) repayment in full by the Target Group of the Existing Debt, (ii) part of the purchase price paid by the Issuer in the Transaction, and (iii) Transaction costs.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made between any Group Companies (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group), and which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement shall be fully subordinated to the obligations of the relevant borrower under the Finance Documents and (as the case may be) the RCF Finance Documents.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an agreement between the Parent, the Group Companies, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the Agent, the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders and the RCF Lender), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders in relation to inter alia (i) pro rata redistribution between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders of the proceeds from any enforcement of Security and (ii) subordination of Intercompany Loans to the obligations of the Group Companies under the Finance Documents and the RCF Finance Documents.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 17.1.
"Interest Payment Date" means 22 February, 22 May, 22 August and 22 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustments will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Group for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 22 November 2013.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any Person or Persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any Person or Persons over whom the Issuer has

Decisive Influence.
"Issuer Intercompany Loan" means any Intercompany Loan granted or to be granted by the Issuer to any other Group Company.
"Leases" means all current and future operating leases and finance or capital leases incurred in the ordinary course of the Target Group's business and established for the purpose of financing of medical imaging equipment or computers.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being Nordea Markets, Nordea Bank Norge ASA.
"Margin" means 5.25% per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 22 November 2018.
"Maximum Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Net Finance Charges" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 17.1.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 16.1.
"New Debt" means any new Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness".
"New Lenders" means the finance parties in respect of any New Debt (except to the extent that the New Debt is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue or constitutes new Financial Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility).
"New Security" means Security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement (subject to the Security Principles set out therein) to be granted over any new assets having been acquired.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing or (as the case may be) agreed, between Finans Norge (or any other Person which takes over the administration o f NIBOR) and the NIBOR calculation agent), to replace the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at 10 a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only
9

H |>

one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Non-listing Put Option Event" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 3.
"Norwegian Government Rate" means the rate interpolated from Norwegian Government rates available from Norges Bank on the 10th Business Day prior to redemption, as determined by the Bond Trustee. If the aforementioned rate is unavailable on the relevant date, the Bond Trustee may select a rate it deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution by:
(a) a Group Company, if such Distribution is made to another Group Company and, if made by a Group Company which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis;
(b) the Issuer, if the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma after such Distribution) and the Distribution does not (when aggregated with other Distributions in the same financial year) exceed 50% of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous financial year;
(c) the Issuer, if such Distribution consists of a group contribution, provided that no cash or other funds are transferred from the Issuer as a result thereof (i.e. the group contributions are merely accounting measures) and provided that such distribution is subsequently converted into a shareholder's contribution to the Issuer as soon as practically possible; or
(d) the Issuer to the Parent for funding of administration cost limited to NOK 1,000,000 for any financial year,
provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Distribution.
10

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) under the Finance Documents or the RCF Finance Documents;
(b) incurred pursuant to any Leases, provided that Leases which are not operational leases shall not exceed an aggregate amount of NOK 50,000,000 at any time;
(c) in the form of any Intercompany Loans;
(d) in the form of any Shareholder Loans, the Initial Shareholder Loan or the Residual Shareholder Loan;
(e) arising between any Group Companies under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group;
(f) in the form of any Permitted Hedging Obligation;
(g) arising under any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability in the ordinary course of business of a Group Company;
(h) incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal commercial terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading partners in the ordinary course of its trading activities;
(i) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such new Financial Indebtedness, and (i) is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue, or (ii) ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement, and has a maturity date (or, if applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates) which occur after the Maturity Date;
(j) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to such acquired entity holding indebtedness, provided that (i) the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question, and (ii) such indebtedness is refinanced with the Issuer as the new borrower within 60 days of completion of such acquisition;
(k) under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; or
(l) not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate does not exceed NOK 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.
"Permitted Financial Support" means any guarantee or loan (financial support):
(a) granted under the Finance Documents or the RCF Finance Documents;
(b) granted in respect of any Permitted Hedging Obligation or any New Debt, provided that such guarantee is granted in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders on a pari passu and pro rata basis pursuant to the terms of the
n

Intercreditor Agreement;
(c) permitted under paragraphs (c), (e) and (g) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";
(d) which constitutes a trade credit or guarantee issued in respect of a liability incurred by another Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(e) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission;
(f) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances of Group Companies;
(g) for any rental obligations in respect of any real property leased by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms; or
(h) not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate does not exceed NOK 3,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.
"Permitted Hedging Obligations" means any obligation of any Group Company under a derivative transaction in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Bond Agreement or the RCF Finance Documents (but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes).
"Permitted Security" means any Security:
(a) created under the Finance Documents or the RCF Finance Documents;
(b) created in respect of any Permitted Hedging Obligation or any New Debt, provided that such Security is extended to and shared between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty and any New Lenders on a pari passu and pro rata basis pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;
(c) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission;
(d) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances of Group Companies;
(e) in the form of rental deposits in respect of any real property leased by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;
(f) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to such entity having provided Security, provided that the debt secured with such Security is Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with paragraph (j) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness"; or
(g) not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate does not exceed NOK 3,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.
K
12

"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality. "Pledge of Issuer Intercompany Loans" means the first priority pledge over any Issuer Intercompany Loans.
"Pledge of Intercompany Loans" means the first priority pledge over any Intercompany Loans from the Target to Curato Röntgen AS. "Pledge over Inventory" means a first priority pledge over each Target Group Company's inventory (including unfinished and finished goods, fuels and other consumables) (No: varelagerpant). "Pledge over Machinery and Plant" means a first priority pledge over each Target Group Company's machinery and plant (No: driftstilbeherspant). "Pledge over Trade Receivables" means a first priority pledge over all present and future trade receivables (No: factoringpant) of each Target Group Company. "Pledged Bank Account" means a separate bank account which is pledged, but not blocked, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions o f the Intercreditor Agreement. "Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.4. "Pre-Disbursement Security" means: (a) the Share Pledges; (b) the Pledge of Intercompany Loans; (c) the Pledge of Issuer Intercompany Loans; (d) the Account Pledges; (e) the Pledge over Claims under SPA; (f) the Pledge over Inventory; (g) the Pledge over Machinery and Plant; (h) the Pledge over Trade Receivables; and (i) the Guarantees. "Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.1. "Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3. "Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
13

"RCF Creditors" means the finance parties under the RCF Finance Documents.

"RCF Lender" means Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any replacing lender.

"RCF Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the Revolving Credit Facility and any guarantee, letter of credit or other document entered into in relation thereto.

"Relevant Period" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 17.1.

"Release Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2.

"Residual Shareholder Loan" shall have the meaning set out in 6.4(d).

"Restricted De-Merger" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.4(b).

"Restricted Disposal" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.6(b).

"Revolving Credit Facility" means a revolving credit, guarantee and/or overdraft facility/facilities to be provided to any Group Company by the RCF Lender or any of its Affiliates for guarantee and working capital purposes (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof), which shall be limited to a maximum amount (excluding interest, default interest, fees, costs and expenses related to such facility/facilities) of NOK 20,000,000 (or any such higher commitment as permitted pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness").

"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 no. 64 (No: verdipapirregisterloveri).

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 21.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security and Undertaking Defeasance" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 22.2.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means any Security or other security (including any guarantee) created (or to be created) to secure obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited, to:

From and including the Issue Date:

(a)

the Escrow Account Pledge;

14

cv

From the release offunds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 6.4:
(b) the Pre-Disbursement Security,
"Sellers" means CapMan Buyout VIII Fund A L.P, Stavern Helse og Forvaltning AS and certain other former shareholders of Curato AS.
"Senior Creditors" means the Security Agent, the Bond Creditors, the Agent, the RCF Creditors, the Hedging Counterparties and any New Lender.
"Shareholder Loan" means any shareholder loan granted or to be granted to the Issuer by the Parent (or any of its shareholders), with terms (including aggregate amount) and final structure acceptable to the Bond Trustee, the RCF Lender and the Manager (acting in their sole discretion), inter alia to ensure that (i) such loan is fully subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents and the RCF Finance Documents and considered as equity for rating purposes, and (ii) any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any such loan is subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents and the RCF Finance Documents having been discharged in full.
"Share Pledge" means the first priority pledge (created by the Security Documents and pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) over all the shares (100%) issued by each Target Group Company.
"SPA" means the share purchase agreement entered into on 13 September 2013 between the Issuer, Altor Fund III and the Sellers.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subsidiaries" means subsidiaries (No. datterselskap) within the meaning of section 1-3 of the Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No. aksjeloven) or otherwise a Person over which another Person has Decisive Influence.
"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Target" means Curato AS (registration number 891 408 382).
"Target Group" means the Target and all its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Target Group Company").
"Transaction" means the acquisition by the Issuer of 100% of the shares in the Target in accordance with the SPA.
"Transaction Documents" means copies of the SPA and all other documents executed in relation to the Transaction.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

15

Cb

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; and

(f)

an Event o f Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 22.1.

2.2 Availability This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.3 The Bonds

(a)

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of

NOK 900,000,000 (the "Maximum Loan Amount"). The Bond Issue may

comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche

will be in the amount of NOK 500,000,000 (the "Initial Loan Amount").

(b) The Issuer may after the Issue Date, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, at one or more occasions issue additional Bonds under the Bond Issue (each such issue, a "Tap Issue"), until the earlier of (i) the outstanding loan amount equals the Maximum Loan Amount (i.e. additional Bonds in the amount of up to NOK 400,000,000) and (ii) five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

(c)

The additional Bonds issued in a Tap Issue shall be subject to the terms and

conditions o f the Finance Documents. All Tap Issues will be subject to identical

terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond

Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will in the event

of a Tap Issue make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the

conditions for such Tap Issue.

16

(d)

The Face Value is NOK 1, with minimum subscription and allocation amount of

NOK 1,000,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

(e)

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Curato Group Senior Secured

Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

(f)

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 069467.2.

(g)

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity

Date.

2.4 Purpose and utilization The Initial Loan Amount (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue or the Transaction) shall be used toward financing of (in the following order):

(a)

repayment by the Issuer of the part of the Initial Shareholder Loan which has

been used to finance the Target Group's repayment in full of the Existing Debt;

(b) repayment by the Issuer of the part of the Initial Shareholder Loan which has been used to finance part of the purchase price paid by the Issuer in the Transaction; and

(c)

general corporate purposes of the Target Group.

The proceeds from any Tap Issue (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Tap Issue) shall be used toward financing of general corporate purposes of the Target Group.

3. LISTING
The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange as soon as possible after the Issue Date. In the event that such listing of the Bonds has not occurred by:

(a)

the Interest Payment Date falling six months after the Issue Date, the Floating

Rate shall be subject to an increase of 1.00% per annum (margin step-up) from

and including such Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the first Interest

Payment Date after the date on which listing of the Bonds occurs; and

(b) 22 November 2014 (the "Non-listing Put Option Event"), each bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (put option) of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.4.

The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY
4.1 Registration The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Securities Register Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

17

4.2 Notifications The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 US Securities Act The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Conditions precedent - Settlement Transfer of the net proceeds (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue or the Transaction) from the first tranche of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 18.2, duly executed;

(c) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(d) a certificate of the Issuer confirming that (i) the Transaction has been unconditionally completed and (ii) all necessary clearances, consents and approvals have been obtained from relevant governmental bodies in connection with the Transaction;

(e)

copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document

for each Obligor, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the

Articles of Association of each Obligor;

(f)

a certified copy of the shareholder register of the Target, evidencing that the

Issuer is the direct 100% owner of the Target;

Qx
18

(g) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from each Group Company to execute the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(h) (unless included in paragraph (g)) a power of attorney from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of each Obligor;

(i)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Depository;

(j)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k) copies of any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;

(l)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive

2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(m) any statements or legal opinions required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the relevant Finance Documents and the Escrow Account Pledge; and

(n) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank).

6.2 Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent Transfer of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account) is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.3 Transfer /Release On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.4 Conditions precedent - Disbursement The amount on the Escrow Account (if not covered previously, net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue or the Transaction) shall only be used as set out in Clause 2.4, and any release from the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed Release Notice from the Issuer;

(b) relevant documentation evidencing that the Existing Debt has been fully repaid

19

and discharged;

(c) relevant documentation evidencing that the Existing Security has been irrevocably released and discharged;

(d) relevant documentation evidencing that the Initial Shareholder Loan will be fully repaid and discharged immediately upon release from the Escrow Account, other than a residual amount not exceeding NOK 28,000,000 (the "Residual Shareholder Loan");

(e)

satisfactory evidence that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or

is likely to result from the release from the Escrow Account;

(f)

copies of agreement for any Issuer Intercompany Loan to be established upon

disbursement, duly executed by all parties thereto, and a form of agreement for

any future Issuer Intercompany Loans;

(g) copies of agreement for any Shareholder Loan to be established upon disbursement, duly executed by all parties thereto, and a form of agreement for any future Shareholder Loans;

(h) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, Security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Financial Support) exists within the Group, other than the Initial Shareholder Loan;

(i)

each Obligor's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(j)

necessary corporate resolutions from each relevant Group Company to execute

the Security Documents (unless delivered to the Bond Trustee previously);

(k) all relevant Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge which is being delivered prior to the Issue Date) being executed and perfected according to (if required) a closing procedure acceptable to the Bond Trustee;

(l)

the Direct Agreements, duly executed by all parties thereto, subject to approval

from, and agreement on reasonable terms with, the relevant lease providers;

(m) all legal opinions requested by the Bond Trustee in relation to the Security Documents; and

(n) all Finance Documents (unless delivered to the Bond Trustee previously) duly executed.

6.5 Waivers The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent set out in Clause 6 at its sole discretion, and the Bond Trustee may on behalf of the Bondholders agree on a closing procedure with the Issuer and the RCF Lender.

20

6.6 Condition subsequent The Issuer and the Parent shall, as soon as possible after release from the Escrow Account and in event no later than 28 February 2013, ensure that the entire Residual Shareholder Loan is (i) repaid exclusively by use of funds received from the Sellers as a consequence of purchase price adjustment under the SPA and/or (ii) converted into equity.

6.7 Tap Issue The Issuer may carry out a Tap Issue if:

(a)

the amount of the aggregate of (i) the Bonds issued prior to such Tap Issue and

(ii) the requested amount for such Tap Issue, does not exceed the Maximum

Loan Amount;

(b)

the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including the new

Financial Indebtedness incurred as a result of such Tap Issue;

(c)

no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of

such Tap Issue;

(d) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, cf. Clauses 6.1- 6.4 (or any updated versions received by the Bond Trustee of such documents) are still valid (or otherwise acceptable to the Bond Trustee) as at the time of settlement of such Tap Issue;

(e)

the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 of this Bond

Agreement are true and correct and repeated by the Issuer as at the time of

settlement of such Tap Issue; and

(f)

such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as at the time of

settlement of such Tap Issue.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as

21

provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order;
(b) its constitutional documents; or
(c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to cany on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Statements Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
22

7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of its most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.14 Transaction Documents The SPA with appendices contains all the terms o f the Transaction and, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, no representation or warranty given in the Transaction Documents was untrue or misleading in any material respect as at the date it was provided or as the date of release from the Escrow Account.
7.15 Holding Company The Issuer has not traded or incurred any liabilities or commitments before the Issue Date, except (i) under the Finance Documents and the Transaction Documents, (ii) for costs incurred in relation to the Bond Issue or the Transaction, or (iii) as provided for in this Bond Agreement (including under the Initial Shareholder Loan and any Shareholder Loans), and the Issuer does not own any assets except for shares in the Target, claims under any Issuer Intercompany Loans and/or the Transaction Documents, and cash and cash equivalents.
7.16 Repetition The representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.
8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 Status The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer, secured on a first priority basis over certain of the assets of the Issuer and the Guarantors as set out herein, and othenvise rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other creditors, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
cu 23

8.2 Security All amounts outstanding to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees and expenses, shall (subject to any mandatory limitations under applicable law) he secured by the Security Interests.

The Pre-Disbursement Security, and any additional Security as permitted under paragraph (b) o f the definition of "Permitted Security", shall be shared between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty, and any New Lenders, on a pari passu and pro rata basis in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

Any New Debt may be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security, which shall be shared between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedging Counterparty, and any New Lenders, on a pari passu and pro rata basis pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and Security as permitted under paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Security".

9. INTEREST
9.1 Interest rate Subject to any adjustments in accordance with Clause 3, the Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2 Interest Payment Dates Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in February 2014.

9.3 Calculation of interest payments (a) The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

(b)

The day count fraction ("Floating Rate D ay Count Fraction") in respect of the

calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means

that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made

divided by 360.

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and when the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

(c)

Subject to any adjustments in accordance with Clause 3, the payable interest

24

amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest _ Amount

Face Value

Floating Rate

Floating Rate Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity and instalments The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in instalments as follows:

Payment Date Interest Payment Date in November 2014 Interest Payment Date in November 2015 Interest Payment Date in November 2016 Interest Payment Date in November 2017 Maturity Date

Amount NOK 20,000,000 NOK 20,000,000 NOK 20,000,000 NOK 20,000,000 The remaining amount

The instalments shall be repaid at 100% o f par value (plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Bonds being redeemed).
All instalments and any other partial repayments shall first be deemed applied in respect o f the part o f the amount due under this Bond Agreement which pursuant to Clause 2.4 is used toward financing part of the purchase price in the Transaction (or any refinancing thereof).
Partial repayments shall be carried out pro rata in accordance with the procedures o f the Securities Depository.
10.2 Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (in whole or in parts) (a "Call Option") at any time from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after Issue Date at a price equivalent to the sum of 100.00% of par value and the Applicable Premium (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds);
(ii) the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after Issue Date (the "Call Date") to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 3 years after Issue Date at a price equal to 104.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds);
(iii) the Interest Payment Date falling 3 years after Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years after Issue Date at a price equal to 103.25% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds); and
25

(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling 4 years after Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed Bonds).

(b)

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond

Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement

date o f the Call Option.

(c)

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the

procedures of the Securities Depository).

(d)

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the

Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the

principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and

any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

(e)

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be

discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of control

(a)

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have

the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price

of 101%o of par plus accrued interest.

(b)

The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given

notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification

shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken

place.

(c)

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice

of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the

Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option

shall be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 days exercise period of

the Put Option.

(d) On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3(a)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Non-listing Put Option

(a)

Upon the occurrence of a Non-listing Put Option Event, each Bondholder shall

have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Non-listing Put

Option") at a price o f 101%o o f par plus accrued interest.

(b)

The Non-listing Put Option must be exercised within 15 days after the Issuer

has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Non-listing Put Option Event.

Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Non-listing Put

Option Event has taken place.

26

(c)

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice

of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the

Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Non-listing

Put Option shall be the 90th Business Day after the end of the 15 days exercise

period.

(d) On the settlement date of the Non-listing Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.4(a)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 Undertaking to pay

(a)

The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any

Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee

all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

(b) The undertaking contained in Clause 11.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics (a) If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1(a), the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

(b) Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

(c)

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or

Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or

11.3 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding

Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

(d)

Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause

11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1(a).

11.3 Currency

(a)

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder

has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account

Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank

account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements

between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be

delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash

27

settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3(a) within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders' account in the Securities Depository.

(c) Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

(a)

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance

Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear

interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate

according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

(b) The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

(c)

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made,

whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to

Clauses 19.1 -19.9, cf. Clause 19.10.

11.6 Partial payments If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond

Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

O x'
28

13. GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
13.1 Guarantee The Guarantors jointly and severally, irrevocably and unconditionally:

(a)

guarantee to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as for their own

debt and not merely as surety, the due and punctual performance by the Issuer

of all its obligations under the Finance Documents and accept that the Bond

Trustee may make a demand for payment to any and each of the Guarantors

without any specific order;

(b) undertake with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that, whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantors shall, on the Bond Trustee's first written demand (No: pakravsgaranti) and in no event any later than five Business Days after the relevant Guarantor's receipt of such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs as if it were the principal obligor in respect of that amount; and

(c)

agree with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that if, for any

reason, any amount claimed by the Bond Trustee under this clause is not

recoverable from the Guarantors, then the Guarantors will be liable as a

principal debtor and primary obligor to indemnify the Bond Trustee and each

Bondholder for any loss each of them may incur as a result of the Issuer failing

to pay any amount expressed to be payable by it under a Finance Document on

the date when it ought to have been paid.

13.2 Waivers Each Guarantor hereby waives:

(a)

any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of an

Event of Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies

against the Issuer;

(b)

any and all defences or objections from any party in or based on underlying

relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever, including, without

limitation, any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third

party for Security or otherwise, and right to limit the liability under the

guarantee provided hereunder resulting from any failure to give notice of any

kind;

(c)

any right to exercise a right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders

under the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond

Trustee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond

Agreement and any other Finance Document;

(d) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or any other Obligor for payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document; and

29

(e)

any requirem ent that additional Security be provided or maintained.

13.3 Continuing guarantee This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, regardless of (i) any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part or (ii) the Bond Trustee enforcing any other Security granted for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

13.4 Limitations The Security Documents will be subject to mandatory provisions of applicable law which limit the legal capacity or ability to provide Security, including, but not limited to, the provisions of sections 8-7 and 8-10 of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No: aksjeloven) (as from time to time amended) which regulate unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and liabilities as well as the provision of Security. This entails that at the time of establishment of the Security Interests, the part of the loan amount applied under Clause 2.4(b) (and interest thereon) will be secured solely by the Security Interests granted by the Issuer.

14. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
14.1 General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 14.

14.2 Information undertakings The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing

of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer

understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any

other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than

120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

30

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with

mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business,

assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

14.3 Compliance Certificate

(a)

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under

Clauses 14.2(c) and 14.2(d) above confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the

Issuer's compliance with the undertakings in Clause 15, unless the Bond Trustee

explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a

certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by

the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event

of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non

compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken

and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

(b) The Issuer shall upon (i) the incurrence of New Debt or Financial Indebtedness as set out in paragraph (j) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness", (ii) a Distribution as set out in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Distribution", (iii) a Restricted De-Merger or (iv) a Restricted Disposal, submit to the Bond Trustee a Compliance Certificate which shall also contain calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.

15. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
15.1 General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 15.

15.2 Distribution The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, make any Distributions, provided that the Group Companies shall have a right to make any Permitted Distribution.

15.3 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a

(V
31

consolidation of the assets and obligations of any Group Company with any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.4 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of:

(a) the Issuer, the Target or Curato Røntgen AS into two or more separate companies, unless (A) such separate companies are (directly or indirectly) wholly-owned by the Issuer and (B) the shares of such companies are pledged as Security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and any other finance parties according to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; or

(b) any other Group Company (i.e. not being the Issuer, the Target or Curato Røntgen AS) into two or more separate companies or entities which are not (directly or indirectly) wholly-owned by the Issuer (a "Restricted De Merger"), unless the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma after such Restricted De-Merger) and any such Restricted De-Merger is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction.

15.5 Acquisitions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.6 Disposals The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of:

(a)

shares in the Target or Curato Røntgen AS, or of all or a substantial part of the

assets or operations in the Issuer, Target or Curato Røntgen AS, to any Person

not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries; or

(b) other assets or operations in any Group Company, outside the ordinary course of business, to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries (a "Restricted Disposal"), unless the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma after such Restricted Disposal) and any such Restricted Disposal is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction.

If a Restricted Disposal includes a sale of assets over which Security is granted under the Finance Documents, the net proceeds from such Restricted Disposal shall be deposited on a Pledged Bank Account and be applied to:

(a)

finance in whole or in part the acquisition of any new assets over which New

Security shall be granted;

32

(b) repay Net Interest Bearing Debt on a pro rata basis in respect of the relevant Senior Creditors sharing the Security over the pledged assets (and where repayment of Bonds shall be carried out at the prices set out under "Call Option"); and/or
(c) make Distributions pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Distribution", provided that the aggregate amount of net proceeds used for such purpose shall not exceed the Distribution Cap.
In the event that any assets over which Security is granted under the Finance Documents are sold or otherwise disposed of by any Group Company to either the Issuer or any of the Issuer's wholly-owned Subsidiaries, the acquirer shall pledge such assets as Security in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement (subject to the Security Principles set out therein).
Any Security granted pursuant to this Clause 15.6 shall be deemed as a "Pre Disbursement Security" and any documents executed in relation hereto shall be deemed as "Security Documents".
15.7 Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, incur any new Financial Indebtedness or maintain any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided that the Group Companies shall have a right to incur and maintain Financial Indebtedness that constitute Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
15.8 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided that the Group Companies have a right to retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
15.9 Financial support The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, grant or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any loans or guarantees, or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent), provided that the Group Companies have a right to grant, retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Financial Support.
15.10 Share issues The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, issue any shares, except (i) by the Issuer to the Parent against cash consideration or set-off of debt, or (ii) by a Group Company to another Group Company, provided that any newly issued shares are included in the relevant share pledge under the Security Interests.
15.11 Continuation of business The Issuer shall ensure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the Issue Date.
33

15.12 Corporate status The Issuer shall notxhange its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
15.13 Holding company The Issuer shall not trade, carry on any business or own any material assets, except for (i) the provision of administrative services to other Group Companies of a type customarily provided by a holding company, (ii) ownership of shares in any company (provided that such shares are pledged as Security in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the bondholders and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement), cash and cash equivalents, and (iii) any Issuer Intercompany Loans.
15.14 Insurances The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, maintain insurances on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business.
15.15 Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any Person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
15.16 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
15.17 Subsidiary distribution The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement
16. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS 16.1 Ownership to Issuer
The Parent shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any shares or ownership interest in the Issuer.
16.2 Distributions The Parent shall not propose, vote in favour of, consent to or receive any dividend payment or distribution by the Issuer, whether in cash or in kind, or any other transactions implying a transfer of value from the Group to the Parent or any of its shareholders in breach of Clause 15.2 (Distributions).
16.3 Shareholder Loans The Parent shall (i) not consent to or receive any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any Shareholder Loan, (ii) not propose or consent to amendment of terms of any
34

Shareholder Loan, and (iii) ensure that any Shareholder Loan remains fully subordinated to the obligations o f the Issuer under the Finance Documents.

17. INCURRENCE TEST
17.1 Definitions In this Agreement:

"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):

(a)

before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable

by any member of the Group;

(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;

(c) before taking into account any exceptional items in accordance with IFRS, provided that such items in no event shall exceed an aggregate amount of 5% of EBITDA in respect of the Relevant Period;
(d) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account basis);

(e)

before deducting any costs in relation to (i) the Transaction or (ii) future

divestments or acquisitions (provided that such costs are financed by

borrowings from third parties, Shareholder Loans or new equity injections by

the Parent);

(f)

after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or

gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the

ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or

downward revaluation of any asset;

(g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) o f any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;

(h) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and

(i)

after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or

depletion of assets of members of the Group.

"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees (excluding arrangement fees in respect of the Initial Loan Amount), discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis), without taking into account any capitalised interest in respect of any Shareholder Loan, or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.

35

"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.

"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).

"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing Financial Indebtedness (excluding any Permitted Hedging Obligation and any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less cash and cash equivalents, including funds held on the Escrow Account, of the Group in accordance with IFRS.

"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months,

17.2 Incurrence Test The incurrence test (the "Incurrence Test") is met if:

(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than 3.50; and

(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 2.50.

17.3 Calculation and compliance

(a)

The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be

made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than one

month prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test. The

Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so

determined, but include the full undrawn (if any) commitments under the

Revolving Credit Facility and any existing New Debt and take into account

(whichever is relevant):

(i) the lull commitment of the new Financial Indebtedness, provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt);

(ii) the Distribution;

(iii) the Restricted Disposal; or

(iv) the Restricted De-Merger,

in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied. The EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in paragraph (c) below.

(b) The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.

(c)

The figures for the EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the

Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent

36

Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:
(i) entities acquired or disposed of (or, in the event of any Restricted Disposal, assets or operations disposed of) by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period;
(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from New Debt shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and
(iii) the figure for EBITDA shall take into account reasonable cost synergies and cost savings to be achieved for the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of an acquisition referred to in paragraph (ii) above, provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent financial due diligence advisor, acceptable to the Bond Trustee, in relation to the acquisition and (B) the increase in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 10% of the EBITDA for the Group (as measured following any adjustments pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above).
Notwithstanding that the Issuer acquires the Target and Curato Røntgen AS first in connection with the Bond Issue, the Target and Curato Røntgen AS shall be part of the Group pro forma for the entire Relevant Period when calculating the Incurrence Test.
18. FEES AND EXPENSES
18.1 Expenses The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer (or any Guarantor or any other Person), irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, set-off cover any such costs and expenses.
18.2 Fee Agreement The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
18.3 Payment deficiency Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders
37

hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and enforcement of any Security.

18.4 Public fees Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

18.5 Withholding tax

(a)

The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by

applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

(b) If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(i) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(ii) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.

(c)

If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law

after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all

but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be

notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at

least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

19. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

19.1 Non-payment Any Obligor fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

19.2 Breach of other obligations Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 10 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

38

19.3 Cross default If for the Issuer and any Group Company:

(a)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(b) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(c)

any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a

creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(d) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above of a total of NOK 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

19.4 Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

19.5 Insolvency

(a)

A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due,

suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of

its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(b) The value of the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(c) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group.

19.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for any Group Company any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

39

CL--

(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(d) its dissolution,
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
19.7 Creditors' process Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.
19.8 Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
19.9 Material adverse change Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
19.10 Acceleration (a) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 19.1 19.9 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(b) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 19.1 19.9 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
(c) In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clause 19.10(a) or (b) declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
40

The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.
20. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 20.1 Authority of the Bondholders'Meeting
(a) The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 21.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.
20.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
(c) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
(d) The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.
(e) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
41

(f)

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the

number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until

the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

(g) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

(h) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

(i)

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the

numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting,

the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes

shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the

Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee

and shall be available to the Bondholders.

(j)

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -

representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders'

Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless

the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a

representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an

advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the

Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

(k) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

20.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

(a)

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each

Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the

Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the

Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other

evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall

adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's

Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

(b) For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

Q y` 42

(c)

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to

demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the

deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

(d)

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be

represented at the meeting, see however Clause 20.4. Even if less than half (1/2)

of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held

and voting completed.

(e)

Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented

at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 20.3(f).

(f)

A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'

Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond

Agreement.

(g)

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(h) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

(i)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions

passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

20.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

(a)

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause

20.3(d), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the

same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders'

Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders'

Meeting.

(b) A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

21. THE BOND TRUSTEE

21.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

(a)

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations

under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are

relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely

and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the

Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer),

arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the

measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not

obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out

in this Bond Agreement.

(y
43

(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

(c) The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 21.1(c) provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 20.1 (c) and (d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(g) The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 21.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 20.3 (e).

(i)

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several

bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional

parties.

fi)

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower

denomination in order to facilitate partly redemptions or restructuring of the

44

_

Bonds or other situations.

21.2 Liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.3. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

(b) The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 19.10(b) (i) or 20.2(a) (ii), require satisfactory Security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

21.3 Change of Bond Trustee (a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 20. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 18, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Tmstee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

(c)

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee

receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the

documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out

under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

21.4 Appointment of Security Agent

(a)

The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

(b) The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement

45

and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

(c)

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the

Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security

Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the

Bond Trustee.

(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to he entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

(e) Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

(f)

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be

amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the

relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in

connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the

account of the Issuer.

22. MISCELLANEOUS
22.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security created from time to time by or pursuant to the Security Documents, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in

the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise

46

their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
22.2 Defeasance (a) The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 22.2(b)) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):
(i) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;
(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;
(iii) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(iv) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(v) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Undertaking Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Undertaking Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues
47

concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Undertaking Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
(b) Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 22.2(a):
(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 14 and Clause 15, except Clauses 14.2(a), 14.2(e), 14.2(h), 14.2(i) and 14.2(j) or otherwise agreed;
(ii) the Parent shall be released from its obligations under all provisions in Clause 16;
(iii) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Undertaking Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(iv) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;
(v) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and
(vi) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (i) - (iv) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.
(c) All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.
Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
22.3 Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.
48

22.4 Access to information

(a)

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from

the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation

to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly

stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond

Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully

discharged.

(b)

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under

this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes

of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

22.5 Amendments All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

22.6 Notices, contact information

(a)

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond

Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and

the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at

Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given

or made as follows:

(i) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(ii) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

(b) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and

(iii) if by fax, when received.

(d) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

(e)

When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following

shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

49

(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

22.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

(a)

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this

Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor,

shall be governed by Norwegian law.

(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

(c) This Clause 22.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.
*****

cy
50

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

For and behalf of CURATO BIDCO AS as Issuer

For and behalf of CONRAD HOLDCO AS as Parent

Signature
M M f/t OHJJf^serkj
Name with capital letters
Title
For and behalf of CURATO AS as Guarantor

Signalure
M/fm Vt-u/tvsøv
Name with capital letters
Title
For and behalf of CURATO RØNTGEN AS as Guarantor

Signature
M rn t/l 17H1AIS6&U
Name with capital letters
Title
For and behalf of

Signature
M /hV /t T /h jA & se W
Name with capital letters
Title

Title
51

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

CURATO GROUP SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 069467.2

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate [for the period [period]] / [issued in connection with [relevant circumstance pursuant to Clause 14.3(b)]].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 14.3 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change

which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer

since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2. the undertakings set out in Clause 15 are satisfied; and

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

[Calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio are enclosed.]

Yours faithfully, Curato Bidco AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

52
J

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Attachment 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: +4 7 22 87 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs,
CURATO GROUP SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2013/2018 - ISIN 001 069467.2
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that:
(a) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result from the release from the Escrow Account; and
(b) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Curato Bidco AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

53

