EXECUTION VERSION

ISIN NO 001 0713522

BOND AGREEMENT between
Sanjel Corporation (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
7.5 per cent. Sanjel Corporation Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019

#4864810/1

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION............................................................................................. 2 2. THE BONDS.................................................................................................... 9 3. LISTING ........................................................................................................ 9 4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY.........................................................9 5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.................................................................. 10 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................................................................................. 10 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................................................. 11 8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND GUARANTEES............................................................. 13 9. INTEREST .................................................................................................... 14 10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.......................................................... 14 11. PAYMENTS................................................................................................... 16 12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS....................................................................... 17 13. COVENANTS................................................................................................. 17 14. FEES AND EXPENSES........................................................................................ 24 15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................................................ 25 16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................... 28 17. THE BOND TRUSTEE ........................................................................................ 31 18. MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................. 32

#4864810/1

1 (39)

This agreement has been entered into on 18 June 2014 between

(1)

Sanjel Corporation, a company existing under the laws of Alberta, Canada with registration

number 202536504, as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number

963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Book Equity" means on any date the aggregate amount which would in accordance with GAAP be shown in the Issuer's financial statements as the shareholders' equity of the Group on a consolidated basis.

"Book Equity Ratio" means Book Equity to Total Assets.

"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and New York.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).

"CAD" means Canadian Dollars, being the legal currency of Canada.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.1.

"Capital Lease" means, with respect to any person, any lease of property, real or personal, which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be classified and

#4864810/1

2 (39)

accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of a lessee, but for certainty, excluding any operating leases (determined in accordance with GAAP as at December 31, 2010).
"Cash Management Arrangements" means all liabilities and obligations of the Obligors arising under cash or treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts, interstate depository network services, wire payments and account netting and pooling services) or any similar services which any Obligor maintains with a lender under the Senior Finance Documents.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, other than the MacDonald Family Trust or Donald MacDonald or any member of his family or a corporation wholly owned by such persons acquires Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Credit Card Obligations" means all indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Obligors to the credit card facility lenders. The credit card facility is used for commercial purposes (including commercial credit cards and purchasing cards) not to exceed, in aggregate for all such credit card facilities, CAD 10 million or the equivalent amount thereof.
"Cure Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 15.1.
"Current Ratio" means the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.
"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate book value of the consolidated assets of the Group which are treated as current assets in accordance with GAAP less the aggregate book value of any restricted cash (where restricted cash means cash which is both pledged and blocked).
"Current Liabilities" means on any date the aggregate book value of the consolidated liabilities of the Group which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with GAAP, excluding the current portion of long term debt, the current portion of amortised loan issuance costs, and liabilities to non-controlling interests.
"Dataroom" means a virtual dataroom maintained by the Issuer for the Purpose of distributing Interim Accounts and Financial Statements pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. Access to the Dataroom for other parties than the Bond Trustee will be made through password to be reset each quarter.
"Debt Incurrence Test" means compliance with the following debt incurrence test (calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group and on a 12 months trailing basis):
(a) the ratio of Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be no greater than 4.5:1; and
(b) the ratio of Secured Debt to EBITDA shall be no greater than 2.5:1.
The calculation of a) and b) above shall be made as per the last day of the most recently completed calendar month prior to the incurrence of the applicable Financial Indebtedness (the "Testing Date"), after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such Financial

#4864810/1

3 (39)

Indebtedness and any other Financial Indebtedness incurred after the Testing Date (including pro forma application of the proceeds thereof).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Distributions" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3 (General Covenants).
"EBITDA" means, on a consolidated basis for the Group and on a 12 months trailing basis, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Guarantees, (iv) the Subordination Agreements, and (v) any other document designated by the Bond Trustee and the Issuer as a Finance Document.
"Financial Assistance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 13.3 (General Covenants).
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

#4864810/1

4 (39)

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any Capital Lease or any hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such accounts to include profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and explanatory notes relating to the financial results and operations of the Group in the relevant period.
"GAAP" means the Canadian Accounting Standards for Private Enterprise.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means each unconditional on-demand guarantee from a Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other of the Finance Documents on a joint and several basis, subject to applicable limitations under mandatory law applicable to such Guarantor.
"Guarantors" means, initially, the companies listed in attachment 2 (Original Guarantors) and any other party becoming a Guarantor pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement.
"Interest Bearing Debt" means at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), all interest bearing debt in accordance with GAAP.
"Interest Payment Date" means 19 June and 19 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such accounts to include profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and explanatory notes relating to the financial results and operations of the Group in the relevant period.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 19 June 2014.

#4864810/1

5 (39)

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Liquidity" means, at any given time, the sum of:
(a) the aggregate book value of cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an acceptable bank to which the Issuer has free and unrestricted access, including on any account that is pledged but not blocked; and
(b) any undrawn amount freely available for drawdown with no restrictions present under any credit facility.
An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:
(i) a commercial bank, savings bank, treasury branch, trust company or other commercial lender which has credit rating of minimum "A3/A-" from Standard & Poor's or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations; or
(ii) a bank or financial institution which is authorized to carry on banking business in Norway, the United States or Canada.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, Pareto Securities AS.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, and/or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) any of the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 19 June 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Permitted Joint Venture" means a joint venture engaged in a business substantially the same as that carried on by the Group today.

#4864810/1

6 (39)

"Permitted Senior Bank Facilities Security" means any guarantees and Security granted (or to be granted) to secure or guarantee the obligations under any Senior Bank Facility or guarantee related thereto that secures the obligations under such Senior Bank Facility only, save that it may be extended to also secure and guarantee the obligations under:
(a) any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging (interest or currency) provided that any such hedging arrangements shall be entered into with the relevant hedging providers (or their affiliates) also being Senior Finance Parties;
(b) any liability incurred by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer to any Senior Finance Parties or their affiliates, in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and other guarantees or letter of credit issued by such lender(s), all to be within the ordinary course of business of the Group;
(c) the Credit Card Obligations; and
(d) the Cash Management Arrangements.
"Quarter Date" means each of 31 July, 31 October, 31 January and 30 April.
"Revolving Credit Facility" means the existing extendible senior secured revolving credit facility under which the Issuer is borrower from commercial banks and other commercial lenders led by Alberta Treasury Branches as facility agent of CAD 650 million (with an accordion of an additional CAD 100 million, the "Accordion"), divided into a term loan facility of CAD 620 million (where currently CAD 549 million is outstanding) and a working capital facility of CAD 30 million (where currently CAD 22 million is outstanding) having its maturity date on 30 September 2017. Extensions of up to 3 years may be requested annually by the Issuer; the determination of each lender as to whether to extend its maturity date is made by such lender in its sole discretion.
"Sanjel Luxembourg" means Stonecreek Capital International Ltd.
"Secured Debt" means at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), all interest bearing debt in accordance with GAAP which are secured over any assets of the Issuer and/or any Group Company.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Senior Bank Facilities" means the Revolving Credit Facility, or any refinancing, amendments or replacements of any such facility with a new set of commercial banks or other commercial lenders, based on market terms at the time of such refinancing, amendment or replacement, irrespective of maturity date, amount and other conditions.
"Senior Finance Parties" means the lenders and other finance parties under the Senior Bank Facilities.

#4864810/1

7 (39)

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordination Agreements" means any agreements or undertakings given by any party for the purpose of subordinating debt to the amounts outstanding under the Bond Loan Agreement or any Finace Document pursuant to the terms of this Bond Loan Agreement.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Threshold Test" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 8.2 (Status of the Bonds and Guarantees).

"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with GAAP be shown in the Issuer's financial statements as the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state, any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

#4864810/1

8 (39)

2. 2.1 2.1.1
2.1.2
2.2

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1. This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
The Bonds The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 300,000,000 (U.S. Dollar three hundred million).

The Face Value is USD 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "7.5 per cent. Sanjel Corporation Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0713522.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be used:

(a) firstly, in amount equalling CAD 100 million, towards reducing (but not cancelling) the Revolving Credit Facility; and

(b) secondly, with the balance of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue, towards a partial reduction and cancellation (in the amount of that repayment) of the Revolving Credit Facility commitment.

3.

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated market or on Oslo Børs

ASA's Nordic ABM, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

#4864810/1

9 (39)

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and no prospectus has

been filed in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for

registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or file any prospectus in respect of

the Bonds.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond

Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to

it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) confirmation from the Issuer that no event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Event of Default or which would constitute (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) an Event of Default;

(b) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(c) the Guarantees, duly executed by all Guarantors and evidence that any steps required to give full effect to the Guarantees have been taken (if any);

(d) the relevant Subordination Agreements duly executed;

(e) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and of the Obligors to execute the applicable Finance Documents;

(f) a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(g) certified copies of the Certificate and Articles of Incorporation, Certificate of Status or other similar official document for the Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing;

(h) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(i) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

#4864810/1

10 (39)

(j) to the extent necessary, any public authorisationsrequired for the Bond Issue;

(k) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(l) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(m) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue; and

(n) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents).

6.2

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.

6.3

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written

notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents set out in

Clause 6.1 have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the

Issuer.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a corporation, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms except as enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity and bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or laws affecting creditor's rights generally and by moratorium laws from time to time in effect, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

#4864810/1

11 (39)

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constating documents; or (iii) any material agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
(i) All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) all material authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the consolidated assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in

#4864810/1

12 (39)

its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND GUARANTEES

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds and each

Guarantee shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior unsecured obligations of the

Issuer and the respective Guarantor, as the case may be (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application), and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including accrued

but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be guaranteed by Guarantees from:

(a) Subsidiaries that in aggregate (i) own (directly) no less than 80% of the Total Assets, measured on the basis of the latest quarterly financial statements, and (ii) deliver no less than 80% of the Group's EBITDA (the "Threshold Test");

(b) the Subsidiaries listed in Attachment 2 of this Bond Agreement; and

(c) such other Subsidiaries required to be guarantors under the Senior Bank Facilities from time to time;

provided, in case of (b) and (c) above that such guarantors have also provided effective Security over substantially all of its assets in support of the Senior Bank Facilities.

#4864810/1

13 (39)

8.3

If a Subsidiary is not required to be a guarantor under the Senior Bank Facilities such

Subsidiary Guarantor may resign or not become a guarantor, provided that the Threshold

Test is satisfied (as documented in a form satisfactory to the Trustee).

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at a fixed rate of seven point five per cent. (7.5%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date being the Interest Payment Date in December 2014.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment

Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding,

the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.6

Whenever interest is computed on the basis of a year (the "deemed year") which contains

fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of

interest shall be expressed as a yearly rate for the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada) by

multiplying such rate of interest by the actual number of days in the calendar year of

calculation and dividing it by the number of days in the deemed year.

10.

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.1 10.1.1

Call Option The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in whole or in parts) at any time from and including:
(a) the Issue Date to, but not including, 19 June 2017 at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 105% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on 19 June 2017; and

#4864810/1

14 (39)

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including 19 June 2017;

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable US Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until 19 June 2017) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Securities Depository and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) 19 June 2017 to, but not including, 19 December 2017 at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);

(c) 19 December 2017 to, but not including, 19 June 2018 at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);

(d) 19 June 2018 to, but not including, 19 December 2018 at a price equal to 101.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds); and

(e) 19 December 2018 to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis of the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.1.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.1.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.1.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.1.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.1 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.2 10.2.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.2.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.2.3 The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the

#4864810/1

15 (39)

redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.2.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 11.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be

#4864810/1

16 (39)

exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 11.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12.

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13.

COVENANTS

13.1 13.1.1

General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

#4864810/1

17 (39)

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which with the giving of notice or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default and any other event which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Trustee in writing if any Obligor agrees to sell or dispose of all ora substantial part of its assets or operations (unless such sale or disposition is permitted under the Bond Finance Documents), or make a material change to the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available to the Trustee in the Dataroom in the English language as soon as they becomeavailable, and not later than 90 days after the end of the financial year;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts other than for the final quarter of the Issuer's financial year and make them available to the Trustee in the Dataroom in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;
(e) without being requested to do so, provide access to the Dataroom to the Bond Trustee at all times for its own use (including by providing updated passwords upon passwords being reset);
(f) provide access to the Dataroom to Bondholders and potential bondholders requesting access and, without being requested to do so, do all things necessary (including providing updated passwords upon passwords being reset) to enable (i) the Manager to provide access to the Dataroom to Bondholders and potential bondholders requesting, and (ii) the Bond Trustee to provide access to Bondholders requesting access;
(g) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(h) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications which any Obligor is required to send to creditors of such Obligor, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(i) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(j) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;
(k) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond Trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly); and
(l) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

#4864810/1

18 (39)

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13 and the Threshold Test, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its and each Obligor's respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any amalgamation, merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation of business

The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business, and shall ensure that no Guarantor shall cease to carry out its business if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect. Further, the Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the principal business of the Group taken as a whole. The principal business of the Group taken as a whole shall be servicing the global oil and gas exploration and production industry including, without limitation, hydraulic fracturing stimulation; primary and remedial cementing; acid; chemical and solvent stimulation; coiled tubing, intervention and stimulation; nitrogen and CO2 pumping; coal bed methane stimulation; and owning and operating transload facilities and sand mines.

(e) Disposal of business

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Guarantor shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

#4864810/1

19 (39)

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not and shall ensure that no Guarantor shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
(i) the Senior Bank Facilities;
(ii) any derivative hedging related to the Group's hedging policy, entered into with any of the Senior Finance Parties (or their affiliates);
(iii) obligations incurred by any Obligor towards its trade creditors (inter alia credit from suppliers, prepayments from customers and similar obligations incurred towards other counter parties) in the ordinary course of business and as part of the normal operations of such Obligor;
(iv) any liability incurred by the any Obligor to financial institutions in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees or letter of credit in the ordinary course of business of the Group;
(v) any liability incurred in respect of the Credit Card Facilities and the Cash Management Arrangements;
(vi) any netting arrangements (permitting the netting of balances credited or debited to certain accounts with the account bank under the Senior Bank Facilities);
(vii) any Capital Leases permitted under paragraph g (xv) below;
(viii) any lien arising by operation of law; and
(ix) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed USD 30 million.
(g) Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Guarantor shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Revolving Credit Facilities provided that any increase of the aggregate commitment or any utilisation of the Accordion or any other accordion shall be subject to satisfaction of the Debt Incurrence Test;
(ii) any new facilities refinancing or replacing the Revolving Credit Facilities, provided that any increase of the aggregate commitment of such new facilities

#4864810/1

20 (39)

compared to the aggregate commitment of the Revolving Credit Facilities immediately prior to such refinancing or replacement, and any later increase of aggregate commitment, shall be subject to satisfaction of the Debt Incurrence Test;
(iii) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Credit Card Obligations and the Cash Management Arrangements;
(iv) Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Obligor to another Obligor;
(v) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Finance Documents;
(vi) senior unsecured capital markets debt maturing at least 1 year after the Maturity Date for the Bonds, always subject to satisfaction of the Debt Incurrence Test;
(vii) other than as set out in (iv) above, any subordinated inter-company loans within the Group, subject to a subordination and turn-over agreement approved by the Trustee;
(viii) obligations under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;
(ix) obligations incurred by a Group Company towards its trade creditors (inter alia suppliers and other counter parties) in the ordinary course of business and as part of the normal operations of such Group Company;
(x) any recourse liability incurred by any Obligor in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, advance payment guarantees and other guarantees or letter of credit issued by such financial institution;
(xi) any Financial Assistance permitted pursuant to paragraph h) below;
(xii) any netting arrangements (permitting the netting of balances credited or debited to certain accounts with the account bank under the Senior Bank Facilities);
(xiii) attributable debt under operating leases (determined in accordance with GAAP as at December 31, 2010) to the extent such operating leases constitute Financial Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not exceeding CAD 125 million or the equivalent amount thereof in any other currency at any time;
(xiv) any Financial Indebtedness owing by the Issuer to a shareholder or affiliate of the Issuer subject to subordination and turn-over agreement acceptable to the Trustee;
(xv) any Financial Indebtedness owing by a Guarantor to Sanjel Luxembourg (but only to the extent permitted by the Senior Bank Facilities and provided Sanjel Luxembourg remains (directly or indirectly) wholly owned by the Issuer);

#4864810/1

21 (39)

(xvi) Capital Leases, subject to satisfaction of the Debt Incurrence Test at the time such Capital Lease is entered into; and
(xvii) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (xv) above) that in total do not exceed USD 30 million.
(h) Financial assistance
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Guarantor shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent) ("Financial Assistance"), to or for the benefit of any party, other than any of the following:
(i) Financial Assistance to another Obligor;
(ii) Financial Assistance provided to MacBain Properties Ltd. in an aggregate amount not at any time in excess of CAD 10 million in aggregate or the equivalent amount thereof in any other currency;
(iii) Financial Assistance in connection with the Senior Bank Facilities and the other obligations referred to in the definition of Permitted Senior Bank Facilities Security;
(iv) Financial Assistance provided by an Obligor by way of an equity injection in or loan to Sanjel Luxembourg to the extent a corresponding loan is being advanced by Sanjel Luxembourg to an Obligor;
(v) any bid or performance bonds and advance payment guarantees granted by a Group Company in respect of a Permitted Joint Venture or a Subsidiary Guarantee to the extent such guarantee or bonds are provided in the ordinary course of business and provided that, in respect of any Permitted Joint Venture, all such guarantees or bonds are provided on a pro-rata basis between the joint venture participants;
(vi) Financial Assistance provided by way of the delivery of a guarantee in favour of a person of the indebtedness of Subsidiaries which are not Guarantors (other than Sanjel Luxembourg) in an aggregate amount not at any time in excess of CAD 30 million or the equivalent amount in any other currency;
(vii) Financial Assistance to Subsidiaries which are not Guarantors (other than Sanjel Luxembourg) and for certainty including financial support in connection with the delivery of a guarantee and a payment under a guarantee, up to an aggregate amount, determined at the time any such support is provided (or, in the case of a payment under a guarantee, at the time such payment is made) equal to 7.5% of EBITDA for the rolling four (4) fiscal quarters measured on the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such financial support is provided, increased by, to the extent not already included in EBITDA, all cash distributions and cash repayments received during the previous four (4) fiscal quarters by the Issuer or a Guarantor from any Subsidiaries which are not Guarantors;

#4864810/1

22 (39)

(viii) Financial Assistance not otherwise included above, provided to persons not otherwise included above, in an aggregate amount not at any time in excess of CAD 5 million or the equivalent amount in any other currency.
(i) Distributions - Issuer
The Issuer shall not:
(i) declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind;
(ii) repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer);
(iii) make any payment (interest or amortizations) under any loans from any shareholders or on any instrument having a similar effect as a loan; or
(iv) grant any loans or make other distributions or transactions constituting a transfer of value to its shareholders;
(items (i)-(iv) collectively referred to as the "Distributions") in excess of CAD 20 million during the fiscal year ended 30 April 2015, and thereafter, during each fiscal year, 40% of the consolidated net annual profit after taxes per financial year for the Group, based on the Financial Statements for the previous financial year beginning with the results of the fiscal year ended 30 April 2015.
Any un-utilized portion of the permitted Distributions pursuant to the above may be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.
(j) Distributions - Guarantors
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Guarantors to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any such Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions or extend loans to its shareholders, other than such restrictions included in any of the Senior Bank Facilities.
(k) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any Guarantor to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), on terms which are materially less favourable to the Obligor than would be obtainable or reasonably expected to be obtainable at the time in an arm's length transaction.
(l) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation, and shall ensure that no Guarantor changes its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation without the prior written consent of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
(m) Insurance

#4864810/1

23 (39)

The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall procure that each Guarantor shall, maintain in full force and effect such policies of insurance in amounts issued by insurers of recognized standing covering its properties, assets and operations as is customarily maintained by persons engaged in the same or similar business of similar size or holding the same or similar properties, assets or operations in the localities where such properties, assets or operations are located.

(n) Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall procure that each Group Company, carry on its business in accordance with prudent industry practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.4 Financial Covenants
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond Issue, such covenants to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified in the Compliance Certificates:

(a) Book Equity Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio of minimum 30%.

(b) Liquidity

The Issuer shall maintain minimum Liquidity of CAD 30 million.

(c) Current Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Current Ratio of minimum 1:1.

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and

#4864810/1

24 (39)

expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Bonds were then due.

15.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach of other obligations

Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Breach of financial covenants

If the Issuer fails (or would otherwise fail) to comply with any Financial Covenant at a Quarter Date, and the Issuer receives cash proceeds in the form of any new equity or subordinated debt (the "Cure Amount") prior to the delivery of the Compliance

#4864810/1

25 (39)

Certificate for the relevant period ending on such Quarter Date, then such Financial Covenant shall be recalculated after giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments:
(i) Book Equity and Total Assets shall each be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount;
(ii) Liquidity shall be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount; and
(iii) Current Assets shall be increased by an amount equal to the Cure Amount,
and if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the Issuer is in compliance with the requirements of all Financial Covenants, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of such Financial Covenants as of the relevant original Quarter Date of determination as though there had been no failure to comply with such requirement, and the applicable breach or default of such Financial Covenants which had occurred shall be deemed to have been cured.
An equity cure pursuant to this Clause 15.1(c) may only be utilized once during each of the Issuer's fiscal years.
(d) Cross default
If for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of CAD 20,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(e) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(f) Insolvency

#4864810/1

26 (39)

(i) Any Obligor, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.
(ii) The value of the assets of any Obligor that is required to be a Guarantor in order to meet the Threshold Test is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(g) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.
(h) Creditors' process
any Obligor having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (c) above.
(i) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.
(j) Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this

#4864810/1

27 (39)

Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.1.

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 16.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

#4864810/1

28 (39)

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

#4864810/1

29 (39)

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 16.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' Meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

#4864810/1

30 (39)

17.

THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 17.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

#4864810/1

31 (39)

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

#4864810/1

32 (39)

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2.1

Bond Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

#4864810/1

33 (39)

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (g), (j), (k) and (l), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed; and

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 18.4.1

Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

#4864810/1

34 (39)

18.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 18.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

#4864810/1

35 (39)

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer:
By: Name: Title:

SIGNATORIES: Bond Trustee:
bv
Name: Title:

S sL 'tl

#4864810/1

36 (39)

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer:

SIGNATORIES: Bond Trustee:

Bv3:

\

'

Name: t>artn M acDonald

Title: President and CMref &veca+ive. Officer

Bv: Name: Title:

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

ATTACHMENT 1 Compliance Certificate

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

7.5 per cent. Sanjel Corporation Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 13 (Covenants) are satisfied;

3.

in accordance with Clause 13.4(a) , the Book Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX;

4.

in accordance with Clause 13.4(b) , the Liquidity as of [date] is XX;

5.

in accordance with Clause 13.4(a) , the Current Ratio as of [date] is XX; and

6.

in accordance with the Threshold Test, the Guarantors (i) own (directly) no less than 80% of

the Total Assets, measured on the basis of the latest [Financial Statements] / [Interim

Accounts], and (ii) deliver no less than 80% of the Group's EBITDA.

Copies of our latest [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Sanjel Corporation

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

#4864810/1

37 (39)

ATTACHMENT 2 Original Guarantors

Company Name

Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Sanjel Canada Ltd.

Alberta

Sanjel Investment Corp.

Alberta

Suretech Group Ltd.

Alberta

Suretech Completions Canada Ltd.

Alberta

Terracor Group Ltd.

Alberta

Terracor Canada Ltd.

Alberta

Terracor Logistics Canada Ltd.

Alberta

Terracor Resources Canada Ltd.

Alberta

Terracor (USA) Inc.

Delaware

Terracor Resources (USA) Inc.

Delaware

Terracor Logistics (USA) Inc.

Delaware

Sanjel (USA)Inc.

Montana

Sanjel Capital (USA) Inc.

Delaware

Suretech Completions (USA) Inc.

Delaware

Stonecreek Technologies Inc.

Luxembourg

Sanjel Middle East Ltd.

Barbados

Suretech International Holdings Limited

Barbados

Sanjel Latin America Ltd.

Barbados

Registration/Corporate Number
2017458643 206283483 2016485902 2016411932 2017995453 2017995461 2017994340 2017995438
4983604 4983603 4983601
N/A 4987676 5074536 B165576
38164 37867 38164

#4864810/1

38 (39)

