EXECUTION VERSION ISIN NO 001 068232.1 (TRANCHE A) ISIN NO 001 068233.9 (TRANCHE B)
BOND AGREEMENT
between
Northland Resources AB (pubi.) as Issuer
Northland Resources S.A. Northland Sweden AB Northland Logistics AB Northland Logistics AS
Northland Exploration Sweden AB as Guarantors
and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee
on behalf of
the Bondholders
in the bond issue
15 per cent Northland Resources AB Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2019 with Warrants

Advokatfirma Selmer DA
Tjuvholmen Allé 1
P.O.Box 1324 Vika N-01120slo
m +4723 11 65 00

'

!§&(nAiL.

'ItS >>

Clause

CONTENTS

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.............................................................................................. 3

2. THE BONDS AND THE WARRANTS.......................................................................... 19

3. LISTING ....................................................................................................... 20

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY........................................................20

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS.................................................................... 21

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................................................................................21

7. DRAWINGS FROM AND TRANSFERS BETWEEN THE ESCROW ACCOUNTS............................. 26

8. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................................................27

9. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY................................................................... 30

10. INTEREST...............................................................

30

11. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.............................................................31

12. PAYMENTS.....................................................................................................33

13. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS.......................................................................... 34

14. GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY...............................................................................35

15. INFORMATION COVENANTS.................................................................................. 36

16. GENERAL COVENANTS........................................................................................38

17. FEES AND EXPENSES........................................................................................ 48

18. EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................................................ 49

19. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING...................................................................................53

20. THE BOND TRUSTEE.........................................................................................55

21. MISCELLANEOUS..............................................................................................58

#4073842/1

2 (127)

This agreement has been entered into on 6 June 2013 between

(1)

NORTHLAND RESOURCES AB (PUBL.), (a company existing under the laws of Sweden with

company registration no. 556656-1675) as issuer (the "Issuer");

(2)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company

registration no. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee");

(3)

NORTHLAND RESOURCES S.A., (a company existing under the laws of Luxembourg with

company registration no. B 151.150 with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies' Register)

as guarantor (the "Parent Guarantor");

(4)

NORTHLAND SWEDEN AB, (a company existing under the laws of Sweden with company

registration no. 556767-8254) as guarantor (the "Project Guarantor");

(5)

NORTHLAND LOGISTICS AB, (a company existing under the laws of Sweden with company

registration no. 556656-1717) as guarantor (the "Swedish Subsidiary");

(6)

NORTHLAND LOGISTICS AS, (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company

registration no. 997 117 050) as guarantor (the "Norwegian Subsidiary", and together with

the Swedish Subsidiary, the "Issuer Subsidiaries"); and

(7)

NORTHLAND EXPLORATION SWEDEN AB, (a company existing under the laws of Sweden

with company registration no. 556651-7172 as guarantor (the "Northland Exploration").

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"5% Board Discretion" has the meaning as set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.

"Acceptable Bank" means any reputable international bank selected by the Issuer with at least A- rating from Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited.

"Account" means each of the following accounts with an Acceptable Bank:

(a) the Escrow Accounts;

(b) the Earnings Accounts; and

(c) any other accounts at any time established by any member of the Debtor Group (other than the Excluded Bank Accounts).

"Account Bank" means each Acceptable Bank in which the relevant member of the Group holds an Account.

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Account Pledges" means the following account pledges:

#4073842/1

3 (127)

(a) the Escrow Accounts Pledges;
(b) the Operating Expense Accounts Pledges; and
(c) the Earnings Accounts Pledges.
"Additional Bonds" has the meaning given in Clause 10.1.
"Assignments of Insurances" means first priority assignments (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) of the insurance proceeds under the Insurances granted by each member of the Debtor Group entitled to receive insurance payments, to the extent permitted under the relevant agreement or otherwise agreed with the relevant counterparty.
"Atlas Copco Equipment" means the mine drilling equipment required in respect of the construction and operation of the Kaunisvaara Project and the subject of a financial lease arrangement between the Issuer (or any Issuer Subsidiary) and any member of the Atlas Copco group of companies.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Schedules to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Directors" means the directors nominated, maintained or replaced by the Bondholders as set out in Clause 16.25(a) and 16.25(b).
"Bond Intercompany Claim" means the intercompany claim between the Issuer as borrower and the Parent Guarantor as the lender which will arise as a result of the Change of Issuer under the terms of the Second Lien Bond Agreement, in a principal amount and on terms (in respect of interest, interest payment and principal) equal to the Second Lien Bonds, thus mirroring all payment obligations of the Second Lien Bonds.
"Bond Issue" means collectively, the Initial Bond Issue and the Tap Bonds (if any).
"Bondholder" means the Initial Bondholder and the Tap Bondholder.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 0.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, being the Initial Bonds, the Tap Bonds and the Additional Bonds.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"CAD" means Canadian dollars, being the legal currency of Canada.
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 11.2.

#4073842/1

4 (127)

"Caterpillar Equipment" means the mobile mining equipment required in respect of the construction and operation of the Kaunisvaara Project to be delivered by Caterpillar that is subject of a financial lease arrangement between the Issuer (or any Issuer Subsidiary) and the lease provider.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Parent Guarantor, excluding (i) acquisition of a Decisive Influence as a result of any Share Pledge Enforcement and (ii) any acquisition of a Decisive Influence by the Consortium arising as a result of the exercise of rights to appoint nominees for directorships on the board of the Parent Guarantor as contemplated by the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Change of Issuer" means the Parent Guarantor assuming all the obligations and rights of the Issuer under the Finance Documents (as defined in the Second Lien Bond Agreement), substituting the Issuer and becoming the new issuer in respect of the Second Lien Bonds.
"Charge over Inventory" means a first priority charge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over the Norwegian Subsidiary's inventory (including unfinished and finished goods, fuels and other consumables) (No: varelagerpant).
"Charge over Machinery and Plant" means a first priority pledge/charge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over the Norwegian Subsidiary's machinery and plant (No: driftstilbehørspant).
"Charge over Trade Receivables" means a first priority charge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over the Norwegian Subsidiary's trade receivables (No: factoringpant).
"Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding" means the short term funding provided to members of the Group by certain trade creditors (other than Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB and Peab AB) in the period following the commencement of the Reconstruction Proceedings and prior to the Issue Date.
"Compliance Certificate" has the meaning given to it in Clause 15.4.
"Consortium" means the industry investor consortium that has subscribed for the Tranche B Bonds (as contemplated by the Master Restructuring Term Sheet).
"Corporate Mortgages" means the first priority corporate mortgage (Sw: företagshypotek) (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) in respect of corporate mortgage certificates issued or to be issued, as follows:
(a) by the Issuer, in an amount of SEK 700,000,000;
(b) by the Swedish Subsidiary, in an amount of SEK 100,000,000; and
(c) by each of the Project Guarantor and Northland Exploration, in an amount of SEK 25,000,000.
"Debtor Group" means the Issuer and the Guarantors.

#4073842/1

5 (127)

"Debt Ratio" means the ratio of debt to equity.
"Debt Service Accounts" mean debt service accounts denominated in USD and NOK, respectively, in the name of the Issuer, each with an Acceptable Bank located in Norway, that were pledged on a first priority basis (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds), but which are now no longer pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 21.2.
"Disposal Proceeds" means the disposal proceeds in connection with the Finnish Release.
"Drawdown Conditions" means the conditions as set out in Clause 7.1.
"Drawdown Period" shall have the meaning given in to it Clause 7.2.
"Drawdown Test" shall have the meaning given in to it Clause 7.4.
"DSA Release" means the release starting 3 May 2013 of approximately USD 30,000,000 (subject to fx movments) in the Debt Service Accounts to the Issuer.
"Earnings" means all earnings of any Obligor in connection with the Kaunisvaara Project.
"Earnings Accounts" mean earnings accounts denominated in each Relevant Currency in the name of the Issuer, each with an Acceptable Bank located in Norway, pledged on first priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement), but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Earnings Accounts Pledges" means first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) governed by Norwegian law over the Issuer's claim against the relevant Account Banks for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors in the respective Earnings Accounts.
"Engineer" means an engineer appointed by the Bond Trustee,
"Escrow Accounts" means the escrow accounts denominated in each Relevant Currency in the name of the Issuer, each with an Acceptable Bank located in Norway, pledged on first priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) and blocked in favour of the

#4073842/1

6 (127)

Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Accounts Pledges" means the first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) governed by Norwegian law over the Issuer's claim against the relevant Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in each Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set off rights.
"EUR" means the currency of the Participating Member States.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 0.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Excluded Bank Accounts" means the Accounts where the funds standing to the credit of such Accounts secure any obligations towards agreements with Vattenfall Eldistribusjon AB (as defined in Schedule 3, item 5), Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB (as defined in Schedule 3, item 1 and 3), Peab AB with subsidiaries, the Mining Inspectorate, Lanstyrelsen and Caterpillar in such amounts as are granted as security, but in no event in excess of a maximum aggregate amount of USD 35,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
"Existing Shareholders" means the Parent Guarantor's shareholders immediately prior to the extraordinary general meeting on 28 June 2013 or any adjourned meeting in case the required quorum has not been met on 28 June 2013.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means
(a) this Bond Agreement;
(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 17.1;
(c) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);
(d) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(e) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents; and
(f) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement or designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

#4073842/1

7 (127)

Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the Issuer's and or the Parent Guarantor's (as the case may be) audited consolidated (except the Issuer's annual accounts for 2012 which may be unaudited) annual financial statements for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"Finnish Group" means Northland Mines Oy with the company registration number 20030899 NMOY and its Subsidiaries.
"Finnish Release" means the release of the Finnish security over the shares in Northland Mines Oy and intercompany receivables owing to the Parent Guarantor from members of the Finnish Group, as a result of a disposal of the Finnish Group.
"Fixed and Floating Charge over Vehicles" means first priority fixed and floating charges (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over motor vehicles, construction machinery and railway material (No: pant i motorvogner, anleggsmaskiner og jernbanemateriell) owned by the Norwegian Subsidiary.
"Fixed Rate" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.1.
"Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.3.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial

#4073842/1

8 (127)

Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"GBP" means the pound sterling, the official currency of the United Kingdom and certain other territories.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means joint and several, unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee (No: päkravsgaranti) from the Guarantors as set out in Clause 0.
"Guarantor" means each of the Parent Guarantor, the Project Guarantor, the Issuer Subsidiaries and Northland Exploration.
"Initial Bonds" means Tranche A Bonds and Tranche B Bonds.
"Initial Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Initial Bonds.
"Initial Bondholder" means a holder of the Initial Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Initial Warrants" means the right to subscribe for new shares in the Parent Guarantor in relation with the Initial Bond Issue, as set out in the Warrants Terms and Conditions.
"Insurances" means any insurance in connection with the Kaunisvaara Project covering the following matters (to the extent they continue to be relevant to the Kaunisvaara Project and subject to customary deductibles and exclusions):
(a) mining construction and erection risks in connection with the Kaunisvaara Project to cover all materials, equipment, supplies, machinery forming part or intending to form part of the Kaunisvaara Project including permanent and temporary works, structures, spare parts, consumables, fuels and oils, common facilities and facilities which are improvements, tie-ins, connections and additions, modifications to existing facilities, pipelines and all other property and the mobile plant and equipment of the mining fleet;
(b) third party liability insurance to cover personal injury, bodily injury to or illness of third parties (whether fatal or not) and loss of or damage to or loss of use of property including all other direct or indirect or consequential loss resulting from loss of or damage to property belonging to third parties;
(c) marine cargo transportation insurance to cover project cargoes (e.g. machinery); and
(d) project delay insurance.
"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan (which shall include cross-default provisions in respect of an Event of Default) between any member of the Debtor Group as lender and any other member of the Debtor Group as borrower.

#4073842/1

9 (127)

"Intercompany Security" means the following Security, which shall be granted as security for all outstanding amounts under any Norwegian Intercompany Loan, and sub-charged as direct Security for all outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and to the extent permitted by applicable law):

(a) the Fixed and Floating Charge over Vehicles;

(b) the Charge over Machinery and Plant;

(c) the Charge over Inventory; and

(d) the Charge over Trade Receivables.

"Intercreditor Agreement" means an Intercreditor Agreement dated on or about the date hereof, entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Bond Trustee as trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the bondholders of the Second Lien Bonds and any other creditor that shall share the Security pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

"Interest Payment Dates" mean 15 July and 15 January each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer and the Parent Guarantor for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date (save in respect of the Parent Guarantor where no such accounts will be prepared as of the Quarter Date 31 December), drawn up according to GAAP.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.

"Issue Date" means 6 June 2013.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons Decisive Influence.

personor persons whohas over whom the Issuerhas

"Kaunisvaara Project" means the development, construction and operation of the Issuer's iron ore project at Kaunisvaara in northern Sweden, comprising upon completion the Tapuli and Sahavaara mines, and associated processing plant and related tailing management facility, and the development, construction and operation of a logistics solution for the delivery, shipment and, when necessary, storage of iron ore concentrate from Kaunisvaara to the port of Narvik.

"Lease Agreement Pledges" means the first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over each lease agreement over real estateentered into byany Debtor Group (except for the Parent Guarantor), to the extent permitted under the relevant agreement or otherwise agreed with the relevant counterparty and to the extent possible to notify the relevant counterparty about the pledge.

"Lease Right Pledges" means a first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) of any purchase option right in relation to any Caterpillar Equipment or Atlas Copco Equipment to be granted as soon as possible after the Issuer or

#4073842/1

10 (127)

TE5

any of its Subsidiaries incorporated in Sweden has entered into such lease agreements including any option rights, to the extent permitted under the relevant agreement or otherwise agreed with the relevant counterparty.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being Artie Securities ASA and Pareto Securities AS.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means:
(a) the Parent Guarantor's ownership, directly or indirectly, in the Project Guarantor is reduced below 100%, other than following a Share Pledge Enforcement;
(b) the Project Guarantor's ownership, directly or indirectly, in the Issuer or Northland Exploration is reduced below 100%;
(c) the Issuer's ownership, directly or indirectly, in any of the Issuer Subsidiaries is reduced below 100%; or
(d) a Finnish Release occurs.
"Master Restructuring Term Sheet" means the master restructuring term sheet dated 30 May 2013, as set out in Schedule 5.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Debtor Group (taken as a whole);
(b) the Issuer's or the any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 15 July 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Metso and Peab Board Member Rights" means Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB and Peab AB right to nominate one candidate for directorship in the Parent Guarantor and the Project Guarantor and its Subsidiaries to the Nomination Committee as set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Minimum Ratio" has the meaning given to it in Clause 16.12(c).
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Nomination Committee" means the committee of directors established to appoint candidates to the board of directors of the Parent Guarantor.
"Norwegian Intercompany Loan" means any Intercompany Loan to the Norwegian Subsidiary as borrower, which loan shall become immediately due and payable if an Event of Default has been declared and enforcement of any Security has been initiated.

#4073842/1

11 (127)

"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Offtake Contracts" means the iron ore supply agreements between the Issuer and:
(a) Stemcor UK Ltd dated 3 June 2010 (as amended);
(b) Standard Bank Pic dated 18 November 2010 (as amended); and
(c) Tata Steel UK Ltd dated 29 October 2010 (as amended),
or any other offtake contracts which may replace or be entered into in addition to any of the foregoing as long as such contracts are (i) not entered into on terms materially adverse to the terms of the offtake contracts set out in (a) to (c) above, (ii) in form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, and (iii) approved by the board of directors of the relevant members of the Debtor Group (as the Bond Trustee may deem appropriate), provided that the Bond Trustee has received relevant information about any such new contract and has been given reasonable time to consider the terms thereof prior to execution of such contract by the relevant parties.
"Operating Expense Accounts" mean operating expense accounts denominated in each Relevant Currency in the name of the Issuer, each with an Acceptable Bank located in Sweden, pledged, but not blocked, on a first priority basis (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Operating Expense Account Pledges" means the first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) governed by Swedish law (in the form of an unperfected pledge) over the Issuer's claim against the relevant Account Banks for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors in the respective Operating Expense Accounts.
"Original Second Lien Bonds" means
(a) the unlisted bonds represented by the 12,25% Northland Resources AB (publ.) senior secured bond issue 2012/2016 issued by the Issuer pursuant to the bond loan agreement dated 19 December 2012 consisting of a series of bonds in the amount of USD 20,000,000, each with a denomination of USD 1 (ISIN NO 001 001066799.1); and
(b) the bonds represented by the 13.00% Northland Resources AB (publ.) Senior Secured Bond Issue 2012/2017 issued pursuant to a bond loan agreement dated 5 March 2012 with a NOK tranche consisting of a series of bonds in the amount of NOK 460,000,000, each with a denomination of NOK 1 (ISIN NO 001 063613.7) and a USD tranche consisting of a series of bonds in the amount of USD 270,000,000, each with a denomination of USD 1 (ISIN NO 001 063619.4).
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

#4073842/1

12 (127)
TE3

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds, being Nordea Bank Norge ASA.
"Permitted Cash Collateral" means the cash collateralisation in respect of new liabilities owing by the Group to Peab AB or its subsidiaries incurred after the Issue Date, in a maximum aggregate amount of USD 10,000,000.
"Permitted Financial Leases" means the following financial leases which may be entered into by the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary:
(a) in respect of Caterpillar Equipment, in the amount of up to USD 50,000,000;
(b) in respect of Atlas Copco Equipment, in the amount of up to USD 8,000,000;
(c) any other lease provider (replacing any of (a) or (b) above; and
(d) other financial leases in the aggregate amount of up to USD 60,000,000,
and where any liability to the respective lessor under such financial leases may be secured by any assets which are subject to the respective leases and any substitute therefore, including insurances related to the leased assets and lease reserves.
"Permitted Hedging Obligation" means any Financial Indebtedness of any member of the Debtor Group (other than the Parent Guarantor) in relation to the Kaunisvaara Project being made for the purpose of hedging its interest rate, currency and/or commodity exposure and not for speculative purposes, of which up to an aggregate amount of USD 20,000,000 (or the corresponding amount in other currencies) may be secured by the Security Interests on a third ranking basis behind the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (but which shall have no voting rights and no enforcement rights).
"Permitted Upstream Advances" means the upstreaming of cash from the Issuer to the Parent Guarantor to address funding requirements at the level of the Parent Guarantor as follows:
(a) USD 2,800,000 from the funds made available to the Issuer by way of the DSA Release;
(b) USD 15,000,000 out of the proceeds of the issue of the Bonds;
(c) USD 2,500,000 on a quarterly basis beginning July 2013; and
(d) funds required to satisfy payments under the Waterfall, in particular any payments due under the Bond Intercompany Claim.
"Pledge of Intercompany Loans" means:
(a) the first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over Intercompany Loans; and

#4073842/1

13 (127)

(b) the Sub-Mortgage.
"Pledge of Material Contract Receivables" means a first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over any proceeds to be received by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries incorporated in Sweden from any material Project Documents with building contractors to the Issuer or its Subsidiaries incorporated in Sweden, to the extent permitted under the relevant agreement or otherwise agreed with the relevant counterparty.
"Post-Restructuring Pro Forma Equity" has the same meaning as the term 'NRSA PostRestructuring Pro Forma Equity' as set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Prepayment Facility" means a prepayment facility of up to the equivalent amount of USD 50,000,000 with one or more banks or partners for the purpose of receiving prepayment from the relevant counterparty for consignments of iron ore concentrate in advance of the due date thereof.
"Project Budget" means the combined budget of operational and capital expenditure and trade payables associated with the Kaunisvaara Project which shall;
(a) in all events include a budget of costs related to the logistics chain through Narvik port, including, but not limited to any capital expenditures related to the terminal to be constructed at Pitkajarvi and required roads, railroads, buildings, machinery and equipment in relation thereto, a copy of which shall be delivered by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee on or prior to the Issue Date; and
(b) be reasonably detailed and include the timing of all operational and capital expenditures at least on a quarterly basis, forming the basis for the assessment of whether the Drawdown Conditions are met. In assessing the sources of cash, any operational cash flow estimated in the Drawdown Period shall at the time of drawdown be based on fair assessments and assumptions inter alia on prevailing FX rates, iron ore price and production profile.
"Project Construction Plan" means the detailed plan for the construction of the Kaunisvaara Project.
"Project Documents" means the material project agreements set out in Schedule 3.
"Project Group" means the Project Guarantor, the Issuer and the Issuer Subsidiaries.
"Put Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 11.3.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Real Property Mortgages" means the first priority real estate mortgages (Sw: Fastighetsinteckning / No: pant i fast eiendom) (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) by the Issuer or other relevant members of the Debtor Group over:
(a) Pajala, Kaunisvaara 13:20 in an amount of SEK 800,000,000;
(b) Pajala, Kengis 8:3 in an amount of SEK 1,500,000;

#4073842/1

14 (127)

(c) Kaunisvaara 9:13 in an amount of SEK 250,000;
(d) Kaunisvaara 7:4 in an amount of SEK 250,000;
(e) Kaunisvaara 7:1 in an amount of SEK 250,000; and
(f) any other real property owned or to be owned by an Debtor Group in an amount of no less than the market value of such property as soon as possible after the relevant Obligor's ownership to such properties has been registered in the cadastral register.
"Relevant Currencies" means NOK, SEK, EUR, USD, GBP and CAD.
"Reconstructor" means Lars Soderqvist in his capacity as reconstructor appointed to the Company and certain other Group entities pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (Sw.; Lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion),
"Reconstruction Plan" means the plan of reconstruction for the reconstruction of the Issuer and certain other Group entities pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (Sw.: Lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion), the key terms of which are in all material respects consistent with what is set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Reconstruction Proceedings" means the reconstruction of the Project Guarantor, the Issuer and the Swedish Subsidiary pursuant to the Swedish Act on reconstruction (Sw.: Lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion).
"Restructuring" means the restructuring of the capital structure of the Debtor Group as further set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Schedule" means the schedules to this Bond Agreement.
"Second Lien Bonds" means the Original Second Lien Bonds as amended and restated by an amendment and restatement agreement dated on or about the date hereof.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 20.4.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 21.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
From and including the Issue Date:

#4073842/1

15 (127)

(a) the Escrow Accounts Pledges; From and including first drawdown from any Escrow Account: (a) the Account Pledges; (b) the Assignments of Insurances; (c) the Charge over Inventory; (d) the Charge over Machinery and Plant; (e) the Charge over Trade Receivables; (f) the Corporate Mortgages; (g) the Fixed and Floating Charge over Vehicles; (h) the Guarantees; (i) the Lease Agreement Pledges; (j) the Lease Right Pledges; (k) the Pledge of Intercompany Loans (l) the Pledge of Material Contract Receivables; (m) the Real Property Mortgages; (n) the Security Sale; and (o) the Share Pledges. "Security Sale" means a Security Sale (Sw: Lbsbrekop) of all machinery and equipment acquired by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries incorporated in Sweden, from time to time, in its operations, other than: (a) fixtures and fittings to land (Sw: fastighetstillbehor); (b) fixtures and fittings to buildings (Sw: byggnadstillbehor); (c) machinery and equipment with a purchase price of less than USD 100,000 (or its
equivalent in any another currency) per item; and (d) machinery and equipment with an expected useful life of less than two (2) years. "SEK" means Swedish krona, being the lawful currency of Sweden. "Shareholder Approvals" means the shareholder approvals granted in an extraordinary general meeting of the Parent Guarantor as set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet, for approvals of, inter alia, such amendments to the articles of association of the Parent Guarantor as may be required in order to implement the Restructuring, including

#4073842/1

16 (127)

'T E 3

but not limited to, acceptance by the Parent Guarantor of the granting of certain conversion rights and the issue of warrants as contemplated by the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Share Pledge Enforcement" means any enforcement action and any action related to an enforcement action by the bondholders and/or the bond trustee under the Second Lien Bonds as described in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet (to the extent permitted pursuant to applicable law) initiated, following the occurrence of an event as described in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet, against, inter alia, the share pledge granted over the shares in the Project Guarantor in order to take control and/or possession of the shares as further set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Share Pledges" means first priority pledges (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over all the shares (100%) in:
(a) the Issuer;
(b) Northland Exploration;
(c) the Issuer Subsidiaries; and
(d) any other Subsidiary ofthe Project Guarantor.
"Significant Future Agreements" means the agreements concerning the Kaunisvaara Project set out in Schedule 4.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Sub-Mortgage" means the first priority sub-mortgage (No: frempantsettelse) (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) in favour of the Bond Trustee of any Intercompany Security.
"Subscriber" means each person who wishes to subscribe for the Bonds.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Tap Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Tap Bonds.
"Tap Bond Issue Date" means the date of issuance of any Tap Bonds.
"Tap Bondholder" means a holder of Tap Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Tap Bonds" means any and all further Tranche A Bonds issued pursuant to Clause 2.2.2.
"Tap Warrants" means the rights to subscribe for new shares in the Parent Guarantor in relation with the Tap Bond Issue, as set out in the Warrants Terms and Conditions.
"Trade Claims" has the meaning given in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.
"Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding" means the liquidity funding advances to the Issuer under two separate loan agreements, provided by Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB and Peab

#4073842/1

17 (127)

t > s >

AB, respectively, in an aggregate principal amount of approximately USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
"Tranche A Bondholders" means a holder of the Tranche A Bonds, as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Tranche A Bonds" means the tranche of the bonds issued pursuant to Clause 2.2.1.
"Tranche B Bondholders" means a holder of the Tranche B Bonds, as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Tranche B Bonds" means the tranche of the bonds issued pursuant to Clause 2.2.1.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
"Waterfall" has the meaning given to it in Schedule 7 of this Agreement.
"Working Capital Facility" means a working capital facility of up to the equivalent amount of USD 70,000,000 with one or more banks or partners for the purpose of providing working capital to the Issuer from the start of production at the Tapuli mine.
"Warrantholder" means the holders of the Warrants.
"Warrants" means the Initial Warrants and the Tap Warrants.
"Warrants Terms and Conditions" means the agreed warrants terms and conditions, effective as of the date of issuance of the Warrants entitling the Warrantholders to Warrants and their conversion into equity of the Parent Guarantor on the terms set out therein, a copy of which is attached as Schedule 6.
Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;
(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;
(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and
18 (127)

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

THE BONDS AND THE WARRANTS

2.1

Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 21.1.

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 2.2.1

The Bonds
Initial Bonds
The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Initial Bonds in the principal maximum amount of USD 335,000,000 (U.S. Dollar three-hundred-and-thirty-six million), divided into (i) Tranche A Bonds in the principal maximum amount of USD 250,000,000 (U.S. Dollar twohundred-and-fifty-million) (plus the principal amount of any Tap Bonds and any Additional Bonds) and (ii) Tranche B Bonds in the principal maximum amount of USD 85,000,000 (U.S. Dollar eighty-five-million) (plus the principal amount of any Additional Bonds).The Initial Bonds shall be issued at a price of 93% of par value.

2.2.2

Tap Bonds
The Issuer may resolve to issue Tap Bonds, without the approval of the Bondholders, in an aggregate principal amount of up to USD 50,000,000.

For the avoidance of doubt, existing Bondholders shall not be required to purchase any Tap Bonds, and purchasers of any Tap Bonds shall become Bondholders for the purpose of this Bond Agreement.

The Tap Bonds shall be offered to the Tranche A Bondholders on a first refusal basis.

2.2.3

General
The Face Value of the Bonds is USD 1 and the minimum subscription and allotment amount is USD 200,000 and integral multiples of USD 100,000 thereof. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 068232.1 for the Tranche A Bonds and NO 001 068233.9 for the Tranche B Bonds.

The Bond Issue will be described as "15 per cent Northland Resources AB (publ.) Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2019 with Warrants".

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the respective Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

#4073842/1

19 (127)

The allocation of the Bonds to the Subscribers will be made at the sole discretion of the Managers, who, in so allocating to each Subscriber, shall take into consideration the following matters, amongst others; (i) the number of Second Lien Bonds held by that Subscriber (if any), (ii) the timeliness of that Subscriber's application for subscription, (iii) the amount of Bonds that Subscriber applies for subscription and (iv) the investor quality if that Subscriber.

2.3

The Warrants

By subscribing to the Initial Bonds, promptly after the Shareholder Approvals, each Initial Bondholder will be allocated a pro rata share of the Initial Warrants.

The number of Tap Warrants will be calculated as follows: Number of Warrants initially issued in respect of Tranche A x the nominal value of Tap Bonds issued/250,000,000.

By subscribing to the Tap Bonds, promptly after the Tap Bond Issue Date (but in any event not before the date of the Shareholder Approvals), each Tap Bondholder will be allocated a pro rata share of the Tap Warrants relative to the number of Tap Bonds issued to each Tap Bondholder as a portion of the total number of Tap Bonds.

The Warrants shall be separately tradable from the Bonds and shall not be linked to the Bonds after their issue.

The ISIN of the Warrants will be NO 001 IX.

The Warrants shall be governed by the Warrants Terms and Conditions.

2.4

Purpose and utilization

The proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees, legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and their advisors and any other costs and expenses, including legal fees, in relation to the Restructuring and Master Restructuring Term Sheet) shall be applied towards (i) financing various costs, capital expenditure and working capital in connection with the development of the Kaunisvaara Project, (ii) refinancing of the Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding and/or the Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding and (iii) transfer of funds as provided for in Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11).

LISTING

3.1

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the

Issuer, on another reputable Exchange.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

Registration

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository. Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through the Securities Depository.

4.2

Notifications

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

#4073842/1

20 (127)

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

US Securities Act

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.1 6.1.1

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Conditions precedent - Issue Date Transfer of the net proceeds of the Initial Bonds to an Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date: (a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Guarantors to issue the Initial Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Guarantors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and the Guarantors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Guarantors;

(e) a confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists as at the date of such confirmation;

(f) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and the unaudited unconsolidated financial statements for the first quarter of 2013;

(g) the Master Restructuring Term Sheet approved by the requisite majority of bondholders (in a bondholders meeting) under the Second Lien Bond;

(h) written evidence that the restructuring of the capital structure of the Debtor Group as contemplated by the Master Restructuring Term Sheet is approved by the Reconstructor;

#4073842/1

21 (127)

(i) written confirmation from each of Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB (and any relevant subsidiaries) and Peab AB (and any relevant subsidiaries) that the commercial arrangements both dated 3 May 2013 and entered into by the Issuer and (i) Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB (and any relevant subsidiaries) and (ii) Peab AB (and any relevant subsidiaries,) respectively, extend, in each case, to the Master Restructuring Term Sheet;
(j) satisfactory evidence (by written confirmation from the Reconstructor in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that
(i) all creditors with a claim against the Issuer, the Project Guarantor and the Swedish Guarantor in excess of SEK 2,600,000; and
(ii) substantially all creditors with a claim against the Norwegian Subsidiary have approved the Reconstruction Plan and the composition included therein (or similar plan in respect of the Norwegian Subsidiary);
(k) written confirmation by the Reconstructor that that he will file the Reconstruction Plan with the District Court and that the conditions of the creditor's and the court's approval of the composition proposal in the Reconstruction are fulfilled;
(l) a copy of the Project Budget and the Project Construction Plan in the form prepared by the Issuer and confirmed by its and the Project Guarantor's board of directors;
(m) satisfactory evidence (by written confirmation in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee) that, in respect of the notice from the Parent Guarantor to Oslo Børs sent 24 May 2013 at 18:23, (i) the Debtor Group has restarted its operations, and (ii) the account control notice issued by the Bond Trustee on Friday 24 May 2013 has been withdrawn;
(n) no Material Adverse Effect having occurred after 6 May 2013 other than such Material Adverse Effects contemplated to be resolved by the successful completion of the Restructuring;
(o) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(p) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(q) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;
(r) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 17.1, duly executed;
(s) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(t) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer and opinions related to the validity,

#4073842/1

22 (127)

perfection and enforceability of this Bond Agreement and the Escrow Accounts Pledge); and

(u) the Escrow Accounts Pledges duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers and all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Escrow Accounts Pledges (and any insurance covering the Security).

6.1.2

Transfer of the net proceeds of the Tap Bonds to an Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Guarantors to issue the Tap Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(b) a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Guarantors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(c) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer and the Guarantors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Guarantors; and

(d) a confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists.

6.2 6.2.1

Conditions precedent - pre disbursement
Release of the net proceeds of the Initial Bonds from an Escrow Account denominated in USD to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below (unless such requirement is waived by the Bond Trustee, acting in its sole discretion), in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer as set out in Schedule 2;

(b) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.4;

(c) confirmation from the Issuer that the DSA Release has been applied in full;

'(d) copy of the loan agreement for any intercompany loan provided to the Norwegian Subsidiary from any other member of the Debtor Group;

(e) a form of intercompany loan agreement for any intercompany loan to be applied for any member of the Debtor Group;

(f) confirmation from the Issuer that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (other than that expressly permitted) exists except for the indebtedness permitted in accordance with Clause 16.10;

(S) satisfactory evidence that the Insurances have been taken out;

(h) a duly executed compliance certificate approved by the Issuer's and the Project Guarantor's board of directors, evidencing that the proposed Drawdown Conditions

#4073842/1

23 (127)

from an Escrow Account have been calculated in accordance with the Drawdown Test, with additional certificates to be provided prior to any subsequent drawdowns in accordance with Clause 7.3;
(i) the Security Documents (except for the Escrow Accounts Pledges and the Guarantee granted by the Parent Guarantor), duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account bank), save for the perfection of (i) the Swedish law Account Pledge which shall be unperfected, (ii) the Swedish law Corporate Mortgage (to the extent corporate mortgage certificates have not already been issued) where the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee, (A) duly executed application forms for the issuing of the corporate mortgage certificates as a condition precedent, and (B) the corporate mortgage certificates as a condition subsequent as soon as reasonably possible (but not later than 45 days after disbursement; (iii) the Swedish law Real Property Mortgage (to the extent real estate mortgage certificates have not already been issued) where the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee, (A) duly executed application forms for the issuing of the real estate mortgage certificates as a condition precedent, and (B) the real estate mortgage certificates as a condition subsequent as soon as reasonably possible (but not later than 45 days after disbursement; and (iv) the Swedish law Security Sale where the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence of registration of the agreement with the Swedish Enforcement Authority as a condition subsequent as soon as reasonably possible (but not later than 45 days after disbursement;
(j) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from all security providers to execute the relevant Finance Documents;
(k) satisfactory evidence that the date for the Restructuring will occur no later than simultaneously with the first release of funds from an Escrow Account;
(l) no Material Adverse Effect having occurred after 6 May 2013 other than such Material Adverse Effects contemplated to be resolved by the successful completion of the Restructuring;
(m) the Finance Documents (unless delivered in accordance with Clause 6.1) duly executed, in form, scope and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(n) confirmation from the Issuer that each of the Offtake Contracts remain in full force and effect;
(o) satisfactory evidence that the Bond Directors nominated by the Bondholders and the directors nominated pursuant to the Metso and PEAB Board Members Rights have been elected as members of the boards of directors of the Project Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, provided that such Bond Directors nominated by the Tranche A Bondholders, Tranche B Bondholders and the directors nominated pursuant to the Metso and PEAB Board Members Rights have been nominated (and are electable) within 1600 hours CET, 3 June 2013; and
(p) all legal opinions requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Security Documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

#4073842/1

24 (127)
jfc2>

6.2.2

Release of the net proceeds of the Tap Bonds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) all documents under Clause 6.1 and 6.2 being delivered and being effective;

(b) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists as at the date of such confirmation; and

(c) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.4.

6.3 6.3.1

Additional Security Any additional Security will be granted:

(a) over any other assets of the Debtor Group, not captured by the security set out above reasonable required by the Bond Trustee; and

(b) as soon as reasonably practicable following the Shareholder Approvals, but in no event later than 31 July 2013 (except if a Share Pledge Enforcement has been initiated and completed) by the Parent Guarantor; (i) an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee, (ii) over the share the Parent Guarantor holds in Northland Mines Oy, (iii) over a first priority pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) over all shares in the Project Guarantor and (iii) over intercompany receivables owing to it from time to time from members of the Finnish Group.

6.3.2

The Bond Trustee is entitled to require that the amount on each security document set out above shall be increased if the value of the relevant assets is, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, significantly higher than the amount on the relevant security assets. This above right for the Bond Trustee to demand additional security and/or to increase the amount on any security document, shall not impose any obligation whatsoever on the Bond Trustee to make any enquiries or take any steps in order to verify the existence or value of any assets which are or may become subject to security.

6.4

Waivers

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3.

6.5

Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that therequired conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.6

Settlement

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.5, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

#4073842/1

25 (127)
lt3

6.7

Failure to satisfy conditions precedent

In the event that the conditions set out in Clause 6.2 are not satisfied or waived by the Bond Trustee on or prior to 12 July 2013 then all funds held in the Escrow Account denominated in USD shall be used to prepay the Bonds at 100% of par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest. >

DRAWINGS FROM AND TRANSFERS BETWEEN THE ESCROW ACCOUNTS

7.1

Following the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions set out in Clause 0 above, the Issuer

may make drawdowns from the Escrow Account (according to the purpose of the Bond Issue

as set out in Clause 2.4) as follows:

(i) prior to the Shareholder Approvals in an amount of USD 100,000,000; or

(ii) after the Shareholder Approvals or implementation of the Share Pledge Enforcement in quarterly drawdowns in amounts not excess of such amounts set out in the below table and subject to the Drawdowns Conditions

Relevant quarter

Amount (in USD)

1. 1 August 2013

120,000,000

2. 1 October 2013

120,000,000

3. 1 January 2014

Remaining balance

7.2

The permitted drawdowns of funds from the Escrow Accounts is subject to fulfilment of the

following conditions:

(a) the amount does not exceed the expenditure of the Issuer and the Debtor Group for the following six months as determined by the Project Budget (the "Drawdown Period");

(b) the drawdown is always in accordance with (a) the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.4, and (b) in accordance with the Project Budget;

(c) no cost overruns not fully financed (from any other source than the Bond Issue) have occurred (evidenced to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee); and

(d) no capital expenditures or costs in the Drawdown Period, and as presented in the Project Budget, are postponed or accelerated unless the Bond Trustee has received satisfactory evidence that such capital expenditures and costs are fully financed

7.3

The Issuer shall upon each drawdown request, deliver a duly executed compliance

certificate approved by the Issuer's and the Project Guarantor's board of directors,

evidencing that the proposed Drawdown Conditions from the Escrow Accounts has been

calculated in accordance with the Drawdown Test (as defined below).

7.4

To the extent any unspent amounts from the previous drawdown remain deposited in the

relevant Account, then the amount which the Issuer may withdraw from the relevant

#4073842/1

26 (127)

Escrow Accounts pursuant to a subsequent drawdown notice will be reduced by an amount equal to the unspent amount on the relevant Account, until such time as the relevant unspent amount is spent in full. The Drawdown Conditions from the Escrow Accounts shall be tested (the "Drawdown Test") and evidenced in a compliance certificate.

7.5

Following the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions set out in Clause 0 above, the Issuer

may without consent from the Bond Trustee fund an Escrow Account in any Relevant

Currency (provided that satisfactory evidence is provided to the Bond Trustee that the

amount to be transferred matches the Issuer's capital expenditure program according to

the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.4 in such Relevant Currency, and under

no circumstances will be used for speculation, and the Bondholders' Security Interest is not

adversely affected) from an Escrow Account denominated in another currency, being one of

the Relevant Currencies.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1

The Issuer and each of the Guarantors represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event of Default

(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

#4073842/1

27 (127)

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries, save for investigations of Oslo Bors.
(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities
As of the date of the Financial Statements, it had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, save for changes which are a result of the Restructuring.
(k) No misleading information

#4073842/1

28 (127)

The financial and accounting documents and information pertaining to the Group which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.

(l) Environmental compliance

It is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectual property

It has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.

(n) No withholdings

It is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(o) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 9.1.

(p) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

8.2

Repetition

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 8.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8.3 Written statement
The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from any Obligor confirming compliance with this Clause 0.

8.4

Indemnity

In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

#4073842/1

29 (127)

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

9.1

Status

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt. The Bonds shall be secured on first priority (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) on certain assets of the Issuer and the Guarantors as set out in this Bond Agreement

9.2

Security

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest.

INTEREST
10.1 Interest rate
(a) The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of fifteen per cent. (15%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate"). The accrued interest on the Outstanding Bonds up to and excluding 15 July 2015 shall be settled through the issuance of additional Bonds to the Bondholders (the "Additional Bonds") (for the avoidance of doubt, additional Tranche A Bonds shall be issued to the Tranche A Bondholders and additional Tranche B Bonds shall be Issued to the Tranche B Bondholders).

(b) The accrued interest on the Outstanding Bonds from and including 15 July 2015 shall be settled through cash payment. However, if the Issuer cannot pay any interest in cash on an Interest Payment Date (at the discretion of the Issuer), the accrued interest shall be settled through the issuance of Additional Bonds.

(c) The accrued interest on the Outstanding Bonds from and including 15 July 2016 shall be settled only through cash payment by the Issuer.

(d) The number of Additional Bonds allocated to a Bondholder holding Bonds shall be made by dividing (x) the total accrued interest amount of the Outstanding Bonds for the six months ending on the relevant Interest Payment Date with (y) the total number of Bonds of that Bondholder, provided that the total number of Additional Bonds allocated to a Bondholder shall be rounded to the nearest USD 1.00.

10.2 Interest Payment Dates
Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 15 July 2013 for the Initial Bonds and for the Tap Bonds being the first Interest Payment Date after the Issue Date for the Tap Bonds.

10.3 Calculation of interest payments
(a) The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

(b) The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the

#4073842/1

30 (127)

/Eib* "· s V '

number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

(c) The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest

=

Face

x

Fixed

x

Fixed Rate

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
11.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

11.2 11.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (in whole or in part of no less than the equivalent of USD 20,000,000, on pro rata basis both on pro rata basis between the Tranche A Bonds and the Tranche B Bonds and on pro rata basis between the bonds in each tranches) as follows (Call Option):

(a) at any time from 16 July 2016 until 15 July 2017 at 107.5% of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount,

(b) at any time from 16 July 2017 until 15 July 2018 (inclusive) at 105% of par plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount, and

(c) at any time from 16 July 2018 until 14 July 2019 (inclusive) at 102.5% of par plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

11.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

11.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rota (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

11.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

11.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

#4073842/1

31 (127)

If-<"'N.

11.3 11.3.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued and unpaid interest.

11.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

11.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

11.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 11.3.1) and any unpaid (or uncapitalised) interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11.4 11.4.1

Mandatory prepayment - sale or disposal of Subsidiaries
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall, at the earlier of (A) the day the relevant member of the Debtor Group receives the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Repayment Event (if any) and (B) 30 days after the event triggering the actual Mandatory Repayment Event, redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds (save as in the event of a Finnish Release where the redemption amount shall be limited to the Disposal Proceeds at par value (plus applicable accrued interest)) as follows:

(a) if occurring anytime from the Issue Date to (but not including) the Interest Payment date in July 2016, at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 110% of the par value discounted from the Interest Payment Date in July 2016; and

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest, as such interest shall be paid in full) through and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2016,

(iii) all calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable rate for Norwegian Treasury Bills/Government Bonds for the NOR Tranche and the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate for the USD Tranche (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in July 2016) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Securities Depository and the Issuer in connection with the such repayment; and

(b) if occurring anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to the Call Option as set out in Clause 11.2 (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

#4073842/1

32 (127)

11.4.2 For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

11.4.3 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 11.4, the entire amount held in the Escrow Accounts may be used as part payment in relation to the mandatory prepayment.

11.5 Mandatory redemption - Pre-disbursement conditions precedent
In the event the conditions precedent as set out in Clause 6.2 have not been fulfilled (or waived) prior to 12 July 2013, the Bond Trustee may demand immediate repayment of all the Bonds at 100% of their par value plus accrued interest, and the Issuer shall comply with any instructions from the Bond Trustee and do all such acts and things which may be required for release of funds from the Escrow Accounts and repayment.

PAYMENTS

12.1 12.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Interest Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

12.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 12.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

12.2 12.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 12.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

12.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 12.3.

12.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the relevant Obligors and the Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than those described in Clauses 12.2.1 or 12.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

12.2.4 Subject to Clause 12.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 12.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 12.1.1.

12.3 12.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made

#4073842/1

33 (127)

at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

12.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 12.3 within five Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

12.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

12.4 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

12.5 12.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 0 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

12.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 12.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

12.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clauses 18.1 -18.15, cf. Clauses 18.16(f).

12.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

|-2; ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

#4073842/1

34 (127)

GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
14.1 Guarantee The Guarantors jointly and severally, irrevocably and unconditionally:
(a) guarantee to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as for their own debt and not merely as surety the due and punctual performance by the Issuer of all its obligations under the Finance Documents and accept that the Bond Trustee may make a demand for payment to any and each of the Guarantors without any specific order;
(b) undertake with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that, whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantors shall, on the Bond Trustee's first written demand (No: pakravsgaranti) and in no event any later than five Business Days after the relevant Guarantor's receipt of such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs as if it were the principal obligor in respect of that amount, waiving all rights of objections and defences arising from the principal obligor with the written demand being the only requirement and evidence for the Guarantors having to pay any amount due under or in connection with any Finance Document; and
(c) agree with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that if, for any reason, any amount claimed by the Bond Trustee under this clause is not recoverable from the Issuer, then the Guarantor will be liable as a principal debtor and primary obligor to indemnify the Bond Trustee and each Bondholder for any loss each of them may incur as a result of the Issuer failing to pay any amount expressed to be payable by it under a Finance Document on the date when it ought to have been paid.
14.2 Waivers Each Guarantor hereby waives:
(a) any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of an Event of Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;
(b) any and all defences based on underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever, including, without limitation, any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third party for security or otherwise, and right to limit the liability under the guarantee provided hereunder resulting from any failure to give notice of any kind;
(c) any right to exercise right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document; and
(d) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or any other Obligor for payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

#4073842/1

35 (127)

14.3 Continuing guarantee This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, regardless of (i) any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part or (ii) the Bond Trustee enforcing any other security granted for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
14.4 Limitations The obligations of each Obligor under each Finance Document to which it is a party shall be limited by the mandatory provisions of law applicable to such Obligor limiting the legal capacity or ability of such Obligor to provide security or grant guarantees or indemnities for the obligations of another company, including, but not limited to:
(a) if incorporated in Sweden, the provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) regulating the distribution of values (including profits/dividends). It is agreed that the liability of the Obligors incorporated in Sweden under the Finance Documents only applies if and to the extent permitted by the above mentioned mandatory provisions of the Swedish Companies Act; and
(b) if incorporated in Norway, the provisions of sections 8-7 and 8-10 of the Norwegian Companies Act (No: aksjeloven) (13 June 1997 no. 44) (as amended from time to time) regulating unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and joint and several liability as well as the providing of security, and the liability of each Norwegian Guarantor only applies to the extent permitted by such provisions of the Norwegian Companies Act. If any such limitation is no longer applicable as a mandatory provision under Norwegian law, that limitation will no longer apply to the obligations under the Finance Documents.
14.5 Parent Guarantor Guarantee The Guarantee issued by the Parent Guarantor shall be effective at the date when the Shareholder Approvals has been given, but in any event no later than 31 July 2013 (except if a Share Pledge Enforcement has been initiated and completed).
INFORMATION COVENANTS The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 0.
15.1 Notification of default The Issuer shall without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
15.2 Miscellaneous information The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

#4073842/1

36 (127)

(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(c) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to notifications in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;
(f) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository;
(g) promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been started by or against any Obligor;
(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request; and
(i) at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
15.3 Financial statements (a) The Issuer shall without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and Interim Accounts, and make them available on the Parent Guarantor's website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 180 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 90 days after the end for the relevant quarter (for Interim Accounts).
(b) The Parent Guarantor shall without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and Interim Accounts and make them available on the Parent Guarantor's website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 90 days after the end of the relevant quarter (for Interim Accounts).
15.4 Compliance Certificate The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 15.3, confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 0, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a

#4073842/1

37 (127)

"Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.
GENERAL COVENANTS Each Obligor undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 0.
16.1 Ownership (a) The Issuer shall maintain, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership over 100% of the shares, and control over 100% of the voting rights, of each of the Issuer Subsidiaries;
(b) Other than in case of the implementation of the Share Pledge Enforcement, the Parent Guarantor shall maintain a 100% ownership, directly or indirectly, over all the shares and control over all of the voting rights of (i) the Project Guarantor, and (ii) the Issuer, following the merger between the Issuer and the Project Guarantor, with the Issuer is the surviving entity;
(c) The Project Guarantor shall maintain 100%, directly or indirectly, ownership over all the shares and control over all of the voting rights of the Issuer and Northland Exploration;
16.2 Dividends and other distributions (a) The Project Guarantor shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any loans (including intercompany loans) or other distributions to its shareholder (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued) (for the avoidance of doubt, the Parent Guarantor shall be entitled to convert short term loans extended to the Project Guarantor into equity), except for the Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11) and any financial support created under any Working Capital Facility, Prepayment Facility, Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding, Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding and Permitted Cash Collateral.
(b) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make any other distributions to its direct or indirect shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares) except for the Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11) and any financial support created under any Working Capital Facility, Prepayment Facility, Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding, Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding and Permitted Cash Collateral.
(c) The Issuer shall not, and no Issuer Subsidiary shall, repay any loan from, or make any loan to, the Parent Guarantor or the Project Guarantor, other than the Bond Intercompany Claim (to the extent permitted under the Finance Documents) and the Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11).
(d) The Issuer shall not, and no Issuer Subsidiary shall repay any Norwegian Intercompany Loan.
(e) The Project Group and the Parent Guarantor shall not agree to any conversion into shares of any Norwegian Intercompany Loan unless: (A) the Minimum Ratio is

#4073842/1

38 (127)

maintained after the conversion; and (B) the Bond Trustee has received at least 20 Business Days' prior written notice of the conversion.

(f) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Project Group shall procure that (other than as required by applicable law) no restrictions are imposed on any of the Issuer Subsidiaries that prevent or restrict them from distributing or lending cash to the other Issuer Subsidiary or to the Issuer (as applicable).

16.3 Pari passu ranking
The obligations of each Obligor under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 9.1.

16.4

Mergers, de-mergers and other corporate reorganisation (a) No member of the Project Group shall carry out:

(i) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of such member of the Project Group with any other companies or entities, other than a merger between the Issuer and the Project Guarantor with the Issuer as the surviving entity; or

(ii) any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting such member of the Project Group into two or more separate companies or entities,

if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Upon any de-merger, sub-division or other reorganisation permitted pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) above, the Obligors shall procure that any new entity formed in such event shall accede to this Bond Agreement and any other relevant Finance Document as a Party and Obligor according to an accession agreement in the form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee and the terms of this Bond Agreement, including but not limited to the restrictions, covenants and representations contained herein and including those which apply to the existing Issuer Subsidiaries, shall apply to such new entity in full.

(c) The Issuer and the Project Guarantor shall within 3 months of the Issue Date commence a merger with the Issuer as the surviving entity and which shall be completed as soon as reasonably possible thereafter, provided that:

(i) there will, in the Bond Trustee's sole opinion, be no adverse effect on the Bonds or the Second Lien Bonds; and

(ii) the Issuer will accede to all obligations of the Project Guarantor under the Security Documents (as relevant, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee).

16.5 Continuation of business No member of the Project Group shall cease to carry on its business.

#4073842/1

39 (127)

Disposal of business No member of the Project Group shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or change the nature of its business in a manner which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Investments and activity The Issuer shall not, and no Issuer Subsidiary shall invest or take part in any activity other than solely related to the Kaunisvaara Project and related matters, always subject to the restrictions in the Waterfall, and, as long as it is funded by sources outside the Project Guarantor, the Issuer and the Issuer Subsidiaries, exploration and development activities in the Kaunisvaara area.
Arm's length transactions (a) The Project Guarantor shall not engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction
with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Project Guarantor's and upon fair and reasonable terms and, except for any transaction with the Debtor Group, on terms that are no less favourable to the Parent Guarantor or the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(b) The Issuer shall not, and no Issuer Subsidiary shall engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms and, except for any transaction within the Debtor Group (other than with the Parent Guarantor), on terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
Negative pledge (a) The Parent Guarantor shall not and no member of the Project Group shall create or
permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues, present or in the future, except for any Security securing:
(i) this Bond Issue;
(ii) the Second Lien Bonds;
(iii) any security, including guarantees from other companies within the Group, arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services, reclamation bonds or other obligations of a like nature incurred, and security for letters of credit issued to assure payment of such obligations);
(iv) the Permitted Hedging Obligations;
(v) the Excluded Bank Accounts;
(vi) the Permitted Financial Leases;
40 (127)

(vii) the Working Capital Facility (provided such Security is subordinated to the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds and subject to intercreditor arrangements with, and satisfactory to, the Bond Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders and the bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds);

(viii) the Prepayment Facility (provided such Security, other than the creditors' right to receive repayment by way of delivery of iron or concentrate previously prepaid, is subordinated to the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds and subject to intercreditor arrangements with, and satisfactory to, the Bond Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders and the bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds);

(ix) the Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding provided such Security is subordinated to the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds and subject to intercreditor arrangements with, and satisfactory to, the Bond Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders and the bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds);

(x) the Permitted Cash Collateral (provided such Security is subject to intercreditor arrangements with, and satisfactory to, the Bond Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders and the bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds);

(xi) the Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding (provided such Security is subordinated to the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds and subject to intercreditor arrangements with, and satisfactory to, the Bond Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders and the bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds); and

(xii) Permitted Upstream Advances (provided such Security is subordinated to the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds and subject to intercreditor arrangements with, and satisfactory to, the Bond Trustee as trustee for the Bondholders and the bondholders under the Second Lien Bonds).

(b) The Project Group shall procure that no security shall be granted in favour of the Second Lien Bonds unless security over the same assets is simultaneously provided for the Bonds with senior priority, and always procure that an on demand guarantee is provided as security for the Bond from any company which may become the new issuer (and taking over) the payment obligations for the Second Lien Bonds (currently resting with the Issuer).

16.10

Financial Indebtedness The Project Group shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured), other than:

(a) any Financial Indebtedness under the Finance Documents;

(b) this Bond Issue;

(c) the Second Lien Bonds;

(d) the Trade Claims;

#4073842/1

41 (127)

Ttib

(e) the Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding;

(f) the Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding;

(%) the Permitted Financial Leases;

(h) the Permitted Hedging Obligations;

(i) the Working Capital Facility;

(j) the Prepayment Facility;

(k) the Permitted Cash Collateral;

(l) the Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11);

(m) any Financial Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of trading (including ordinary trade credit and guarantees) in the aggregate (for any other Financial Indebtedness than guarantees) not to exceed USD 10,000,000; and

(n) any intercompany loan from the Parent Guarantor or the Project Guarantor (if relevant), the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary provided all such loans become subordinated and are subject to Pledge of Intercompany Loans in favour of the Bond T rustee,

or any refinancing of the Financial Indebtedness as described in (a) to (n) above.

16.11

Permitted Upstream Advances
The Permitted Upstream Advances are suspended until the Bond Directors nominated by the Bondholders have been elected in accordance with Clause 16.25(d) and the directors nominated pursuant to the Metso and Peab Board Member Rights have been elected to the boards of the Project Guarantor and its Subsidiaries.

16.12

Intercompany loans (a) No member of the Project Group shall provide any loan to any other member of the
Project Group unless such loan is subject to a Pledge of Intercompany Loans.

(b) No member of the Project Group shall provide any loan to the Parent Guarantor or any loan to, or form of equity investment in, any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor not being a member of the Project Group, save for the Permitted Upstream Advances.

(c) The Issuer and each of the Issuer Subsidiaries shall ensure that the Issuer's and the Issuer's Subsidiaries' funding of the Norwegian Subsidiary is done by way of intragroup loans, which loans shall become immediately due and payable if an Event of Default has been declared and enforcement of any security has been initiated, so that the Norwegian Subsidiary at all times maintains the highest possible Debt Ratio that the Norwegian Subsidiary can legally maintain pursuant to applicable law and applicable accounting principles (the "Minimum Ratio").

#4073842/1

42 (127)

(d) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Issuer and the Issuer Subsidiaries shall procure that (other than as required by applicable law) no restrictions are imposed on any of the Issuer Subsidiaries that prevents or restricts them from distributing or lending cash to the other Issuer Subsidiary or to the Issuer (as applicable).

(ej The Issuer shall not, and no Issuer Subsidiary shall provide any loans to the Issuer or an Issuer Subsidiary (as the case may be), except to the extent such loans are subject to a first priority assignment/pledge (subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) in favour of the Bond Trustee as Security.

16.13

Bond Intercompany Claim (a) The Bond Intercompany Claim shall mirror identically the terms of the Second Lien
Bonds as regards interest, principal, repayment and maturity.

(b) The Parent Guarantor shall direct the Issuer to make all payments under the Bond Intercompany Claim prior to the enforcement of security directly to the bondholders of the Second Lien Bonds on behalf of the Parent Guarantor, subject to the Waterfall;

(c) The Bond Intercompany Claim will be subject to a pledge in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the bondholders of the Second Lien Bonds.

(d) The Bond Intercompany Claim will be subordinated on insolvency to the claims of the Bonds and the Second Lien Bonds by operation of the Intercreditor Agreement, into which, amongst others, the Issuer and the Parent Guarantor will enter into.

16.14

Financial support
(a) No member of the Project Group shall make, or allow to subsist, for the obligations of any third party not being an Obligor or a member of the Finnish Group and the Parent Guarantor shall not make or allow to subsist:

(i) any loans or credit;

(ii) any guarantee; or

(iii) any other financial assistance (including any indemnity or other assurance against financial loss, including Security),

except for Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11) and any financial support created under any Working Capital Facility, Prepayment Facility, Commercial Creditor Short Term Funding, Trade Supplier Liquidity Funding and Permitted Cash Collateral, and guarantees for the obligations of an Obligor or a member of the Finnish Group in the ordinary course of business.

16.15

Project Documents
(a) The Project Group shall perform and observe all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Document in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and take any and all actions as may

#4073842/1

43 (127)

be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents, in each case to the extent that failure to do so shall have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) The Project Group shall in respect of any Project Documents:

(i) not agree to the cancellation or termination thereof;

(ii) not dispose of (by operation of law or otherwise) any part of its interest;

(iii) not waive any default thereunder or any breach thereof; and/or

(iv) not amend, supplement, modify or give any consent or exercise any option thereunder,

except if it constitutes a substitution of the said Project Document permitted therein or to the extent that any such action would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c) The Project Group shall not make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Project Documents and/or its operations which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.16

Kaunisvaara Project
Each member of the Project Group shall procure that all contracts, feasibility studies, surveys, reports, mining licenses, exploration permits, environmental permits and other documents that are material to the Kaunisvaara Project are being entered into by, issued to or assigned to or held on trust for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Issuer Subsidiaries.

16.17

Finnish Release
The Finnish Release shall not be effected before the Issuer informs the Bond Trustee that a binding and irrevocable offer has been made to acquire the Finnish Group for an immediate aggregate purchase price of at least USD 50,000,000 (net of costs, expenses and taxes), provided that the Disposal Proceeds are applied in mandatory prepayment at par (plus applicable accrued interest) of the Bonds.

16.18

Environmental permits
(a) The Project Group shall procure that all environmental permits regarding the Kaunisvaara Project are maintained, take all necessary action to prevent the termination or withdrawal thereof and conduct the operations in compliance with all applicable environmental laws, regulations, decisions, permits and orders from relevant authorities.

(b) The Issuer shall promptly inform the Bond Trustee of any judgment, decision and any order/injunction from any authorities with respect to the Kaunisvaara Project, including but not limited to issues relating to existing environmental permits as well as the application process for an environmental permit under the Swedish Environmental Code (Sw: Miljobalken).

#4073842/1

44 (127)
'TIE'S

(c) The Issuer shall upon request from the Bond Trustee, provide information regarding the application process for an environmental permit with respect to the Kaunisvaara Project at the Land and Environmental Court (Umeå District Court).

16.19 Engineer The Issuer and each Issuer Subsidiary shall:

(a) take such measures as may be necessary to facilitate, if so requested by the Bond Trustee, on-site inspections by the Engineer, to be performed on such intervals or,, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, at an intensity and level so instructed by the Bond Trustee;

(b) provide the Engineer with full and unfettered access to all project control documentation, previous work, information, test results, samples and the like which are in its possession;

(c) provide monthly reports of the Kaunisvaara Project to the Independent Engineer (if so requested by the Bond Trustee); and

(d) within the due date of each invoice reimburse the Bond Trustee any fees and expenses invoiced by the Independent Engineer.

16.20

Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each Obligor will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.

16.21

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Obligors will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

16.22 Earnings Accounts payments The Issuer shall procure that:

(a) all Earnings of any member of the Debtor Group in connection with the Kaunisvaara Project shall be paid directly to an Earnings Account; and

(b) amounts deposited in the Earnings Accounts shall only be used for:

(i) servicing the Bonds;

(ii) application in accordance with the Waterfall;

(iii) costs and capital expenditures on the Kaunisvaara Project; and

(iv) Permitted Upstream Advances (subject to Clause 16.11).

#4073842/1

45 (127)

 S2»

16.23 Grant of Security Sale over additional machinery and assets Within 10 Business Days after:

(a) each Interest Payment Date; and

(b) each successive occasion on which the Issuer and/or the Swedish Subsidiary have acquired title to machinery and equipment which should be subject to a Security Sale with a value, on a cost basis, which when aggregated with all other such assets acquired by them since the last grant of a Security Sale, of USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies),

the Issuer and the Swedish Subsidiary shall, and shall procure that any other Subsidiary incorporated in Sweden (if any) will, grant in favour of the Bondholders, represented by the Bond Trustee, a Security Sale (Sw: Losbrekop) over all such machinery and assets acquired by them since the last grant of a Security Sale.

16.24

Rating
The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Issue obtains a credit rating from either Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Moody's Investors Services Limited within 31 December 2013, and when issued, keeps such rating until the Maturity Date.

16.25

Board member rights
(a) The Tranche A Bondholders will be entitled by written notice to nominate, maintain and replace (by way of majority decisions by the Tranche A Bondholders, pursuant to the rules in Clause 19.2 to 19.4 which shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Tranche A Bonds and Tranche A Bondholders only in relations to such a decision) one candidate for directorship at the board of the Parent Guarantor to the Nomination Committee.

(b) The Tranche B Bondholders will be entitled to nominate, maintain and replace (by way of majority decisions by the Tranche B Bondholders, pursuant to the rules in Clause 19.2 to 19.4 which shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Tranche B Bonds and Tranche B Bondholders only in relations to such a decision) three candidates for directorship at the board of the Parent Guarantor to the Nomination Committee.

(c) The directors of the Parent Guarantor will convene a general meeting to approve the appointment of such nominated persons and the Nomination Committee will propose and recommend such persons for election to the shareholders of the Parent Guarantor.

(d) The same principles as set out in 16.25(a) to 16.25(c) shall apply on identical terms for the board of the Project Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from the date of disbursement of the bonds as set out in Clause 0, and such board representation shall remain in place until the Shareholder Approvals have been obtained in full.

(e) If vacancies arise from time to time on the board of the Parent Guarantor, the board of the Parent Guarantor will co-opt persons to fill such vacancies so far as possible to effect the board member rights in this Clause 16.25.

(f) The board of the Parent Guarantor shall have a maximum of 7 directors.

#4073842/1

46 (127)

6=S

16.26

Amendments
The Parent Guarantor and the Project Group shall not accept any changes, amendments or waivers to the Master Restructuring Term Sheet which could be to detrimental to the Bonds.

16.27

Restrictions
None of the covenants in Clause 0 and 0 made by the Parent Guarantor shall restrict the Second Lien Bonds (or any of their representatives) from initiating and completing the Share Pledge Enforcement.

16.28 One class of shares The Parent Guarantor shall not create or allow to subsist more than one class of shares.

16.29

Make Whole Offer
The Parent Guarantor shall by 13 October 2013, offer to Existing Shareholders the right to subscribe for new shares in the Parent Guarantor equating to an aggregate subscription price of up to USD 50,000,000 at equal to or higher than the price implied by the conversion price of the Second Lien Bonds at that time. The proceeds of such offer of new shares shall be used for general corporate purposes.

16.30

5% Board Discretion
Subject to the Bond Directors having been elected in accordance with Clause 16.25 (Board member rights), and provided such candidates vote in favour of the exercise of the 5% Board Discretion, the Parent Guarantor may issue shares equating to 5% of the PostRestructuring Pro Forma Equity.

16.31 No dilution
Except for the exercise of any of (i) the Initial Warrants or (ii) the Tap Warrants or (iii) the 5% board Discretion or (iv) the Make Whole Offer or (v) any adjustments arising pursuant to the Second Lien Bonds, each of which shall have a dilutive effect, the Parent Guarantor shall not other than as with the consent of the Bond Trustee or majority Bondholders, allow any change to its share capital by way of:

(a) an increase of its share capital;

(b) a decrease of its share capital with or without cancellation of shares;

(c) a reverse stock split;

(d) a consolidation;

(e) a stock split;

(f) a sub-division;

(g) an amalgamation;

(h) redemption or buyback of shares; and

#4073842/1

47 (127)

(i) any other modification of the number of its issued shares or the amount of its share capital.
FEES AND EXPENSES
17.1 Bond Trustee fee agreement The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent). Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
17.2 Expenses The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
17.3 Public fees Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
17.4 Withholding tax The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders. If the Issuer is required by law to make a tax deduction or withholding from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required tax deduction or withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no tax deduction or withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing

#4073842/1

48 (127)
"res

to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT
The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

18.1 Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

18.2

Breach of other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

18.3 Cross default If for any member of the Debtor Group:

(a) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(b) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(c) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(d) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above of a total of USD 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply, and provided further that the Bond Trustee shall not be entitled to declare the Bonds to be in default where any of the circumstances contemplated within paragraph (a) to (d) above were existing as at the date of this Agreement.

18.4

Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

18.5 Insolvency (a) Any Obligor, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial

#4073842/1

49 (127)

difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(b) The value of the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

(c) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group

18.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for any Obligor, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;

(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(d) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

18.7 Creditors' process
Any Obligor has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets having an aggregate value of USD 10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) which is not discharged within 30 days.

18.8 Dissolution, appointment of liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to beappointed in respect of the Obligor.

18.9 Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document or any Project Document to which it is a party (but in the case of any Project Document, only to the extent that it would have a Material Adverse Effect).

18.10

Litigation
There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Obligor which may, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, have a Material Adverse Effect.

#4073842/1

50 (127)

18.11 Exploitation concession and Project Documents If:

(a) the Issuer and/or the Issuer Subsidiaries (as the case may be) no longer hold title to the exploitation concession and/or environmental permits required for the completion and operation of the Kaunisvaara Project; or

(b) any Project Document is terminated or cancelled.

18.12

Master Restructuring Term Sheet Any Obligor is in non-compliance with the contemplated Restructuring as set out in the Master Restructuring Term Sheet.

18.13 Board member rights Any failure to:

(a) elect and maintain the Bond Directors nominated by the Tranche A Bondholders, the Tranche B Bondholders and any nominated directors pursuant to the Metso and Peab Board Members Right as members of the boards of directors of the Project Guarantor and the Project Guarantor's subsidiaries and as replaced from time to time, from disbursement until the Shareholder Approvals have been obtained;

(b) provided that the respective Bond Directors and the directors pursuant to the Metso and Peab Board Member Rights have been nominated within 30 May 2013, complete any formal process to elect the nominated Bond Directors and the nominated directors pursuant to the Metso and Peab Board Members Right as members of the board of directors of the Parent Guarantor and as replaced from time to time within 7 August 2013; or

(c) after 7 August 2013, maintain the nominated Bond Directors and the nominated directors pursuant to the Metso and Peab Board Member Rights as members of the board of directors of the Parent Guarantor.

18.14

Material adverse effect
Any other event or circumstance which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

18.15

Restructuring and Reconstruction
An Event of Default in accordance with Clauses 18.3, 18.5, 18.6, 18.7, 18.8 or 18.10 which is covered by or is a direct result of the Restructuring or based on the Reconstruction Proceedings, shall not constitute an Event of Default as set out herein in Clause 0.

18.16

Acceleration
(a) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 to 18.15 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

#4073842/1

51 (127)

(b) The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(c) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 to 18.15 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting (with simple majority) has not decided on other solutions, or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
(d) Notwithstanding Clause 18.16(c), in the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 18.1 to 18.15 occurs and is continuing due to failure by the Parent Guarantor, the Project Guarantor and/or any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor to elect and maintain;
(i) the Bond Directors nominated by the Tranche A Bondholders;
(ii) the Bond Directors nominated by the Tranche B Bondholders; and/or
(iii) any nominated directors pursuant to the Metso and PEAB Board Members Right as members of the relevant company's board of directors,
the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment, if the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from, in the event of (i) above, the Tranche A Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of the Tranche A Bonds and/or, in the event of (ii) and (iii) above, the Tranche B Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds of the Tranche B Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting for the Tranche A Bondholders and Tranche B Bondholders respectively has not decided on any other solutions (with a simple majority of the Voting Bonds in the Tranche A Bonds or Tranche B Bonds respectively represented as such meeting and where such meeting shall be governed pursuant by the rules in Clause 19.2 to 19.4 which shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Tranche A Bonds or Tranche B Bonds and Tranche A Bondholders or Tranche B Bondholders, respectively, only in relations to such a decision).
(e) In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
(f) In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 18.1518.16(a) and 18.16(c) declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The

#4073842/1

52 (127)

1Ö Ss

claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 11.4.

(g) In case partial payments of any amount pursuant to this Bond Agreement, such payments shall be applied as set out in Clause 12.6. In case the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee the accumulated fees, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to seek funding for such fees from other sources. In such case the providers of such funding shall have the right of subrogation into the position of the Bond Trustee but be subordinated any further expenses and fees of the Bond Trustee.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
The provisions contained in this Clause 19 shall be subject to the terms contained in Clauses 16.25 and 18.16 (d) relating to separate voting rights of the Tranche A Bondholders and Tranche B Bondholders in the instances described therein.

19.1 19.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

19.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

19.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 20.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

19.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 19.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

19.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

19.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

19.2.4 The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each

#4073842/1

53 (127)

Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

19.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

19.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

19.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

19.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

19.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

19.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

19.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

19.3 19.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder

#4073842/1

54 (127)

presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

19.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

19.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 19.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

19.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 19.3.5.

19.3.5 A majority of at least 4/5 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

19.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

19.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

19.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

19.4 19.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 19.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

19.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (112) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

THE BOND TRUSTEE

20.1 20.1.1

The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

20.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of

#4073842/1

55 (127)

this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

20.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

20.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 20.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

20.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 20.1.3 and 20.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

20.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

20.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 20.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

20.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 19.3.5.

20.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

20.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

20.2 20.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

20.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer

#4073842/1

56 (127)

(including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

20.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 18.16(c)(i) or 19.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

20.3 20.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 0. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

20.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 0, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

20.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

20.4 Appointment of Security Agent 20.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

20.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

#4073842/1

57 (127)

20.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

MISCELLANEOUS
21.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

21.2 21.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 21.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders (or if the Bond Trustee so requires, to the Bondholders from time to time, represented by the Bond Trustee) cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of the higher of (A) principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date and (B) the Secured Obligations (as defined in the relevant Security Documents to be

#4073842/1

58 (127)

Tc'S

replaced by the Defeasance Pledge), as the case may be, or any other amount agreed between the Parties;
(b) no Event of Default shall result from or have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge (other than an Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such Defeasance Pledge), or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events (which shall include any application for bankruptcy or corporate re-organisation having been filed by any person in respect of an Obligor) are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;
(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;
(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (A) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (B) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders (or in favour of the Bondholders from time to time, represented by the Bond Trustee, as applicable) which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (C) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (D) any valuation of any assets or (E) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.
21.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 21.2.1:
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 0, except Clauses 0 and 0, except Clauses 15.1, 15.2(b), 15.2(e), 15.2(f) and 15.2(h)15.2(i) or as otherwise agreed;
(b) no Obligor shall take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

#4073842/1

59 (127)

30»

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

21.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

21.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of 18 May, 1979 no. 18.

21.4 Access to information

21.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

21.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

21.5 Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

21.6 21.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

#4073842/1

60 (127)
TES S3

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

21.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

21.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

21.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

21.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

21.7 21.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

21.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

21.7.3

Clause 21.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

#4073842/1

61 (127)

21.8 Process Agent The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.
*****
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

#4073842/1

62 (127)

SIGNATORIES:
For and on behalf of Northland Resources AB (publ.)
Issuer

For and on behalf of Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

 . Name: Capacity:

W Cfifel MäHS WWlJ/lW)

For and on behalf of Northland Resources S.A.
Parent Guarantor

For and on behalf of Northland Exploration Sweden A S
Guarantor

Name: K o W W / W Capacity:
For and on behalf of Northland Sweden AB

For and on behalf of Northland Logistics AB Issuer Subsidiary and Guarantor

Name: Capacity:

WOap>on M <5& W n ilu v ie fl

Name: K a d - f lx e U v a p la v i W a it ) K m a u n e w Capacity:

Northland Logistics AS Issuer Subsidiary;

Name :
Capacity:

Ujo^iovi H c Ä 'f»»nrtim ev)

#4073842/1

62 (72)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

SCHEDULE 1 Compliance Certificate

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Sirs,

[date]

15% NORTHLAND RESOURCES AB (PUBL) BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2019 - ISIN 001 068232.1 AND NO 001 068233.9
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 15.4 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.1

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 0 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement,

4.

no default is continuing (save for any default which has occurred and is continuing and

which shall not constitute an Event of Default pursuant to the Bond Agreement Clause

18.15);

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

[Northland Resources AB (publ)]

Name of authorized person

1 Save for, in relation to the Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Clause 6.1 and 6.2 of the Bond Agreement only, a Material Adverse Effect as a direct result of the Restructuring or Reconstruction Proceedings.

#4073842/1

64 (127)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

SCHEDULE 2 Release Notice - Escrow Account

[date]

Dear Sirs,
15% NORTHLAND RESOURCES AB (PUBL) BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2019 - ISIN 001 068232.1 AND NO 001 068233.9 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Northland Resources AB (publ)

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#4073842/1

65 (127)

SCHEDULE 3
Project D ocuments

Project Documents comprise the following agreements and, from the time they have been entered into, each of the Significant Future Agreements set out in Schedule 4.

Agreements

Description

Construction, Supply, Mine, Rail, Port, and Logistics Contracts
1 Process plant system agreement Agreement for the supply of mineral processing with Metso Minerals (Sweden) AB equipment and services for the two processing lines of dated 12 April 2012, as amended the Kaunisvaara Project, and basic engineering for the process plant system of the Kaunisvaara Project.
2 Process Plant System Long lead Agreement for the supply of long lead items in respect of items agreement with Metso the mineral processing plant for the Kaunisvaara Project. Minerals (Sweden) AB dated 15 February 2012, as amended

3 Life Cycle Service Agreement Agreement for the supply of mill lining components, a with Metso Minerals (Sweden mill liner handler and tools in relation to the processing (AB) dated 21 March 2012, as plant. amended

4 Mobile mining equipment supply Agreement for the supply of Caterpillar mobile mining agreement with PON Equipment equipment to us for use at the Kaunisvaara Project site. AB dated 26 March 2012, as amended

5 Power connection agreement Agreement for the construction of new overhead power with Vattenfall Eldistribution AB lines to the Kaunisvaara Project site. dated 20 December 2010, as amended

6 Agreement with Pdyry re Owners Agreement for the delivery of engineering consulting Engineer Kaunisvaara Project services in connection to the Kaunisvaara Project. dated 15 April 2011, as amended

7 Agreement with Fineweld Agreement for the engineering and design of all pump

Sverige AB re Water System stations and related civil works for the water and piping

Kaunisvaara dated 5 July 2011, systems for the Kaunisvaara Project.

as

amended

#4073842/1

66 (127)

Agreements 8 Civil Works and Building
Agreement with Peab Sverige AB dated 31 May 2011, as amended

Description Agreement for the civil works for the Project, including detailed engineering, foundations, buildings and related works.

Kaunisvaara earthworks,

9 Process Water Pond agreement Agreement for the establishment of a process water pond with BDX Företagen AB dated 21 at Kaunisvaara. June 2011, as amended

10 Agreement for supply of Agreement for the supply of explosives, accessories and explosives, accessories and services in connection with the Kaunisvaara Project. services with Forcit Sweden AB dated 27 January 2011, as amended

11 Removal

of

overburden Agreement to remove an overburden consisting of peat,

agreement with Peab Sverige AB moraine and waste rock at the Tapuli mine.

dated 19 August 2011, as

amended

12 Port of Narvik Lease Agreement Agreement with the Port of Narvik which grants the

dated 25 August 2011, as permit to lease the Narvik Terminal for a period of 10

amended

years, plus extension options.

13 Agreement with Vattenfall Agreement for the connection and transfer of electricity. Eldistribution AB re connection and transfer of electricity dated 2 February 2011, as amended

14 Northland Logistics Agreement Agreement for the provision of transportation and between Northland Resources AB logistics services. (publ) and Northland Logistics AB dated 12 April 2012, as amended

15 Logistics Management Services Agreement for the overall management and coordination Agreement with Savage Logistics of the project logistics solutions. AB dated 12 April 2012, as amended

16 Materials

Handling

and Agreement for various material handling and

Transportation

Services transportation services.

Agreement (Cliffton) with

Swedrock AB dated 12 April

#4073842/1

67 (127)

Agreements

2012,

as

Description amended

17 Savage Rail Agreement with Agreement for the operation and management of rail

Savage Rail dated 12 April 2012, operations.

as

amended

18 Port Services Agreement with Agreement for the operation and management of the port

Grieg Logistics AS dated 12 April operations.

2012,

as

amended

19 Shiploader Agreement with Agreement for the purchase and delivery of a shiploader Sandvik Mining and Construction in Narvik. AB dated 31 January 2012, as amended

20 Mobile mining equipment Agreement for the on-going maintenance and repair of maintenance agreement with the mobile mining equipment. PON Equipment AB dated 12 April 2012, as amended

21 Wagon manufacturing agreement Manufacturing agreement for the railway wagons for the with Kiruna Wagon AB dated 12 Kaunisvaara Project. April 2012, as amended

22 Port Construction agreement with Peab Sverige AB NUF dated 12 April 2012, as amended

Construction agreement for the ground works of the re loading facility and construction of the quay at the port of Narvik.

Off-take Contracts

23 Iron ore supply agreement with Agreement for the supply of a certain percentage of the

Stemcor UK Ltd dated 3 June annual iron ore concentrate production of the

2010, as amended

Kaunisvaara Project.

24 Iron ore supply agreement with Agreement for the supply of a certain percentage of the

Standard Bank Pic dated 18 annual iron ore concentrate production of the

November 2010, as amended

Kaunisvaara Project.

#4073842/1

68 (127)

Agreements

Description

25 Iron ore supply agreement with Agreement for the supply of a fixed amount of the annual

Tata Steel UK Ltd dated 29 iron ore concentrate production of the Kaunisvaara

October 2010, as amended

Project.

#4073842/1

69 (127)

Agreements

SCHEDULE 4
S ig n if ic a n t F u t u r e A g r e e m e n t s
Description

1 Tailings management facility Agreement for construction of the TMF and CP, ("TMF") and clarification pond including earthworks, for the Kaunisvaara Project. ("CP") agreement

2 Wagon operational lease or rental agreement

Operational lease or rental agreement in relation to the rail wagons for the Kaunisvaara Project to be delivered by Kiruna Wagon AB.

#4073842/1

70 (127)

SCHEDULE 5 Master Restructuring Term Sheet
(TO BE BOUND IN SEPARATELY)

#4073842/1

71 (127)

