Execution version ISIN NO 001 065989.9
BOND AGREEMENT
between
TEODIN ACQUICO AS as Issuer
THE COMPANIES listed in Schedule 1 as Original Guarantors
and NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue HELLY HANSEN GROUP SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2012/2017
dated 27 September 2012
^ SELMER

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. Interpretation........................................................................................................................ 3

2. The Bonds...............................

12

3. Listing................................................................................................................................. 13

4. Registration In The Securities Register.......... ............................................................. 13

5. Purchase And Transfer Of Bonds............................................................................

14

6. Conditions Precedent.......................

14

7. Representations And Warranties........................................................................................ 16

8. Status Of The Bonds And Security............. ........................

19

9. Interest.....................

19

10. Maturity Of The Bonds And Redemption......................................................................... 20

11. P ay m en ts................................................................................................................... 21

12. Issuer's Acquisition Of Bonds....................................................................

22

13. Guarantee And Indem nity.............................................................................................. 22

14. Information Covenants........................................................................................

30

15. General Covenants.........................

31

16. Financial Covenants...............................................................................

35

17. Fees And Expenses.......................................

39

18. Events Of Default........ .....................

40

19. Bondholders' Meeting...............

44

20. The Bond Trustee............................................................................................................. 47

21. Miscellaneous.................

50

Schedules 1. Original Guarantors

2.

Form of Accession Letter

3.

Form of Compliance Certificate

4.

Form of Release Notice - Escrow Account

5.

Conditions precedent --Additional Guarantors

6.

Agreed Security Principles

AH

This agreement has been entered into on 27 September 2012 between:
(1) TEODIN ACQUICO AS, with registration number 998 406 323 and registered address at Munkedamsveien 35 6 etg., 0120 Oslo (P.O. Box 1653 Vika, 0120 Oslo), Norway, as issuer (the "Issuer");
(2) NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, with registration number 963 342 624 and registered address at Haakon VII gate 1, 0161 Oslo, Norway as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"); and
(3) THE COMPANIES listed in Schedule 1 (Original Guarantors) as original guarantors (the "Original Guarantors").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clause 21.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Accession Letter" means a document substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form o fAccession Letter), under which a Material Company becomes a Party to, and an Additional Guarantor, under the Bond Agreement.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Account Pledges" means pledges over accounts with certain Obligors as account holders as further described in the relevant Security Documents.
"Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Issuer of the shares in the Target pursuant to the share purchase agreement dated 12 July 2012.
"Additional Guarantor" means a company which becomes an Additional Guarantor in accordance with Clause 13.1.
"Additional Guarantor Security Documents" means:
(a) a share pledge agreement in respect of the shares in the Additional Guarantor; and
(b) (prior to the Senior Discharge Date) such further security documents required to create Security over any of the Additional Obligor's assets which are provided as Security for the Senior Bank Facilities in accordance with the agreed security principles applying thereto; and
(c) (following the Senior Discharge Date) mortgages, pledges, and/or fixed and floating charges which may be taken out in the jurisdiction in which that Additional Guarantor is incorporated over all assets to which the Additional
3

Guarantor is the beneficial owner or otherwise entitled to grant as Security hereunder (which for the sake of clarity shall also include balances in bank accounts and claims under any intercompany loan, if otherwise applicable), subject to the Agreed Security Principles,
to be provided on first priority, but (prior to the Senior Discharge Date) shared pari passu with the Senior Bank Facilities on a pro rata basis.
"Agreed Security Principles" means the principles set out in Schedule 6 (Agreed Security Principles).
"Assignments of Insurances" means first priority assignments of the insurance proceeds under the Insurances granted by certain Obligors entitled to receive insurance payment, to the extent permitted under the relevant agreement or otherwise agreed with the relevant counterparty.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Schedules to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 month NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 19.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Bridge Facility" means the NOK 380,000,000 bridge facility provided by Nordea Bank Norge ASA (as lender) to the Issuer (as borrower) pursuant to the senior facilities agreement dated 9 August 2012, applied as part financing for the Issuer's acquisition of the Target.
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Oslo (Norway).
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means any event where:
(a) the Parent ceases to control or own 100% of the shares of the Issuer; or
4

(b) Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board ceases to control or own (directly or indirectly) more than 50% of the shares of the Parent.
"Charge over Trade Receivables" means a first priority pledge/charge over all present and future trade receivables (No: factoringpant) of Helly Hansen AS and Helly Hansen AB.
"Charge over Machinery and Plant" means a first priority pledge/charge over Helly Hansen AS' machinery and plant (No: driftstilbehorspant).
"Charge over Inventory" means a first priority charge over Helly Hansen AS' inventory (including unfinished and finished goods, fuels and other consumables) (No: varelagerpant).
"Claims under SPA" means any claims (whether existing, future and/or contingent) held by the Issuer against the sellers in relation to the sellers' non-contractual fulfilment of the share purchase agreement dated 12 July 2012 relating to the Issuer's acquisition of the Target, including without limitation claims for damages and guarantee/warranty claims.
"Clean-up Date" means the last day of the Clean-up Period.
"Clean-up Period" means:
(a) in respect of the Acquisition, the period from the date of the Bond Agreement to 9 November 2012; and
(b) in respect of any new acquisition of any company, business, undertaking or asset (other than the Acquisition), the period of three months from the completion date for such acquisition.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 3.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Escrow Account" means an escrow account denominated in NOK in the name of the Issuer (with a bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee), pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and blocked in such way that no withdrawals can be made therefrom without the Bond Trustee's written consent, and where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account.
5 A*

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 18.

"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities (including Oslo ABM) on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Finance Documents" means:

(a) this Bond Agreement;

(a) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 17.2;

(b) the Security Documents(including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);

(c) the Intercreditor Agreement; and

(d) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other Party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement or designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they

are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account);

(h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a

6 /H*

bank or financial institution; and

(i)

(without double counting) the amount of any liability in respect of any

guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h)

above.

"Financial Statements" means the Target's audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual accounts and financial statements for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Fraudulent Transfer Law" means any applicable US Bankruptcy Law or any applicable United States state fraudulent transfer or conveyance law, including, without limitation, the Washington State Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, RCW ch. 19.40.

"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway, as applied from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee (No: påkravsgaranti) from the Guarantors as set out in Clause 13.

"Guarantor" means an Original Guarantor or an Additional Guarantor.

"Hansen Pro Escrow Account" means the escrow bank account credited with an amount of NOK. 60,000,000 (plus accrued interest) pursuant to the escrow agreement dated 9 February 2011 entered into among the Target, Hansen Protection AS, Helly Hansen Holding AS and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) in connection with the Target's sale of Hansen Pro AS to Hansen Protection AS.

"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan between any Obligor as lender and any Group Company as borrower.

"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Parent, the Original Guarantors, the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, the Senior Lenders, the Security Agent, Nordea Bank Norge ASA as senior agent and arranger, Nordea Bank Finland pic as hedging bank, and others, in relation to inter alia sharing of the Security Interests.

"Insurances" means all the Obligors' insurances in respect of property and cargo.

"Interest Payment Dates" means 2 January, 2 April, 2 July and 2 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Internal Revenue Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (26 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq.).

7 JM

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 2 October 2012.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who controls the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has control.
"Manager" means the lead manager for the Bond Issue, being Nordea Bank Norge ASA.
"Margin" means 6% per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, operations, property condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity, enforceability or effectiveness of any Finance Document.
"Material Company" means a Group Company which represents ten per cent, or more of either:
(a) the consolidated revenue of the Group (excluding intra-Group items);
(b) EBITDA; or
(c) gross assets of the Group (excluding intra-Group items).
Compliance with the conditions set out above shall be determined by reference to the most recent Compliance Certificate supplied by the Issuer and/or the latest audited financial statements of that Group Company (consolidated in the case of a Group Company which has Subsidiaries) and the latest Financial Statements of the Group delivered to the Bond Trustee, but if a Group Company has been acquired since the date at which the latest Financial Statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements shall be deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that Group Company.
"Maturity Date" means 2 October 2017 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo
8

or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

MNOKMmeans Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

HNon-US Person" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 13.9.

"Obligor" means any of the Issuer and the Guarantors.

"Oslo ABM" means Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Parent" means Teodin Holdco AS (registration number 998 263 158).

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means any legal entity appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.

"Pledge of Intercompany Loans" means the first priority pledge over certain of the Intercompany Loans.

"Pledge of Shareholder Loans" means the first priority pledge over the Shareholder Loans.

"Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 6.4.

"Pre-Disbursement Security Documents" means:

(a) the Share Pledges;

(b) the Pledge of Intercompany Loans;

(c)

the Pledge of Shareholder Loans;

(d) the Account Pledges;

(e) the Pledge over Claims under SPA;

(f)

the Charge over Machinery and Plant;

(g) the Charge over Inventory;

(h) the Charge over Trade Receivables;

(i)

the Assignment of Insurance; and

. A*

(j)

such further security documents required to create Security over any of the

Obligors' assets which are provided as Security for the Senior Bank Facilities,

to be (i) shared pari passu with the Senior Bank Facilities on a pro rata basis pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) substantially in the form and content as the security documents entered into in relation to the Senior Bank Facilities.

"Put Option" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 10.3.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet and cash flow statement.

"Release Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4.

"Schedule" means any schedule to this Bond Agreement.

"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 no. 64.

"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Agent" means Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any other entity being appointed as Security Agent in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.

"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving (subject to appropriate limitation language) any Security Interest, including but not limited, to:

From and including the Issue Date:

(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;

From the release offundsfrom the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 6.4:

(b) the Pre-Disbursement Security Documents;

From the accession o f any Additional Guarantor in accordance with Clause 13.1:

(c) the Additional Guarantor Security Documents.

"Security Interest" means any Security or other security (including any guarantee) created (or to be created) to secure the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Document.

10

"Senior Bank Facilities" means the existing and any future senior secured bank facilities obtained by a Group Company (including interest, default interest, Costs and hedging/swap liabilities related to such bank facilities) to finance the acquisition of the Target and the general corporate purposes of the Group (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof), amended from time to time (as the case may be). The total amount of Senior Bank Facilities shall be limited by the Senior Facilities Cap.
"Senior Discharge Date" means the first date on which all liabilities owed by the Obligors to the Senior Lenders under the Senior Bank Facilities have been fully and finally discharged, whether or not as the result of an enforcement, and the Senior Lenders are under no further obligation to provide financial accommodation to any of the Obligors.
"Senior Facilities Cap" means the total amount of the Senior Bank Facilities which shall be limited to a maximum principal amount (excluding interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such facilities) of NOK 500,000,000.
"Senior Lenders" means all lenders and ancillary lenders under the Senior Bank Facilities.
"Shareholder Loan" means any subordinated loan granted or to be granted to the Issuer by any of its shareholders.
"Share Pledge" means the first priority pledge (created by the Security Documents and pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) over all the shares (100%) of:
(a) the Issuer;
(b) the Original Guarantors (other than the Parent); and
(c) any other companies which are pledged in favour Senior Lenders under the Senior Bank Facilities.
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary (No. datterselskap) within the meaning of Section 1*3 of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No. aksjeloven).
"Target" means Helly Hansen Group AS (registration number 998 406 323).
"Tax" means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same).
"US Bankruptcy Law" means the United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended (Title 11 of the United States Code), any other United States federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law providing relief to debts.
"US Guarantor" means a Guarantor that is organized, incorporated or formed under
U sPH

the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia).

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

(g) a " Finance Document" or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to a Finance Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, extended or restated;

(h) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of an entity or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(i)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint

venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated

body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether

or not having separate legal personality).

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, and all Bond transferees are in taking transfer of Bonds deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 21.1.

2.2 Availability The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond

12 At*

Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published at the web site www.stamdata.no or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.
2.3 The Bonds (a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of NOK 380,000,000 (Norwegian kroner three hundred and eighty million), with denominations o f NOK 1,000,000.
(b) The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.
(c) The Bond Issue will be described as "Helly Hansen Group Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017".
(d) The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 065989.9.
(e) The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.
2.4 Purpose and utilisation The proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of fees, legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and other Costs) shall be used to refinance the Bridge Facility in full and may be only be utilised in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement.
3. LISTING The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo ABM. If the Bonds are listed (whether on Oslo ABM or any other Exchange), the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES REGISTER 4.1 Registration
The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register. Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through the Securities Register.
4.2 Notifications The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer's Responsibility The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
13 At*

4.4 US Securities Act The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Conditions Precedent - Issue Date Transfer of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Accounts will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) the Bond Agreement duly executed by the Issuer and each Original Guarantor;

(b) confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Default exists under the Bond Agreement;

(c) the agreement set forth in Clause 17.2, duly executed;

(d) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(e) an irrevocable and unconditional payment instruction to the Bond Trustee and the Paying Agent to pay Grom the Escrow Account any fees and Costs due and owing related to the Bond Issue;

(f)

certified copies (if required by the Bond Trustee) of all necessary corporate

resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents (save for

the Pre-Disbursement Security Documents);

(g) (to the extent required by applicable law) a power of attorney from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing that such individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Obligor;

14

(h) in respect of each Obligor, an up-to-date extract from the trade register, shareholder's register, the deed of incorporation and the articles of association, or in the case of an Obligor organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof, a certificate of good standing, the certificate and articles of incorporation and bylaws;

(i)

any necessary governmental approvals to issue the Bonds;

(j)

the Target's Financial Statements for its financial year ended 31 December

2011;

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l)

satisfactory evidence that the Escrow Account has been established;

(m) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the relevant account bank); and

(n) legal opinions reasonably required in relevant jurisdictions regarding Original Guarantors, based on the legal opinions issued in relation to the Senior Bank Facilities and in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

The conditions set out in this Clause 6.1 items (f), (g) and (h) shall apply to all Obligors.

6.2 Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent Settlement of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.3 Settlement On the Issue Date, and subject to the Bond Trustee's confirmation pursuant to Clause 6.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Accounts.

6.4 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent The amount in the Escrow Account shall only be used according to Clause 2.4, and the release of the net proceeds of the Bonds from the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following (the "Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent"), in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed Release Notice from the Issuer;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute the Pre Disbursement Security Documents;

15

(c) (to the extent required by applicable law) a power of attorney from each Obligor to relevant individuals for their execution of the Pre-Disbursement Security Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing that such individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Obligor;

(d) confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Default exists under the Bond Agreement;

(e) documentation evidencing that the Bridge Facility will be repaid in full in connection with (and simultaneously with) the release of the funds according to closing procedures acceptable to the Bond Trustee;

(f)

the Pre-Disbursement Security Documents duly executed and perfected (to the

extent permitted by applicable law);

(g) the Finance Documents (unless delivered to the Trustee previously) duly executed, in form, scope and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and

(h) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required in any relevant jurisdiction and in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
The conditions set out in this Clause 6.4 items (b) and (c) shall apply to all Obligors.

The Issuer shall procure that the net proceeds of the Bonds is used to refinance the Bridge Facility in full no later than 2 January 2013.

6.5 Waivers The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in this Clause 6.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Each Obligor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

7.1 Status It is a limited liability company or corporation (as applicable), duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted.
7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations Subject to qualifications or reservations made in any legal opinion issued in favour of the Bond Trustee, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is

16

A"

a party constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such Obligor, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of Tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Document to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:
(a) any law or regulation applicable to it;
(b) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or
(c) any material document or agreement which is binding on it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) an event of default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries which has or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for it in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for it to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of its knowledge, threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries which are likely to be adversely determined and, if adversely determined, are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
17

7.8 Financial Statements The Financial Statements fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 Intellectual property It has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
7.12 No withholdings It is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7.13 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
7.14 Security No Security exists over any of its present assets in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.15 Repetition The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and the date of drawdown from the Escrow Account.
7.16 W ritten statement The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from any Obligor confirming compliance with this Clause 7.
7.17 Indemnity In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.
is

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 8.1 Status
The Bonds shall be senior secured debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 Security All amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, including but not limited to interest and expenses and the claims owed to the Security Agent under the Parallel Debt Obligations, shall (to the extent permitted by applicable law) be secured by the Security Interests.
9. INTEREST 9.1 Interest rate
The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the " Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest Payment Dates Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in 2 January 2013.
9.3 Calculation of interest payments (a) The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
(b) The day count fraction (" Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.
(c) The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.
(d) When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.
(e) The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:
19

Interest
"
Amount

Face

Floating

Floating Rate

X

X

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in parts as follows (the "Call Option"):
(i) anytime from and including the date falling two years after Issue Date to, but not including, the date felling three years after Issue Date at a price equal to 107% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(ii) anytime from and including the date falling three years after Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling four years after Issue Date at a price equal to 104.5% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and
(iii) anytime from and including the date felling four years after Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
(b) Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.
(c) Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Register).
(d) On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of all such Bonds (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
(e) Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.3 Change of control (a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment of the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued and unpaid interest) (the "Put Option").
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such

20 yftA

notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has occurred.
(c) The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be no later than IS Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
(d) On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including the premium pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 10.3) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
10.4 Mandatory redemption - Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent In the event the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent have not been fulfilled (or waived) prior to 2 January 2013, the Bond Trustee may demand immediate repayment of all the Bonds at 100% of their par value plus accrued interest, and the Issuer shall comply with any instructions from the Bond Trustee and do all such acts and things which may be required for release of funds from the Escrow Accounts and repayment.
11. PAYMENTS 11.1 Payment mechanics
(a) The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
(b) Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
11.2 Currency (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in.
(b) Amounts payable in respect of Costs, Taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.4 Interest in the event of late payment (a) In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance
21

Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points p.a.
(b) The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
(c) The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clauses 18.1 - 18.9, cf. Clause 18.10.
11.5 Irregular payments In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.
12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13. GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY 13.1 Additional Guarantors
(a) The Issuer shall procure that any Material Company shall, as soon as possible after becoming a Material Company, become an Additional Guarantor and enter into Additional Guarantor Security Documents.
(b) A Material Company shall become an Additional Guarantor if:
(i) the Issuer and/or the proposed Additional Guarantor deliver to the Bond Trustee a duly completed and executed Accession Letter; and
(ii) the Bond Trustee has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in Schedule 5 (Conditions precedent - Additional Guarantors) in relation to that Additional Guarantor, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall notify the Issuer promptly upon being satisfied that it has received (in form and substance satisfactory to it) all the documents and other evidence listed in Schedule 5.
13.2 Guarantee The Guarantors jointly and severally, irrevocably and unconditionally:
(a) guarantee to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as for their own debt and not merely as surety, the due and punctual performance by the Issuer of all its obligations under the Finance Documents and accept that the Bond
n AM

Trustee may make a demand for payment to any and each of the Guarantors without any specific order;
(b) undertake with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that, whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantors shall, on the Bond Trustee's first written demand (No: pakravsgaranti) and in no event any later than five Business Days after the relevant Guarantor's receipt of such demand, pay that amount to the Bond Trustee or as it directs as if it were the principal obligor in respect of that amount; and
(c) agree with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that if, for any reason, any amount claimed by the Bond Trustee under this clause is not recoverable from the Guarantors, then the Guarantors will be liable as a principal debtor and primary obligor to indemnify the Bond Trustee and each Bondholder for any loss each of them may incur as a result of the Issuer failing to pay any amount expressed to be payable by it under a Finance Document on the date when it ought to have been paid.
13.3 Waivers Each Guarantor hereby waives:
(a) any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of an Event of Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer;
(b) any and all defences or objections from any party in or based on underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever, including, without limitation, any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third party for security or otherwise, and right to limit the liability under the guarantee provided hereunder resulting from any failure to give notice of any kind;
(c) any right to exercise a right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders under the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document;
(d) any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or any other Obligor for payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document; and
(e) any requirement that additional Security be provided or maintained.
13.4 Continuing guarantee This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, regardless of (i) any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part or (ii) the Bond Trustee
23

enforcing any other Security granted for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
13.5 Limitations (a) The obligations of each Obligor under each Finance Document to which it is a party shall be limited by the mandatory provisions of law applicable to such Obligor limiting the legal capacity or ability of such Obligor to provide security or grant guarantees or indemnities for the obligations of another company. If any such limitation is no longer applicable as a mandatory provision, that limitation will no longer apply to the obligations under the Finance Documents.
(b) If a payment or the honouring of any Security Document by an Obligor has been made in contravention of the limitations contained in this Clause 13.5, the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall not be liable for any damages in relation thereto, and the maximum amount repayable (if any) as a consequence of such contravention shall be the amount received from that Obligor.
(c) The obligations and liabilities of any Additional Guarantor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Norway are subject to any limitations relating to that Additional Guarantor set out in any relevant Accession Letter or set out below.
13.6 Limitations for Norwegian Guarantors The obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor incorporated in Norway shall not include any obligations or liabilities to the extent they would constitute unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of the provisions of sections 8-7 and 8-10 of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act (No: aksjeloven) (13 June 1997 no. 44) which regulate unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, guarantees and joint and several liability as well as the provision of security.
13.7 Limitations for Swedish Guarantors Notwithstanding any contrary indication in this Agreement, in relation to any Obligor incorporated in Sweden, its obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents (including the guarantee) shall be limited to the extent required to comply with mandatory provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (-SW. Aktiebolagslagen 2005:551) regulating (i) unlawful distribution of assets and transfer of value (Chapter 17, Sections 1 to 4), and (ii) unlawful financial assistance and other prohibited loans, security and guarantees (Chapter 21, Section 5).
13.8 Limitations for Danish Guarantors Notwithstanding any provision of any of the Finance Documents and in particular Clause 13 (Guarantee and Indemnity) of the Bond Agreement, the obligations of a Guarantor incorporated in Denmark (a "Danish Guarantor") expressed to be assumed in any of the Finance Documents and in particular Clause 13 (Guarantee and Indemnity) of the Bond Agreement:
24

(a) shall be deemed not to be assumed if and to the extent required to comply with Danish statutory provisions on unlawful financial assistance including, but not limited to, Sections 206 through 212 of the Danish Companies Act (2009) as amended and supplemented from time to time; and
(b) shall, in relation to obligations not incurred as a result of a Danish Guarantor or by a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Danish Guarantor issuing Bonds under the Bond Agreement by further be limited to an amount equal to the greater of:
(i) the equity of Danish Guarantor at the date of this Bond Agreement, or in the case of an Additional Guarantor such Danish Guarantor's Accession to this Bond Agreement; and
(ii) the equity at the date when a claim for payment is made against Danish Guarantor under any of the Finance Documents and in particular Clause 13 (Guarantee and Indemnity) of the Bond Agreement,
in each case calculated in accordance with Danish Guarantor's generally accepted accounting principles at the relevant time (including, if applied by Danish Guarantor, IFRS), however, adjusted:
(A) by recognizing (if not already so recognized) the unpaid portion, if any, of the subscription price for shares issued by Danish Guarantor in accordance with the gross method (Da: bruttometoden) pursuant to Section 35b of the Danish Financial Statements Act; and
(B) in the case of paragraph (ii) above only, by adding back obligations (in the amounts outstanding at the time when a claim for payment is made) of Danish Guarantor in respect of any intercompany loan owing by Danish Guarantor to the Issuer and originally funder by the issuing o f the Bonds issued under this Bond Agreement and onlent by the Issuer to Danish Guarantor provided always that any payment made by Danish Guarantor under Clause 13 (Guarantee and Indemnity) of the Bond Agreement in respect of such obligations of Danish Guarantor shall reduce pro tanto the outstanding amount of the intercompany loan owing by Danish Guarantor.
The above limitations shall apply to any security by guarantee, indemnity, collateral or otherwise and to subordination of rights and claims, subordination or turnover of rights of recourse, application of proceeds and any other means of direct and indirect financial assistance.
13.9 Limitations for US Guarantors Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Bond Agreement or in any other Finance Document:

25

M

(a) each US Guarantor agrees that the maximum liability it will have under Clause 13 shall in no event exceed an amount equal to the greatest amount that would not render such US Guarantor's obligations under this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents subject to avoidance under US Bankruptcy Law or to being set aside, avoided or annulled under any Fraudulent Transfer Law;
(b) no obligation of any US Guarantor shall be guaranteed or otherwise assured by any person that is not a US Person (a "Non-US Person" ) that is also a "related person" as defined in Section 267(b) or Section 707(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to such US Guarantor; and
(c) no obligation of any US Guarantor shall be guaranteed by, or otherwise supported directly or indirectly by the assets of, a Non-US Person unless such Non-US Person is not a "controlled foreign corporation" as defined in Section 957(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub clause shall not limit any obligation of any US Guarantor to pledge as security (a) all of the stock of a controlled foreign corporation held directly by such US Guarantor not entitled to vote and (b) 65% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of a controlled foreign corporation held directly by entitled to vote.
13.10 Limitations for German Guarantors (a) The enforcement of the Guarantee set forth in Clause 13.2 above and any other obligation under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be subject to certain limitations as set out in detail below. The Bond Trustee, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders agrees not to enforce the Guarantee if and to the extent that the Guarantee is granted by a Guarantor incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany as a company with limited liability (GmbH) (the "German Guarantor") and such German Guarantor guarantees obligations of direct or indirect shareholders of the German Guarantor (other than any of the German Guarantor's subsidiaries unless their obligations are guarantees under the Agreement), to the extent that an enforcement of such proceeds (the "Proceeds" ):
(i) would have the effect of (i) reducing the German Guarantor's net assets (Netlovermogen) (the "Net Assets") to an amount less than its stated share capital (Stammfcapitaf) or (ii) (if the Net Assets are already an amount less than the stated share capital) causing such amount to be further reduced, and thereby affects the assets required for the obligatory preservation of its stated share capital according to §§ 30, 31 of the German GmbH-Act (GmbH-Gesetz); or
(ii) would lead to the illiquidity {Zahlungsunfahigkeit) of the German Guarantor and thereby make its managing director {Geschaftsfuhrer) personally liable pursuant to Sec. 64 German GmbH-Act.
(b) The value of the Net Assets shall be determined by means of a balance sheet
26

y(M

prepared in accordance with the principles for ordinary bookkeeping and the preparation of balance sheets as they were consistently applied by the German Guarantor in preparing its unconsolidated balance sheets (Jahresabschlass gem. § 42 GmbH-Gesetz, §§ 242, 264 HGB) in the previous years, save that:
(i) the amount of any increase in the registered share capital of the German Guarantor out of retained earnings which was carried out without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee shall be deducted from the registered share capital of the German Guarantor; and
(ii) loans and other contractual liabilities incurred in violation of the provisions of the Finance Documents shall be disregarded; and
(iii) the amount of Net Assets shall be reduced by the amount of its non distributable assets according to Sec. 268 para 8 HGB. In case of such reduction, the German Guarantor shall sell these non-distributable assets within 6 months and pay the net proceeds therefrom to the Bond Trustee.
(c) The enforcement of the Guarantee shall be limited pursuant to (a)(i) and (b) above, if, no later than 15 (fifteen) Business Days following a demand by the Bond Trustee to make a payment under the Guarantee (the "Enforcement Notice"), the managing directors) on behalf of the German Guarantor have confirmed in writing to the Bond Trustee which amount of such cross-stream and/or up-stream guarantee cannot be enforced as it would cause the Net Assets of the German Guarantor to be less than its respective registered share capital as provided in (a)(i) and (b) above (the "Net Assets Management Determination") and such confirmation is supported by a calculation in the form of a balance sheet taking into account the adjustments set out in (b) above, after delivery of which the Bond Trustee shall (subject to (f) through (k) below), only be entitled to enforce the Guarantee in respect of such amounts that, in accordance with the Net Assets Management Determination, do not cause the German Guarantor1s Net Assets to fall below (or fall further below) the amount of its respective registered share capital.
(d) To determine whether the enforcement of the Guarantee and application of the proceeds would result in the illiquidity (Zahhmgsunfahigkeit) of the German Guarantor (as provided in Sec. 64 GmbHG), a liquidity plan shall be prepared for the six months following the enforcement of the Guarantee. The German Guarantor shall promptly take all reasonable measures in order to increase the German Guarantor's liquidity.
(e) The enforcement of the Guarantee shall be limited pursuant to (a)(ii) and (d) above, if, no later than 15 (fifteen) Business Days following an Enforcement Notice, the managing director(s) on behalf of the German Guarantor have confirmed in writing to the Bond Trustee which amount of such cross-stream and/or up-stream guarantee cannot be enforced as it would lead to an illiquidity of the German Guarantor within the meaning of Sec. 64 GmbHG as
27

set out in Clause 4.1 (b) and (d) above (the "Liquidity Management Determination") and such confirmation is supported by a liquidity plan in accordance with (d) above. After delivery of such Liquidity Management Determination the Bond Trustee shall (subject to (f) through (k) below), only be entitled to enforce the Guarantee for any amounts where such enforcement would, in accordance with the Liquidity Management Determination, not cause the German Guarantor to become illiquid according to Sec. 64 GmbHG. This limitation of enforcement does not apply if it is ascertained by a final non-appealable (rechtskraftig) court decision that the managing director does not become personally liable.

(f)

Following the delivery of any Net Assets Management Determination or

Liquidity Management Determination (each a "Management

Determination" ), as the case may be, if so requested by the Bond Trustee

within 15 (fifteen) Business Days from receipt of the respective Management

Determination, the German Guarantor shall within 30 (thirty) Business Days

from receipt of such request, obtain a determination by auditors of

international standard and reputation (e. g. KPMG, PWC, Deloitte or Ernst &

Young) appointed by the German Guarantor (the "Auditor's Determination")

of the amount in which the Guarantee can be enforced (such determination to

take into account the balance sheet adjustments set out in (b) above). After

delivery of the Auditor's Determination, the enforcement of the Guarantee

shall be limited if and to the extent such enforcement would, in accordance

with the Auditor's Determination (i) cause the German Guarantor's Net Assets

to fall below (or fall further below) the amount of its respective registered

share capital in each case as calculated and adjusted in accordance with

paragraph (a)(i) and (b) above and/or (ii) as calculated in accordance with

paragraph (a)(ii) and (d) above, lead to an illiquidity of the Additional

Guarantor according to Sec. 64 GmbHG. This limitation of enforcement does

not apply if is ascertained by a final non-appealable (rechtskraftig) court

decision that the managing director does not become personally liable. If and

to the extent the Bond Trustee disagrees with the relevant Management

Determination and requests an Auditor's Determination, the Bond Trustee

shall nevertheless be entitled to enforce the Guarantee up to an amount which

is undisputed between itself and the German Guarantor. However, the Bond

Trustee shall not be entitled to pay the proceeds from such enforcement to the

Bondholders, but shall hold such proceeds on trust, until the Auditor's

Determination is provided. If and to the extent that the Guarantee has been

enforced without regard to the limitation on enforcement because the amount

payable under the Guarantee resulting from the Auditor's Determination is

lower than the respective amount resulting from the Management

Determination, the Bond Trustee shall upon demand of the German Guarantor

repay the difference between the amount paid to the Bond Trustee and the

amount payable resulting from the Auditor's Determination. Any further

proceeds received by the Bond Trustee shall be passed onto the Bondholders.

28 / f t *

(g) Should the German Guarantor fail to deliver a Management Determination or an Auditor's Determination within the time periods stated above, the Agent shall be entitled to demand payment under the Guarantee without limitation.

(h) If the German Guarantor intends to demonstrate that the enforcement of the Guarantee will lead to one of the effects referred to under (a) above, the German Guarantor shall realise, on request of the Bond Trustee and to the extent legally permitted, any and all of its assets that are shown in the balance sheet with a book value (Buchwert) that is significantly lower than the market value of such asset, if such asset is not necessary for the German Guarantor's business (mchl betriebstwtwendig).

(i)

The limitation set out in Clauses (a) through (c) above shall not apply:

(i) to amounts due and payable under the Guarantee, which correspond to funds that have been borrowed under the Finance Documents and have been on-lent to the German Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time, under the condition that the German Guarantor is not be obliged to make a payment with respect to any such amount on lent to it as long as the payment under the Guarantee has not also discharging effect (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of set-off) on the repayment obligation; and/or

(ii) if, at the time of an Enforcement Notice being served upon the German Guarantor, a loss and profit transfer agreement (Gewitmabfiihnmgsverlrag) and/or domination agreement (Beherrschungsvertrag) exists between the German Guarantor and its shareholder or the German Guarantor has a fully recoverable compensation claim ("vollwertiger Gegenleistungs- oder Riickgewähranspruch") against its shareholder.

(j)

If, after it has been provided with a balance sheet or liquidity plan which

prevented it from demanding any or only partial payment under this

Guarantee, the Bond Trustee, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders,

ascertains in good faith that the financial condition of the German Guarantor

as set out in the balance sheet or liquidity plan has substantially improved, the

Bondholders may (without bearing any costs in this respect) arrange for the

preparation of an updated balance sheet or liquidity plan of the German

Guarantor by applying the same principles that were used for the preparation

of the initial balance sheet or liquidity plan.

(k) Nothing in this Clause 13.6 shall prevent the Bondholders from claiming in court that the provision of this Guarantee by and/or demanding payment under this Guarantee against the German Guarantor does not fåll within the scope of sections 30 and 31 or 64 GmbHG (the " Restrictive Provisions"). The Bondholders' rights to any remedies they may have against the German Guarantor shall not be limited if it is ascertained by a final non-appealable

29

court decision that the respective Restrictive Provisions did not apply. The agreement of the Bondholders to abstain from demanding any or part of the payment under this Guarantee in accordance with the provisions above shall constitute neither a waiver ( Verzicht) of any right granted under the Finance Documents or nor a definite defence (Eimvendung) of the German Guarantor against any of the guaranteed obligations.
13.11 Limitations for Dutch Guarantors An Obligor incorporated in the Netherlands shall not be deemed to assume any liability under this Clause 13 to the extent that such liability would constitute unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of sections 2:98c or 2:207c of the Dutch Civil Code, or any equivalent and applicable provisions under Dutch law.
14. INFORMATION COVENANTS The information covenants in this Clause 14 are undertaken by each relevant Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), as further stated below.
The covenants in this Clause 14 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be) has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.
14.1 Notification of default The Issuer shall, without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;
14.2 Miscellaneous information The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing o f any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(d) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to notifications in relation to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(e) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's
30

liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(f)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register;

(g) promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been started by or against any Obligor and which, if adversely determined, are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request; and

(i)

at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information

necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange

(if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and

duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as

well as applicable laws and regulations.

14.3 Financial statements The Issuer shall without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports, and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter (for Quarterly Financial Reports), subject to that prior to 1 January 2013, the Quarterly Financial Reports shall be made available on a best efforts basis.

14.4 Compliance Certificate The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 14.3, confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Obligors' compliance with the covenants in Clause 15. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a Compliance Certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or any directors of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non compliance.

15. GENERAL COVENANTS
Each relevant Party has undertaken the general covenants in this Clause 15 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

The covenants in this Clause 15 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any

31

covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.
15.1 Pari passu ranking Each Obligor shall ensure that at all times any unsecured and unsubordinated claims against it under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors except those creditors whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws of general application to companies.
15.2 Mergers and de-mergers (a) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving the consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect or, in relation to any Security Document governed by Swedish law under which such merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization is prohibited, the Security Agent has not given its prior written consent to the merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization.
(b) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving the splitting of the Issuer or such Subsidiary into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect or, in relation to any Security Document governed by Swedish law under which such de-merger or corporate reorganization is prohibited, the Security Agent has not given its prior written consent to the de-merger or corporate reorganization.
15.3 Continuation of business The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by the Bond Agreement.
15.4 Disposal of business/assets The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantia] part of its or the Group's assets, subsidiaries or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect and, in relation to any Security Document governed by Swedish law under which such sale or disposal is prohibited, provided that the Security Agent has given its prior written consent to the sale or disposal.
15.5 Amendment of constitutional documents The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, amend its constitutional documents in such a way that it would have a Material Adverse Effect.

32

/ftA

15.6 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries), other than Security granted:
(a) over any assets to secure any of the following:
(i) the Bond Issue;
(ii) the Senior Bank Facilities;
(iii) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of the Group;
(iv) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy;
(v) obligations incurred by any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services) as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary;
(vi) any indebtedness incurred in relation to repair of damage or replacements being covered under insurance;
(vii) any lien arising by operation of law or under general terms and conditions of credit institutions (bankers' lien); and
(viii) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed NOK 25 million for the Group in aggregate;
(b) over any asset of any company which becomes a member of the Group after Issue Date, provided that it is created prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of the Group and is removed or discharged within three months of that company becoming a member of the Group; and
(c) over the Hansen Pro Escrow Account.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other security interest over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) serving as security for the Senior Bank Facilities and the Bond Issue (other than any lien arising by operation of law or under general terms and conditions of credit institutions (bankers' lien)).
15.7 Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than:
33 y j4 A

(a) the Bond Issue (including the Guarantees);

(b) any Shareholder Loan;

(c) the Senior Bank Facilities (including guarantees);

(d) any intra-group loans made by a Guarantor (other than the Parent) to another Guarantor;

(e) any intra-group loans granted by any member of the Group (which is not a Guarantor) to another member of the Group;

(f)

a loan made by a member of the Group to another member of the Group if

such loan existed prior to the Issue Date;

(g) under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;

(h) loans that are subordinated both in terms of payment of interest and repayment and that mature after the Bonds (and includes no cash interest payments);

(i)

obligations incurred by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of

business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and

services and in relation to cash pool arrangements);

(j)

indebtedness incurred under finance or capital leases o f vehicles, plant,

equipment or computers, provided that the aggregate capital value of all such

items so leased under outstanding leases by members of the Group does not

exceed NOK 30 million at any time;

(k) any indebtedness incurred in relation to repair of damage or replacements being covered under insurance;

(l)

any indebtedness of any company acquired by a member of the Group after

Issue Date which is incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of

acquisition and outstanding only for a period of three months following the

date that the company became a member of the Group;

(m) indebtedness incurred to a joint venture if the aggregate amount of investments made in joint ventures does not exceed NOK 20,000,000 in any financial year (excluding amounts funded from New Shareholder Injections);

(n) indebtedness incurred in relation to any Financial Support permitted pursuant to Clause 15.8; and

(o) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (a) through (n) above) that in total do not exceed NOK 30 million for the Group in aggregate.

15.8 Financial support The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual

34

or contingent) (" Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any third party (not being a member of the Group), other than any Financial Support made, granted or given:
(a) in the ordinary course of its business;
(b) in relation to what is permitted under Clause 15.7;
(c) in relation to any netting or set-off arrangement (cash pool or otherwise) entered into by any member of the Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of members of the Group; or
(d) which (not covered by (a) through (c) above) in total does not exceed NOK 45 million for the Group in aggregate.
15.9 Dividend restrictions The Issuer shall not declare, make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its share capital (or any class of its share capital), other than for as long as:
(a) the Leverage Ratio is and remains below 1.50;
(b) no Event of Default is continuing or will occur as a consequence thereof; and
(c) such dividend, charge, fee or other distribution amount to less than 50% of net profits for the previous financial year.
The above restriction shall not apply to an annual maximum payment of dividends (first time in the financial year 2013) of NOK 7 million.
15.10 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Obligor will comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
15.11 Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (other than between the Issuer and a Guarantor or between two Guarantors) (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
16. FINANCIAL COVENANTS The Issuer has undertaken the general covenants in this Clause 16 to the Bond Trustee
35

(on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

The covenants in this Clause 16 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

16.1 Definitions In this Agreement:

"EBITDA" means, in relation to any Relevant Period, the consolidated earnings of the Group for such period before any of the following items (and without double counting):

(a)

depreciation;

(b) amortisation of goodwill and other intangible assets;

(c) net interest cost (being the aggregate of all consolidated financial expenses of the Group, less the aggregate of all consolidated financial income of the Group);

(d) any one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional item (including, without limitation, any costs of any aborted equity or debt securities offering and start up losses for new entities or operations), which in no event shall exceed an aggregate amount of (i) 7.5% of EBITDA in respect of any Relevant Period ending prior to 31 December 2013 and (ii) 5% of EBITDA in respect of any Relevant Period ending 31 December 2013 or later;

(e) adding back reasonable fees and costs incurred in relation an equity offering, raising financial indebtedness, share option scheme or similar;

(f)

adding back costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of the Target;

(g) adding back the proceeds of any business interruption insurance;

(h) any change in provisions for liabilities and charges made;

(i)

any revaluation (including write-downs) of, or any loss or gain over, book

value relating to fixed assets;

(j)

any allocation to tax deferment reserves;

(k) income (unless actually received in cash) from participating interests in associated companies and other fixed asset investments;

(l)

any realised and unrealised exchange gains and losses; and

(m) any taxes on profits and gains as well as tax refunds.

36

"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt, as of each Quarter Date, to EBITDA in respect of each Relevant Period ending on such Quarter Date.

"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means, at any time, the outstanding principal amount of any interest bearing financial indebtedness of the Group for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or

purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative used for hedging the currency exposure of the debt;

excluding any outstanding Shareholder Loans;

less, in respect of the Group:

(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to credit on accounts with an acceptable bank, other than any amount standing to credit on the Hansen Pro Escrow Account; or

(b) certificates of deposits of marketable debt securities (with investment grade rating from Standard and Poor's Corporation and/or Moody's Investor Services Inc) held for cash management purposes with a maturity of twelve months or less after the relevant date of calculation, issued by an acceptable bank;

in each case, to which a member of the Group is beneficially entitled at that time and which can be promptly realised and applied against the abovementioned interest bearing indebtedness and not subject to any security interest (other than a floating charge or under a Security Document) or any other conditions. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose means Nordea Bank Norge ASA (or any of its affiliates) or any other commercial bank or trust company which has a short term rating of at least A1+ granted by Standard and Poor's Corporation or PI granted by Moody's Investors Services Inc that can be promptly realised.

"New Shareholder Injections" means the aggregate amount subscribed for by any

37

person (other than a member of the Group) for new shares in the Issuer or for Shareholder Loans in the Issuer.

"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on a Quarter Date.

16.2 Leverage Ratio The Leverage Ratio in respect of each Relevant Period measured on a twelve months rolling basis ending on a date specified below will not exceed the ratio set opposite such date below:

Relevant Period ending

Maximum Ratio

31 March 2013

4.3x

30 June 2013

3.9x

30 September 2013

5.3x

31 December 2013

4. Ox

31 March 2014

3.5x

30 June 2014

2.8x

30 September 2014

4.5x

31 December 2014

3.3x

31 March 2015

2.8x

30 June 2015

2.5x

30 September 2015

3.5x

31 December 2015

2.5x

31 March 2016

2.5x

30 June 2016

2.5x

30 September 2016

2.7x

31 December 2016 and

2.5x

each Relevant Period

thereafter

The Financial Covenant shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term o f the Rond Issue.

38

The compliance with the above Financial Covenant shall be measured on each Quarter Date (first time on 31 March 2013) and certified by the Issuer with each annual and quarterly financial statement in a Compliance Certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee.
16.3 Equity cure No breach of the Financial Covenant set out above will be considered to have occurred if a New Shareholder Injection is made within 15 Business Days from the earlier of (i) the Issuer becoming aware of the failure to comply with the Financial Covenant and (ii) delivery of a Compliance Certificate evidencing such failure to comply, always provided that the Financial Covenant would be complied with if tested for the same testing period on the basis that such New Shareholder Injection was deemed to have reduced the Net Interest Bearing Debt as at the last day of that Relevant Period.
17. FEES AND EXPENSES
17.1 Costs and expenses The Issuer shall cover all Costs incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from the Escrow Account or from other funds received from any Obligor, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such Costs.
17.2 Bond Trustee fee agreement The fees and Costs payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and Costs payable to the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders, hereunder of any Costs incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
17.3 Public fees The Issuer shall cover any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation.
17.4 Extraordinary expenses In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 17.1 and 17.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover
39 / f 4 A

extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
17.5 Withholding tax The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders. If the Issuer is required by law to make a tax deduction or withholding from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required tax deduction or withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no tax deduction or withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required Tax reduction or withholding has been made.
18. EVENTS OF DEFAULT The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
18.1 Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless payment in full is made, within five Business Days following the original due date.
18.2 Breach of other obligations Any Obligor fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless the failure is (i) capable of remedy and (ii) remedied within 15 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
18.3 Cross default (a) Any Financial Indebtedness of the Group exceeding NOK 20,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period.
(b) Any Financial Indebtedness of the Group exceeding NOK 20,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(c) Any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness of the Group exceeding NOK 20,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
40 Aw

18.4 Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation or breach of warranty (i) are capable of remedy and (ii) are remedied within fifteen (IS) Business Days of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of the failure to comply.
18.5 Insolvency (a) An Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due (other than intra-Group debt), suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its material creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(b) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of an Obligor.
18.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for an Obligor any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;
(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;
(d) enforcement of any security over any of its assets; or
(e) a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets,
which may, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
This Clause 18.6 shall not apply to a procedure or step relating to winding-up or administration which is frivolous or vexatious or is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty one (21) Business Days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised.
41

18.7 Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
18.8 Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which may, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be expected have a Material Adverse Effect.
18.9 Material adverse effect Any other circumstance, event or series of events occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
18.10 Acceleration (a) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 18.1 - 18.9 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and Costs to be in default and due for immediate payment.
(b) The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
(c) In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 18.1 - 18.9 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and Costs to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or
(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
(d) In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (ii) above.
(e) In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clause 18.10(a) (c) declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the
42

Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.

(f)

In case partial payments of any amount pursuant to this Bond Agreement, such

payments shall first be allocated to pay the Bond Trustee for incurred fees,

and thereafter to settle any other outstanding amounts under the Finance

Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee the accumulated

fees, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to seek funding for such fees from

other sources. In such case the providers of such funding shall have the right

of subrogation into the position of the Bond Trustee but be subordinated any

further expenses and fees of the Bond Trustee.

18.11 Clean-up Period (a) Notwithstanding any other provision or covenant of the Finance Documents, until and including the Clean-up Date:

(i) a breach of the representations and warranties under Clause 7; or

(ii) an Event of Default under Clause 18,

will be deemed not to be a misrepresentation, breach of warranty or an Event of Default (as the case may be), and will not have any of the consequences that such a misrepresentation, breach of warranty or Event of Default would ordinarily have under this Agreement, if it would have been (if it were not for this provision) a breach of representation or warranty or an Event of Default only by reason of circumstances relating exclusively to the Target or any of its Subsidiaries if and for so long as the circumstances giving rise to the relevant breach o f representation or warranty or Event of Default:

(A) are capable of being remedied and all reasonable steps are being taken to remedy the same;

(B) is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(C) have not been knowingly procured or approved by the Issuer or the Original Guarantors; and

(D) are not existing at the end of the Clean-up Period,

provided that, if the relevant circumstances are continuing after the Clean-up Date, there shall be a breach of representation or warranty or Event of Default, as the case may be, disregarding any original remedy period.

(b) The Clean-up Period shall not apply to the Event of Defaults under Clause 18.1, Clause 18.2 in relation to breach of any financial covenant, Clause 18.6,

43

Clause 18.7, and Clause 18.9.

(c) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee upon becoming aware of the occurrence or existence of any event or circumstance which, but for this Clause 18.11, would constitute an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.

19. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
19.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

19.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(i) the Issuer;

(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

(b) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

(c) If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

(d) Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

(e) The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes in the number

of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the

Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

44

(g) Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

(h) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

(i)

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the

numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting,

the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes

shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the

Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee

and shall be available to the Bondholders.

(j)

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -

representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders'

Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties,

unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend

by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted

by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the

Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

(k) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

19.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings (a) At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

(b) In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right

45 AM

to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

(c) In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 19.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

(d) Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 19.3(e).

(e) In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(i) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(ii) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer; or

(iii) change of Bond Trustee.

(f)

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(g) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented; however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with any Finance Document or any applicable law.

(h) The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

19.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting (a) If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 19.3(c), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

(b) When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

19.5 Written Bondholders' resolutions (a) Anything which may be done by resolution of the Bondholders in a

46 AM

Bondholders' Meeting may be done by written resolution without a Bondholders' Meeting, subject to the following conditions:
(i) Notice of a written resolution shall be given, and a copy of the resolution shall be circulated, to all Bondholders who would be entitled to attend a Bondholders' Meeting and vote thereon, in a form and manner acceptable to the Bond Trustee. The accidental omission to give notice to, or the non-receipt of a notice by, any Bondholder does not invalidate the passing of a resolution.
(ii) A written resolution is passed when it is signed by or on behalf of Bondholders who, at the date that the notice is given and the date when the resolution is signed:
(A) would be entitled to attend a Bondholders' Meeting and vote thereon; and
(B) represent such majority of votes as would be required if the resolution was voted on at a Bondholders' Meeting at which all Bondholders entitled to attend and vote thereat were present and voting.
(iii) A resolution in writing may be signed in any number of counterparts.
(iv) A resolution in writing made in accordance with this Bond Agreement is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any provision of this Bond Agreement to a Bondholders' Meeting at which a resolution is passed or to Bondholders voting in favour of a resolution shall be construed accordingly.
(b) For the purposes of this Clause 19.5, the effective date of the resolution is the date when the resolution is signed by or on behalf of the last Bondholder whose signature results in the necessary voting majority being achieved and any reference in any provision of this Bond Agreement to the date of passing of a resolution is, in relation to a resolution made in accordance with this Clause 19.5, a reference to such date.
20. THE BOND TRUSTEE 20.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer),
47 JM

arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer* s financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

(c) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

(d) The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 20.1(c) provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

(e) The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 20.1(c) and (d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(g) The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Clause 20.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

(h) The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 19.3(e).

(i)

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several

4B

bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

(j)

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower

denomination in order to facilitate partly redemptions or restructuring of the

Bonds or other situations.

20.2 Liability and Indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set forth in Clause 2.3. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

(b) The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

(c) The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated Costs, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

20.3 Change of Bond Trustee (a) Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 19. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

(b) The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 17, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

(c) The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth

49

under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
20.4 Security Agent (a) The Security Agent shall have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly specified in the Intercreditor Agreement or in the Security Documents to which the Security Agent is expressed to be a party (and no others shall be implied). The duties of the Security Agent under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature.
(b) The Security Agent may resign or be changed in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(c) Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
(d) If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or reissued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The Costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
21. MISCELLANEOUS 21.1 The community of Bondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action (including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings);
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register; and
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however, Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement;
so / ^ M .

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
21.2 Defeasance (a) The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 21.2(b)) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance"):
(i) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders (or if the Bond Trustee so requires, to the Bondholders from time to time, represented by the Bond Trustee) cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of the higher of (A) principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option) and (B) the Secured Obligations (as defined in the relevant Security Documents to be replaced by the Defeasance Pledge), as the case may be;
(ii) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(iii) no Event of Default shall result from or have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge (other than an Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such Defeasance Pledge), or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events (which shall include any application for bankruptcy or corporate re-organisation having been filed by any person in respect of an Obligor) are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;
(iv) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any law, material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate
si

documents governing any Obligor;
(v) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(vi) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including a certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that: (A) the Defeasance Pledge will not be subject to any rights of creditors o f any Obligor, (B) the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders (or in favour of the Bondholders from time to time, represented by the Bond Trustee, as applicable), and (C) after three months and one day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
(b) Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 21.2(a):
(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clauses 14 and 15, except Clauses 14.1 and 14.2(a), (c), (f) and (h);
(ii) no Ob'iigor shall take (and shall procure that no Group Company take) any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(iii) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guaran ee(s), and the Guaranteed) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(iv) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required; and
52

(v) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (i) - (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.
(c) All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.
(d) Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
21.3 Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of 18 May 1979 no. 18.
21.4 Access to information (a) The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.
21.5 Amendments All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.
21.6 Notices, contact information (a) Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
(b) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.
(c) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any
53

such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows: (i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; or (ii) if by telefax, when received. (d) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons. (e) When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated); (i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in
force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included. (ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month. (iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date. 21.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue (a) This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law. (b) All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. (c) This Clause 21.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
54

T his Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Oslo, 27 September 2012

Teodin Acquico AS Issuer

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Bond Trustee

...........

(name in block letters)

£ .^ 0 b ftfJ O (name in block letters)

(Position)
Teodin Holdco AS Parent

F * e c u r /i/C D b-FiCCil. (Position)
Helly Hansen Group AS Target

(name in block letters)
(Position) A/S Hetly-Hansen IMAK
Original Guarantor

(name in block letters)
(Position) Helly Hansen Deutschland GmbH
Original Guarantor

(name in block letters)

(name in block letters)

55

T his Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
Oslo, 27 September 2012

Tcodin Acquico AS Issuer

Norsk Tillltsmann ASA Bond Trustee

. C . J > O V (A / (name In black letters)
(Position) Teodin Holdco AS
Parent <r
- J ' C. - It> 00/tA / (name in block letters)
(Position) A/S Hetly-Hnnsen 1MAK
Original Guarantor

(name in block letters} (Position)
Hclly Hansen Group AS Target
(Position) Helly Hansen Deutschland GmbH
Original Guarantor

J . C- ' 3 q tst V
(name in block letters)
ItW <ZTbn~

J «C ^ (mime m block letters)
55

(Position) Helly Hansen AB Original Guarantor
J. C . 3X>c/c'*S
(name in block tetters) V tsc£~arv A -
(Position)
Helly Hansen Holding AS Original Guarantor^

(Position) Helly Hansen (UK) Ltd
Original Guarantor
J ·C. . £>outxAS
(name in block letters)
(Position)
Helly Hansen AS Original Guarantor

J - C · '&>y)
(name in block letters)
(Position) Helly Hansen Leisure Canada Inc
Original Guarantor
*C .
(name in block letters)

(- C * 'ty&uiAS
(name in block letters)
(Position) Hetly Hansen D istribute B.V.
Original Guarantor
(name in block letters)

(Position)
Helly Hansen (U.S.) Inc. Original Guarantor
I - 3 )o csJ/i/
(name in block letters)
(Position)

(Position)

Schedule 1

ORIGINAL GUARANTORS

Name of Original Guarantor TEODIN HOLDCO AS HELLY HANSEN GROUP AS A/S HELLY-HANSEN IMAK HELLY HANSEN DEUTSCHLAND GMBH
HELLY HANSEN AB HELLY HANSEN (UK) LTD HELLY HANSEN HOLDING AS HELLY HANSEN AS HELLY HANSEN LEISURE CANADA INC. HELLY HANSEN DISTRIBUTE B.V. HELLY HANSEN (U.S.) INC.

Registration number 998 263 158 989 689 967
CVR 1579 9218 AG MUnchen HRB
122012 556280-4913
791202 977 466 482 912 359 999
N/A 19134185 600368759

Jurisdiction Norway Norway Denmark Germany
Sweden United Kingdom
Norway Norway Canada Netherlands State of Washington, United States

58

FORM OF ACCESSION LETTER

Schedule 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.Q Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E-mail:

+ 47 22 87 94 10 mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

TEODIN ACQUICO AS BOND ISSUE 2012/2017 - ISIN NO 001 065989.9

We refer to the Bond Agreement. This is an Accession Letter. Terms defined in the Bond Agreement have the same meaning in this Accession Letter unless given a different meaning in this Accession Letter.

[Material Company] agrees to become an Additional Guarantor and to be bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement as an Additional Guarantor pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the Bond Agreement. [Material Company] is a company duly incorporated under the laws of [name of relevantjurisdiction] and is a limited liability company with registration number [· ].

[Material Company's] administrative details are as follows:

(a)

Address: M

(b)

Fax No: [·]

(c)

Attention: N

[Insert applicable limitations to Clause 13.5, if any].

This Accession Letter is governed by Norwegian law.

Yours faithfully, [Material Company]

Teodin Acquico AS

Name of authorized person

Name of authorized person

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Schedule 3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E*mail:

+47 22 87 94 10 mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

TEODIN ACQUICO AS BOND ISSUE 2012/2017 - ISIN NO 001 065989.9

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between inter alia Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes a Compliance Certificate in relation to Clause 14.4 for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change

which would have a Material Adverse Effect since the date of the last accounts or the

last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 15 are satisfied;

3.

no Event o f Default is continuing;

4.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement; and

5.

in accordance with Clause 16, the Leverage Ratio as of [date] is [·].

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements / Quarterly Financial Reports] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Teodin Acqulco AS

Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation]
60

Schedule 4

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E-mail:

+ 47 22 87 94 10 mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,
TEODIN ACQUICO AS BOND ISSUE 2012/2017 - ISIN NO 001 065989.9
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between inter alia Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully, Teodin Acquico AS

[Name o f authorized person] Enclosures: [copy of written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

Schedule 5

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT - ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS (a) A copy of the constitutional documents of the Additional Guarantor.

(b) Certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to execute the Accession Letter and Finance Documents to which the Additional Guarantor is a party.

(d) A power of attorney from the Additional Guarantor to relevant individuals for their execution of the Accession Letter and the Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing that such individuals are authorized to sign on behalf of the Additional Guarantor;

(c)

An Accession Letter executed by the Additional Guarantor and the Issuer.

(d) Any Additional Guarantor Security Documents to be executed by the proposed Additional Guarantor.

(e) A legal opinion of the legal advisers to the Bond Trustee in the jurisdiction in which the Additional Guarantor is incorporated.

(0 If available, the latest audited financial statements of the Additional Guarantor.

(g) A certificate of the Additional Guarantor (signed by a director or, in the case of an Additional Guarantor formed under the laws of the United States or any state or territory thereof, an officer) confirming that guaranteeing or securing, as appropriate, the Additional Guarantor's commitments under the Finance Documents would not cause any borrowing, guarantee, security or similar limit binding on it to be exceeded.

(h) A copy of any authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance which the Bond Trustee considers to be necessary or desirable in connection with the entry into and performance of the transactions contemplated by the Accession Letter or for the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document.

62

Schedule 6

AGREED SECURITY PRINCIPLES 1. Considerations

In determining what Additional Guarantor Security Documents will be provided following the Senior Discharge Date in support of the obligations of the Obligors under the Finance Documents, the following matters will be taken into account. Security shall not be created or perfected to the extent that it would:

(a) result in any breach of corporate benefit, financial assistance, fraudulent preference or thin capitalisation laws or regulations (or analogous restrictions) of any applicable jurisdiction;

(b) result in a significant risk to the officers of the relevant grantor of Security of contravention of their fiduciary duties and/or of civil or criminal liability; or

(c) result in costs that, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, are disproportionate to the benefit obtained by the beneficiaries of that Security.

For the avoidance of doubt, in these Agreed Security Principles, "cost" includes, but is not limited to, income tax cost, registration taxes payable on the creation or enforcement or for the continuance of any Security, stamp duties, out-of-pocket expenses, and other fees and expenses (including legal fees) directly incurred by the relevant grantor of Security or any of its direct or indirect owners, subsidiaries or affiliates.

2. Obligations to be Secured

(a)

Subject to section 1 and to paragraph (b) below, the obligations to be secured

are the Secured Obligations (as defined below). The Security is to be granted

in favour of the Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders.

For ease of reference, the following definitions should, to the extent legally possible, be incorporated into each Additional Guarantor Security Document provided following the Senior Discharge Date:

"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations or liabilities (whether actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Obligors, owing or incurred by any member of the Group under the Finance Documents and all costs and expenses incurred by any Group Company and/or the Bond Trustee in connection with the enforcement of or preservation or their respective rights under the Finance Documents against the Obligors.

(b) The Secured Obligations will be limited:

63 A M -

(a) to avoid any breach of corporate benefit, financial assistance, fraudulent preference, thin capitalisation rules or the laws or regulations (or analogous restrictions) of any applicable jurisdiction; and
(b) to avoid any risk to officers of the relevant member of the Group that is granting Security of contravention of their fiduciary duties and/or civil or criminal or personal liability.
3. General Where appropriate, defined terms in the Additional Guarantor Security Documents should mirror those in this Agreement. The Parties agree to negotiate the form of each Additional Guarantor Security Documents provided following the Senior Discharge Date in good faith. The form of guarantee is set out in Clause 13 of this Agreement and is subject to any limitations set out in the Accession Letter applicable to such Additional Guarantor. The Security shall, to the extent possible under local law, be enforceable on the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of which notice has been served by the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 18.10.
4. Undertakings/Representations and W arranties Any representations, warranties or undertakings which are required to be included in any Additional Guarantor Security Document shall reflect (to the extent to which the subject matter of such representation, warranty and undertaking is the same as the corresponding representation, warranty and undertaking in this Agreement) the commercial deal set out in this Agreement (save to the extent that the Bond Trustee's local counsel deem it necessary to include any further provisions (or deviate from those contained in this Agreement) in order to protect or preserve the Security granted under the Additional Guarantor Security Document).
64

