ISUMNO 001 0793656
BOND AGREEMENT between
Master Marine AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Tmstee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
Master Marine AS Callable Secured PIK Bond Issue 2017/2019
L 890 7 5 1 5 .VI 29,05,17 92656-138

Nordic Trustee ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 INTERPRETATION

3

2 THE BONDS

11

3 LISTING

12

4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

12

5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

12

6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

13

7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

15

8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

17

9 INTEREST

17

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

18

11 PAYMENTS

19

12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

21

13 COVENANTS

21

14 FEES AND EXPENSES

25

15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

26

16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

29

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

32

18 RELEASE AND/OR TRANSFER OF SUBORDINATED LOANS

34

19 MISCELLANEOUS

34

3/40
This agreement has been entered into on 30 May 2017 between:
(1) Master Marine AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 879 342 732) as issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond tmstee (the "Bond Trustee'').

1

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings
"Account Manager'' means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Parent Company of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Parent Company.
"Appropriation" means the assumption of ownership, appropriation or similar process of the Pledged Shares by the Security Agent (or any delegate thereof) which is effected (to the extent permitted under the Share Pledge and applicable law) by enforcement of the Share Pledge.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clausel9.2
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachment to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, including any PIK Bonds.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway and New York are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17

4/40
may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments of Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10 2
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group under the same Decisive Influence, other than (i) the Sponsor Funds or any other fund within the Nordic Capital group of private equity funds or (ii) any international reputable company operating in the oil & gas industry holding minimum an investment grade rating by a reputable investment grade agency, obtains Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the Parent Company of the relevant person and the Parent Company's Subsidiaries shall be included
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2.
"Distressed Disposal" means a disposal of the Pledged Shares which is:
(a) being effected in circumstances where the Share Pledge has become enforceable;
(b) being effected by enforcement of the Share Pledge; or
(c) being effected, after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, by the Holding Company to a person or persons which is, or are, not a member, or members, of the Group.
"DSRA" means an account to be established in the name of the Issuer held with the Paying Agent, pledged and blocked on first priority in favour of the Security Agent pursuant to the DSRA Pledge in relation to which the Paying Agent shall waive any set-off rights.
DSRA Pledge means the first priority Norwegian law pledge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claim against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the DSRA as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"EUR means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States.
L_8907515 VI 29.05.17 42656-13;

5/40
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2
"Finance Documents" means:
(a) this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Security Documents (as well as any notice, acknowledgement and/or undertaking given thereunder or any other document relating thereto);
(c) the agreement between the Bond Tmstee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2; and
(d) any other document the Issuer and the Taistee in writing designate as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS and in accordance with applicable mles and regulations, such accounts to include a profit and loss account,

6/40
balance sheet, cash flow statement, notes and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"First Mortgage" means the first priority mortgage (and deed of covenants collateral thereto) against the Rig (and all equipment being legally part of the Rig under appropriate law) granted by the Rig Owning Company in favour of the Nordic Trustee ASA as security agent under JACKTO1.
"Group" means the Issuer and all of its (directly or indirectly owned) Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Flolding Company" means Crystal Violet B.V.
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Interest PIK Date" means 28 February, 30 May, 30 August and 30 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement dated 8 July 2014 entered into between inter aha Nordic Trustee ASA as security agent under the JACKTO 1, the Sponsor Agent, the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date each year, drawn up according to IFRS and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement, notes and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.
"IS IN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 30 May 2017
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by (a) the Issuer, (b) any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, (c) any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence, and/or the Sponsor Funds, the Sponsor Agent and/or any of their respective Affiliates.
"JACKT01" means the bond issue with ISIN No. 001071456 made pursuant to a bond agreement dated 8 July 2014 (including a tap issue option) and entered into between the Rig Owning Company as issuer and the Bond Trustee as bond trustee.
"JACKT01 Current Terms" means the terms of the JACKTO 1 in force at the date of this Agreement.
"Lamprell Contract" means the existing contract dated 26 September 2016 and entered into between the Rig Owning Company and Lamprell Energy Ltd. for the upgrade of the Rig
L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92

7/40
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, 0115 Oslo, Norway
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on: (a) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 30 July 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent Company" means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary.
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees)
"`Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"`Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement
"`Permitted Indebtedness" means
(a) any Financial Indebtedness arising under this Bond Issue;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and for non-speculative purposes;
(c) any guarantee issued (to governments and other third parties) in respect of obligations of the Rig Owning Company arising in its ordinary course of business in relation to the operation, maintenance or upgrade of the Rig contemplated under the Lamprell Contract, and any recourse obligation towards a bank or other financial institution in the event such bank or other financial institution has issued such guarantees on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) any unsecured Subordinated Loan; and
(e) any Financial Indebtedness under the Sponsor Facilities Agreement.
"Permitted Security" means
L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 921

8/40
(a) any Security granted in relation to Financial Indebtedness under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;
(b) any Security granted or required to be granted in relation to JACKTO1 under the JACKTO 1 Current Terms;
(c) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business; and
(d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer.
`Pledged Shai·es" means the shares in the capital of the Issuer subject to Security under the Share Pledge.
"Quarter Date" means each 3 1 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"PIK Bonds" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 9.2.
Rig" means the jack-up accommodation unit "Haven" built in 2011 and with IMO number 9526019, registered in the name of the Rig Owning Company in the Cyprus ship registry, and including all equipment thereto.
"Rig Owning Company" means Jacktel AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 994 152 300, being the 100% owner of the Rig.
"Rig Owning Company Permitted Indebtedness" means:
(a) amounts outstanding under the JACKTO 1 (including the Tap Issue) including any interest accrued thereon as based on the JACKTO 1 Current Terms;
(b) any refinancing of JACKTO 1 in an amount equal to the amount outstanding under the JACKTO 1 at the time of refinancing plus any fees incurred in connection with such refinancing;
(c) any Financial Indebtedness under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part of the ordinary course of business of the Rig Owning Company and for non-speculative purposes; and
(d) any guarantee issued (to governments and other third parties) in respect of obligations of the Rig Owning Company arising in its ordinary course of business in relation to the operation, maintenance or the upgrade of the Rig contemplated under the Lamprell Contract.
"Sale Event" means if (a) the Rig is sold or disposed of by the Rig Owning Company; or (b) the Issuer ceases to directly own 100% of the shares in the Rig Owning Company
"Second Mortgage" means the second priority mortgage (and deed of covenants collateral thereto) against the Rig (and all equipment being legally part of the Rig under appropriate law) granted by the Rig Owning Company in favour of the
L 8907515 V'l 29.05.17 .92656-1'

9/40
Sponsor Agent as security for the obligations of the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company under the Sponsor Facilities Agreement
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Share Pledge;
(b) the Sponsor Facilities Assignment; and
(c) the DSRA Pledge.
"Share Pledge" means the first priority Norwegian law share pledge to be granted by the Holding Company in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all of its shares in the Issuer together with, inter alia, executed notices and acknowledgements, as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Sponsor Agent" means Nordic Capital VII Limited.
"Sponsor Funds" means Nordic Capital VII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VII Beta L.P.
"Sponsor Lender" means Nordic Ocean Limited
"Sponsor Facilities Agreement" means a facilities agreement dated 2 June 2010, as amended by an addendum no. 1 dated 2 June 2010, a transfer certificate dated 1 September 2010, an addendum no. 2 dated 17 December 2010 and an addendum no. 3 dated 18 June 2014 between the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company as borrowers and the Sponsor Lender, the Sponsor Funds and Rector Marinus Invest AS as lenders and with the Sponsor Agent as agent, the principal outstanding amount of which is approximately EUR 142,000,000 and which is secured by the Second Mortgage, subject and subordinated to the First Mortgage in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement
"Sponsor Facilities Assignment" means a first priority Norwegian law assignment by way of security of all of the Sponsor Lender's right, title and interest in and to the Sponsor Facilities Agreement (being no less than 93% of the outstanding amount thereunder) granted by the Sponsor Lender in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf

10/40
of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Sponsor Facilities Assignment Agreement, as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Sponsor Facilities Assignment Agreement'' means a Norwegian law assignment agreement to be entered into between the Sponsor Lender, the Sponsor Agent and the Security Agent under which the Sponsor Facilities Assignment is granted and under and in relation to which certain undertakings are given to the Bond Trustee from the Sponsor Lender, the Sponsor Agent, the Sponsor Funds, the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee
"Statoil Charter Contract" means the contract for accommodation services dated 3 November 2015, entered into between the Issuer and Statoil Petroleum AS (for and on behalf of the Johan Sverdrup Unit) in respect of the Rig.
"Subordinated Lender" means a lender under a Subordinated Loan.
"Subordinated Liabilities" means, in relation to the Issuer, the liabilities and obligations it may have as a principal debtor to a Subordinated Lender in respect of Financial Indebtedness arising under any Subordinated Loan Agreement (whether incurred solely or jointly).
"Subordinated Loan" means a loan to the Issuer governed by a Subordinated Loan Agreement and in respect of which a Subordinated Loan Authority has been provided by the relevant Subordinated Lender to the Security Agent
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means any loan agreement entered or to be entered into by the Issuer in respect of any Subordinated Loan(s), in form and substance satisfactory' to the Bond Trustee, inter alia providing that (i) the Subordinated Loan is fully subordinated to the Bonds; (ii) the Subordinated Loan is without enforcement rights as long as any amount under the Bonds is outstanding; and (iii) no cash debt service or principal repayment may be made under the Subordinated Loan as long as any amount under the Bonds is outstanding
"Subordinated Loan Authority" means an agreement entered into by a Subordinated Lender in favour of the Security Agent (in form and substance satisfactory to the Security Agent) whereby a Subordinated Lender irrevocably and unconditionally grants authority to the Security Agent to transfer all or part of that Subordinated Lender's Subordinated Loan and/or release the Issuer from all or any part of its Subordinated Liabilities under that Subordinated Lender's Subordinated Loan on a Distressed Disposal or an Appropriation (as described under Clause 18 (.Release and or Transfer o f Subordinated Loans))
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Tap Issue" means a tap issue under the JACKT01 in the amount of EUR 51,000,000.
"Total Loss" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Rig or requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition, including an expropriation, of the Rig.
L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92556-138

11/40
USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) referencesto Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) referencesto a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality)

2

THE BONDS

2.1 Binding nature of this BondAgreement

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 19.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer hasresolved toissue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of up to USD 81,000,000.00 (USD Eighty One Million) and as increased by the issue of PIK Bonds accrued quarterly in accordance with Clause 9.

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 '$2656-138

12/40
The Face Value of the Bonds is USD 1.00 each.

The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

2.2.2 The Bond Issue will be described as "Master Marine AS Callable Secured PIK Bond Issue 2017/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0793656.

2.2.3 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall be provided to the Rig Owning Company in the form of loans (subordinated to the obligations of the Rig Owning Company under JACKT01) or equity, and applied to partly finance the upgrade of the Rig.

3

LISTING

The Issuer is under no obligation to ensure that the Bonds are admitted to listing on any Exchange, but has the right to list the Bonds on any exchange or other relevant marketplace if it so desires.

4

REGISTRATION IN THESECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall, prior to the transfer of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer, be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

13/40
5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1 Conditions Precedent to the Issue Date

6.1.1 Transfer of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

(c) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and the Issuer and the Sponsor Lender, the Sponsor Agent, the Sponsor Funds, the Holding Company, the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company to execute the relevant Finance Documents,

(d) the Security Documents duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Issuer or any other party to the Sponsor Facilities Agreement, as applicable);

(e) (to the extent required) a power of attorney from each of the Issuer and the Sponsor Lender, the Sponsor Agent, the Sponsor Funds, the Holding Company, the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the relevant Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer and the Sponsor Lender, the Sponsor Agent, the Sponsor Funds, the Holding Company, the Issuer and the Rig Owning Company;

(f)

certified copies of, for each of the Issuer and the Sponsor Lender, the

Sponsor Agent, the Sponsor Funds, the Holding Company, the Issuer and

the Rig Owning Company, (i) its Certificate of Incorporation or other

similar official document, evidencing that it is validly registered and

existing and (ii) its Articles of Association;

(g) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any),

(h) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

14/40
(i) to the extent necessary, any governmental authorisations, approvals, consents or waivers (as the case may be) required for the Bond Issue and the entry into of the Finance Documents;

(j)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in

the Securities Depository,

(k) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(l)

evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the Tap Issue is fully

subscribed and (subject only to the issue of the Bonds) readily available to

the Rig Owning Company

(m) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Taistee as described in Clause 2.1.1 and copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(n) each of the following legal opinions addressed to the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent:

(i) a legal opinion of Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS, legal advisers to the Bond Trustee as to Norwegian law;

(ii) a legal opinion of NautaDutilh N.V., legal advisers to the Holding Company as to Dutch law;

(iii) a legal opinion of Carey Olsen, legal advisers to the Sponsor Lender and the Sponsor Agent as to Jersey law;

(iv) a legal opinion of Montanios & Montanios LLC, legal advisers to the Issuer as to Cypriot law; and

(v) any other statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee; and

(o) a duly executed notice from the Sponsor Lender and the Sponsor Agent giving Rector Marinus Invest AS notice of the Sponsor Facilities Assignment.

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, subject to receipt of instructions from Bondholders holding at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3 Transfer of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Issuer is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled (or otherwise waived in accordance with Clause 6.1.2 above)

6.1.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Tmstee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Issuer.

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92656-133

15/40

7

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Taistee that;
7.1.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.1.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.1.5 No Kvent o f Default
(a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.6 Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required;

L 8907515 VI

16/40
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect
7.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it.
7.1.8 Financial Statements
The most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
7.19 No Material Adverse Fjfect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.110 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers of the Bonds or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.1.11 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7 .1.12 Pari passu ranking
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
7.1.13 Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.1 14 Information provided to the Bond Trustee
L 8907515 VI 29 05.17 92655-138

17/40
Any written factual information provided by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bond Issue (including, without limitation, the Statoil Charter Contract and the Lamprell Contract) remains true and accurate in all material respects.

7.1.15 Encumbrances on the Rig

The only mortgages or encumbrances registered against the Rig are the First Mortgage and Second Mortgage.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

8

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1 Status of the Bonds

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt (including any Subordinated Loans).

8.2 Security

The Bonds and anv other amount outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and/or the Bondholders, including accmed but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured on a first priority basis by the Security Documents.

9

INTEREST

9.1 Interest shall accrue on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 16 per cent. (16.00%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 On each Interest PIK Date, the interest shall be added to the principal o f the Bond Issue by issuance of Bonds in principal amount equal to the accrued interest (the "PIK Bonds"). Such PIK Bonds shall be issued pro rata to each Bondholder (adjusted down to avoid fractions of Bonds) on the relevant Interest PIK Date.
9.3 The relevant interest amount shall accrue and be compounded quarterly in arrear and calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest PIK Date, and thereafter from and including, that Interest PIK Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest PIK Date.
9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than

L 8907515.VI 29.05.17 92656-138

18/40
the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of Febaiary shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest Amount

Face

x

Value

Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (all or nothing) at any time from and including 30 November 2018 at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.22 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds)

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the sixty (60) days exercise period of the Put Option.

L 8907515.VI 29,05.17 92656-138

19/40

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to C-lause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Sale Event

Upon a Sale Event, the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer or the Rig Owning Company (as the case may be) receives the proceeds following such Sale Event and after redemption of the JACKT01 following such Sale Event, redeem all the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).

10.5 Total Loss

Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss, the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer receives the insurance proceeds following such Total Loss, redeem all the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds)

11 PAYMENTS

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1 If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1. L, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository'.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause II 3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1,1.

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92656-138

11.3 Currency

20/40

11.3 l

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accaie for the account of the Issuer.

11.32

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest PIK Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

L 8907515 VI 29 05.17 92656-133

21/40
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Documents or otherwise outstanding under the Finance Documents, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, the balance, if any, to the Issuer
12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 COVENANTS
13.1 General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant quarter;
(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(I) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity,
L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92656-138

22/40
(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond Trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent directly); and

(i)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2 2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Director of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate''). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General covenants

13.3.1 Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.2 Mergers

The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization has a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3 3 De-mergers

The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.

13.3.4 Continuation o f business

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no change is made to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

13.3.5 Ann 's length transactioiis

The Issuer shall not engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

L 8907515 VI 29 05 17 92556-138

23/40
13.3.6 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation
13.3.7 C'omphance with laws
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.3.8 Subordinated Loai is
The Issuer shall ensure that any existing and future Subordinated Loans to the Issuer shall be fully subordinated to the Bonds and without any enforcement rights or cash debt service during the term of the Bonds.
13.4 Issuer's positive covenants
13.4.1 Review-' o f accounts
The Issuer shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, facilitate a review of the Issuer's accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Tmstee at the cost of the Issuer, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject to such review.
13.4.2 Further assurances
The Issuer shall do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that the Security Interest created by the Security Documents remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with first priority, at the expense of the Issuer, or the respective security provider (as the case may be).
13.4 3 Compliance with laws and regulations
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time
13.4.4 Single purpose company
The Issuer shall:
(a) remain a single purpose company with a sole purpose of owning the Rig Owning Company; and
(a) not own any other material assets other than shares or other equity interests in the Rig Owning Company, claims under any shareholder loan to the Rig Owning Company, credit balances in any bank accounts, cash and cash equivalent investment and any other assets associated with the maintenance of a head office.
13.4.5 Ownership o f Rig Owning Company and. Rig
L 8907515 VI 29 05.17

24/40
The Issuer shall maintain a 100% direct ownership interest and control over the Rig Owning Company and procure that the Rig Owning Company maintains a 100% direct ownership interest and control over the Rig.
13.46 Lamprell Contract and S/atoil Charter Contract
The Issuer shall procure that the Rig Owning Company performs and observes all of its covenants and agreements contained in the Lamprell Contract and the Statoil Charter Contract, and take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights under the Lamprell Contract and/or the Statoil Charter Contract and not terminate (or agree to any termination), amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under the Lamprell Contract and/or the Statoil Charter Contract which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4.7 Payments to the DSRA
The Issuer shall procure that:
(a) as far as legally possible, any net proceeds from a sale of the Rig (after the JACKT01 or any refinancing thereof has been paid in full) is paid to the DSRA; and
(b) any amounts received by it from the Rig Owning Company, whether by way of dividend or otherwise, is paid to the DSRA,
in each case within 1 Business Day of the Issuer receiving such net proceeds or amounts
13.4.8 Information under JACKT0I
The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Trustee is promptly provided with a copy of all information provided by the Issuer or the Rig Owning Company to the bond trustee under the JACKT01.
13.5 Issuer's negative covenants
13.5 l Dividends
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make any loans or similar transactions (including, but not limited to, (i) total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer, (ii) cash service of Subordinated Loans, and/or (iii) cash service of the Sponsor Facilities Agreement (except in relation to the Security Agent's exercise of its rights related to the Sponsor Facilities Assignment), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its direct or indirect shareholders.
13.5.2 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the Permitted Indebtedness.
13.5.3 Security'

25/40
The Issuer shall not create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future assets or revenue or enter into arrangements having a similar effect, other than the Permitted Security
13.5.4 Financial Assistance
The Issuer shall not grant any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance to or for the benefit of any party, other than loans to or guarantees issued for the benefit of the Rig Owning Company, or guarantees for the benefit of third parties in each case in the ordinary course of business in relation to the operation or maintenance of the Rig or the upgrade of the Rig contemplated under the Lamprell Contract.
13.5.5 Investments
The Issuer shall not make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely in the Rig Owning Company which relate to the operation of the Rig.
13.5.6 Sponsor Facilities Agreement
The Issuer shall not amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under the Sponsor Facilities Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement without the written consent from the Bond Trustee.
13.57 Rig Owning ( 'omparty's negative cm'enants
The Issuer shall procure that the Rig Owing Company shall not;
(a) make any changes to the Sponsor Facilities Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement without the written consent from the Bond Trustee;
(b) incur any Financial Indebtedness which is not in existence as at the Issue Date, other than Rig Owning Company Permitted Indebtedness;
(c) increase the principal amount of the JACKTO1 from the amount outstanding as at the Issue Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Tap Issue) or make amendments to the interest payments thereunder; and/or
(d) create any further Security or encumbrance over the Rig.
14 FEES AND EXPENSES
14,1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement, and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the

26/40
Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Taistee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required, and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Taistee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT
15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
15.1.1 Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

27/40
15.1.2 Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Taistee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
15.1.3 Cross default
If for the Issuer, the Rig Owning Company or any other Group Company:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(c) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(d) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above of a total of USD 4,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
15.1.4 Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
15.15 Insolvency
(a) The Issuer, the Rig Owning Company or any other Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors (other than the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (but excluding any liability in respect of any Subordinated Loans).
(b) The value of the assets of the Issuer is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities, but excluding any liability in respect of any Subordinated Loans).
(c) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer

28/40
15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for the Issuer, the Rig Owning Company or any other Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph 15.1.6 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

15.1.7 ( 'reditors 'process

The Issuer, the Rig Owning Company or any other Group Company has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

15.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse l Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

L 8907515 VI 29.05.

29/40
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause L5.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if;
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1 3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of;

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

L 8907515 VI 29,05.17 92656-138

30/40
16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Tmstee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Taistee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2 5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Taistee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Taistee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Taistee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not

L_8907515_V1 29.05.17 92656U3S

31/40
participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3 6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and, if applicable, the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quoaim pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92656-133

32/40
attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Tmstee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Tmstee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Tmstee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Tmstee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Tmstee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Tmstee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Tmstee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Tmstee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1 4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Tmstee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

33/40
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and, if applicable, the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17 1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee (including in its capacity as Security Agent) is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders and the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fLilly in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Tmstee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2,1 (b)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond Trustee

17.3 1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16 The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties

34/40
pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

17 4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instmct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer

18 RELEASE AND/OR TRANSFER OF SUBORDINATED LOANS

If any Distressed Disposal or Appropriation is being effected, the Security Agent is irrevocably authorised (at the cost of the Issuer and without any consent, sanction, authority or further confirmation from any Secured Party, the Issuer or any Subordinated Lender) to transfer all or part of any Subordinated Loan and/or release the Issuer from all or any part of its Subordinated Liabilities under any Subordinated Loan.
19 MISCELLANEOUS

19.1 The community of Bondholders

L 8907515 VI 29 05 17 92656-138

35/40
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

19.2 Bond Defeasance

19.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 19.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Bond Defeasance").

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Taistee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise

L.,8907515 VI 29.05.17 92656-138

36/40
of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

19.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 19.2.1

(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, , and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged, and

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed

19.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

19.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

19.3 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18

19.4 Access to information

19.4.1 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 926SG-13S

37/40
distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

19.4 2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

19.4.3

Upon written request from a Bondholder to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, regulation and the relevant documents and within a reasonable time (and always subject to capacity of the Bond Trustee and the payment of a reasonable fee to the Bond Trustee), provide such Bondholder with a copy of any Finance Documents or any other statements, certificates, or legal opinions that the Bond Trustee has requested and received in relation to the Bond Issue and which it has in its possession (including but not limited to the Financial Statements provided pursuant to Clause 13.2.1 (c) and the Interim Accounts provided pursuant to Clause 13.2.1 (d).

19.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto

19.6 Notices, contact information

19.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

19.6 2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Tmstee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

19.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

L 8907515 VI 29 05 17 92650-138

38/40
19.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

19.65 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

19.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

19.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer shall be governed by Norwegian law.

19.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer shall, subject to paragraph 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

19.7.3

Clause 19.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only As a result, the Bond Trastee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two (2) originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer
(
By: Position:

...........

Bond Trustee
By: Position.

L 8907515 VI 2905.17 92655-133

38/40
19.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

19.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

19.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

19.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer shall be governed by Norwegian law.

19.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer shall, subject to paragraph 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

19.7.3

Clause 19.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two (2) originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer
By: Position:

Bond Trustee
By: Morten S. Bredesen
Position:

L_8907515_V1 29.05.17 92656-138

39/40
Attachment 1
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail mail(o).nordictrustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, MASTER MARINE AS BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2016 - ISIN 001 0793656 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD], Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are attached to this Compliance Certificate. With reference to Clause 13.2.2 of the Bond Agreement we hereby certify that: 1. all information contained in the attached [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] is
true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. 2 [we have [not] complied] with the covenants set out in Clause 13 of the Bond Agreement;1 and
3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement.
1 In the event that a Compliance Certificate confirms non-compliance with any covenant in Clause 13 of the Bond Agreement, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the noncompliance.
L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 9265S-13S

Yours faithfully,

40/40

Master Marine AS

Name o f[ChiefExecutive Officer Director! Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

L 8907515 VI 29.05.17 92656-133

