ISIN NO 001060119.8
BOND AGREEMENT between
Dannemora Mineral AB (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
11,75 per cent Dannemora Mineral AB Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016
O'

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 10 11 11 12 12 14 16 17 17 19 20 21 25 26 28 31 33

2

·tt

o

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 18 March 2011 between
(1) Dannemora Mineral Aktiebolag (a company incorporated in Sweden with Company No. 556678-3329) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

I

Interpretation

/. / Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Account Bank" means-Nordca Bank Norge ASA or any other first class international bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Assignment of Insurances" means Is( priority assignment over any relevant insurances related to the Dannemora Mine and the owned equipment related thereto governed by Swedish law,
"Assignment of offtake contracts" means 1sl priority assignment of any offtake contracts related to the Mine governed by Swedish law.
"Assignm ent of Receivables" means 1st priority assignment of receivables related to the Mine governed by Swedish law.
"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments, to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"B ondholders' M eeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

3
CC

Norsk TilUlsmann ASA

"Book Equity" At any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's financial statements as the book value of equity for the Group on a consolidated basis.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in New York and Oslo.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.

"Cash and Cash Equivalent" means, on any date, the aggregate o f the equivalent in SEK on such date o f the then current market value of:

(a)

cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on

deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(b) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and

bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank,

in each case, to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and to which any such Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Encumbrance. An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(a)

a commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a rating of

A- or higher by Standard & Poor's, Moody's or a comparable rating from a

nationally recognised credit ranking agency for its long-term debt

obligations; or

(b)

a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking

business in Sweden.

"Change of Control Event" means that either (i) the shares of the Issuer are no longer listed on a recognised stock exchange, or (ii) any person or group becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer.

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.

"Earnings Account" means an earnings account into which all earnings relating to the Mine shall be paid directly from the relevant buying party. The account shall be accessible to the issuer and may be blocked by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of and in favour of the Bondholders) in the event of default under the Bond Agreement.

"Earnings Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Earnings Account governed by Swedish law.

0 ^"

Norsk TilUlsmann ASA

"EBITDA" means at any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's Financial Statements as earnings before interest, lax, depreciation and amortization for the Group on a consolidated 12 month trailing basis,

"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of con ferring security.

"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged as first priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Escrow Account Agreement" means the pledge over the Escrow Account governed by Norwegian law.

"Equity Issue" means an equity issue in the Issuer of a minimum amount of SEK 100,000,000 (Swedish kronor hundred million), to be fully paid in to the Issuer and duly registered in the Swedish Register of Business Enterprises within 12 weeks after the Issue Date.

"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other recognised marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree to be a Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(c)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

5 i
0-

Norsk Tillifsmann AKA

(1)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institution; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in (a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP; such consolidated accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors; and such unconsolidated accounts to include a profit and loss account and a balance sheet.

" Fixed Assets" means all real estate properties (together with any pertaining fixtures (Sw. fastighetsUllbehör)) owned by any Group Company, and any equipment, machinery, buildings, plant, production facilities or other tangible asset related to the Mine held for business use and owned by any Group Company. For the avoidance of doubt, equipment, machinery and other inventory not owned by the Issuer or any Group Company (e.g. leased equipment) shall not be included in the definition of Fixed Assets.

"Fixed Assets Pledge" means each pledge governed by Swedish law over the following:
(i) mortgages over the real estate properties Östhammar Harvik 4:28, Östhammar Films-Österby 3:5 and Östhammar Harvik 4:12 and pertaining fixtures which will be second in ranking until the Östhammar Municipality Loan has been finally discharged (from which point in time the mortgages will be first ranking);
(ii) first ranking mortgages over any future real estate and pertaining fixtures acquired by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors related to the Mine; and
(iii) 1st priority pledge over Fixed Assets owned or acquired (related to the Mine) by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors other than real estate properties.

"Fixed Rate" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 9 .1.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by

6

Norsk [ illilsmann ASA
the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"G roup" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "G roup Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"G uarantee" means unconditional and irrevocable guarantee as for its own debt (Sw. proprieborgen) from the Guarantor(s) securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement.
"G uarantor(s)" means Dannemora Magnetit AB, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Sweden, with company registration number 556709-1664, and Dannemora Förvaltnings AB, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Sweden, with company registration number 556750-3627.
"Interest Bearing D ebt" means at any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's financial statements as the total interest bearing debt of the Group on a consolidated basis (excluding, to the extent included in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, mobile equipment lease obligations).
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means 22 March and 22 September each year and the Maturity Date, Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Internal Loan" means any loan between Group Companies.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 22 March 2011.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
" Liquidity" means at any time, (on a consolidated basis) the aggregate amount of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents plus any positive balance of the Escrow Account and the Earnings Account.
"M anager" means First Securities AS, (organization no. 980 645 487), Filipstad brygge 1, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway, the manager for the Bond Issue.
"M andatory Prepaym ent Event" means that either (i) the Mine is sold or disposed of or (ii) the Issuer's 100% indirect ownership in the Mine is reduced.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's or a Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under
7

C l*

Norsk Tillltsmanii ASA
the Finance Documents ; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.
"M aturity Date" means 22 March 2016 or such earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement, Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mine" means the Dannemora Mine with exploration permit Dnr 22-1294-2006 by the Mining Inspectorate of Sweden.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means at any time, Interest Bearing Debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents for the Group on a consolidated basis.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Bond, USD 1,000.00.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor(s).
"O utstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any other legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee to act as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest,
"Permitted Encum brance" means: (a) any lien by operation of law and in the ordinary course of day-to-day business; (b) any retention of title arrangements and rights of set-off arising in the ordinary
course of day-to-day trading with suppliers and on the supplier's standard or usual terms; (c) any security granted pursuant to the Östhammar Municipality Loan; or (d) any Security Interest created pursuant to any Finance Document.
"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Q uarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts o f the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such consolidated accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash ilow statement and management commentary; and such unconsolidated accounts to include a profit and loss account and balance sheet.
8 '7?

Norsk TlUitsmann ASA
·`Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered, i.e. the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS")).
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited to:
(a) the Escrow Account Agreement (b) the Guarantees; (c) the Share Pledge; (d) each Fixed Assets Pledge; (e) the Assignment of Insurance; (f) the Assignment of offtake contracts; (g) the Assignment of Receivables; and (h) Earnings Account Pledge.
"SEK" means Swedish kroner, being the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Share Pledge" means the l sl priority pledge over all the shares (100%) in the Guarantors.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority o f the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity,
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly,
"Total Assets" means at any time, the aggregate amount which would, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles, be shown on the Issuer's financial statements as the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.
9
0 ^-

Norsk Tillltsinaim ASA

"Total Loss" means that the Mine is subject to a total loss or requisition.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S, Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the issuer's Bonds.

"Ö stham m ar Municipality Loan" means the non-interest bearing loan of Dannemora Förvaltnings AB pertaining to its acquisition of Östhammar Harvik 4:28, Östhammar Films-Österby 3:5, Östhammar Harvik 4:10 and Östhammar Harvik 4:12 extended by Damiemora Gruvfastighetcr AB, a subsidiary wholly owned by the municipality of Östhammar, in the amount of SEK 13 million, secured by mortgages over the real estate properties Östhammar Harvik 4:28, Östhammar Films-Österby 3:5 and Östhammar Harvik 4:12 and pertaining fixtures. The loan is due to mature on 31sl December 2012.

1,2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (1) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2. J Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders arc, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, because authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, sec also Clause 18.1.

10
Q -'

Norsk 'I illitsmaim ASA

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount o f USD 120,000,000 (U.S, Dollars one hundred and twenty million),
The Bonds will be in denominations o f USD 1,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.
The Bond Issue will be described as " 11.75 per cent Dannemora Mineral AB Callable Senior Secured Bond Issue 2011/2016",
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001060119.8.

The term of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2 3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed firstly to complete the financing of the Dannemora Mine iron ore project and secondly for general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").

3.2 Following any listing, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a SecuritiesRegister

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement, The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation o f correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent lor the Issuer (provided that the agent is qualified according to the relevant regulations).

CL.

Noi slt Tillitsmann ASA

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1

Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and

may be pledged.

5.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as

applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due

e.g, to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business).

Bach Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own

cost and expense.

5.3

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to

mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond

Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent 6.1.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject
to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the disbursement date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents in relation to the Obligors.
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) copies of the most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) documentary evidence of any public authorizations for the Bond Issue (if required)

12

Norsk TiHltsmamt ASA

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;

(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);

(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14,2, duly executed;

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issue]' or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l) a capacity legal opinion from the Obligors' legal advisor in Sweden; and

(in) evidence of establishment of the Escrow Account and an escrow account agreement, duly executed and perfected by all parties (including all applicable notices, acknowledgement and consents from the Account Bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the Finance Documents are acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably) and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.4

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account. 

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent

6.2.1 The amount in the Escrow Account including any interest accumulated shall only be (i) used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3 or, alternatively, (ii) returned to the Bondholders in the event that the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent are not satisfied for any reason at par value if such failure to comply with the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent is beyond the control of the Issuer,
6.2.2 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer or at the Issuer's instruction will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:
(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in form and substance as set out in Attachment 2 hereto;
(b) documentation showing that the Equity Issue has been completed, fully paid up to the Issuer and registered in the Swedish Register of Business Enterprises within 12 weeks after the Issue Date; and

13

Norsk TillUsinniin ASA

(c) the Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Agreement) being executed and perfected (if applicable) by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests in the form of a legal opinion from the Obligors' legal advisor in Sweden satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.
6.3 The Bond Trustee may reasonably require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue (pre and post Issue Date).
6.4 The balance of the Escrow Account, including any interest accumulated, less an amount equal to 12 months' interest on any Bonds outstanding will be made available in foil to the Issuer upon the fulfilment o f the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent as described in section 6.2.
The remaining balance of the Escrow Account (the amount corresponding to 12 months' interest on the Bonds plus interest accumulated on the Escrow Account) shall be released to the Issuer twelve months after the Issue Date.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 All Obligors represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document (if applicable), except as may be limited by any relevant bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial

14

rfi

CL.

Norsk TillUsmuim ASA
or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any material document and/or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event, o f Default No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or a combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All material authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All material authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The most-recently audited Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another,
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date o f the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date o f the Financial Statements issued most recently prior to the Issue Date, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
15
CL-

Norslt l lllilsinann ASA

(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is not in breach of any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation in a manner which has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall, if applicable, apply for all Obligors, (and references to Issuer shall include a reference to all Obligors where applicable), and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligors shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior secured debt o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar mandatory laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

16

CL-

Norsk iWHsmmm ASA

9 Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the Nominal Amount o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date, unless previously redeemed, at a fixed rate of 11.75% per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate"),

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in September 2011.

9.3 The relevant amount of interest payable shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation o f the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31 st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31 st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Nominal x Fixed

Amount

Amount

Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10

Maturity of the Bonds, Redemption, Change of Control andMandatory

Prepayment

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option
10.2,1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entireBond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 to, but not included, tire Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 106 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

17

*

r

CL-

Norsk Tlllitsmnmi ASA

(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and

(iii) any time from and included Interest Payment Date in March 2015 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (via the Paying Agent) and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures o f the Securities Register,)

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the call option settlement date,

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Change o f Control Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 102 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within 60 calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Tiustce and the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request after the expiry of the exercise period. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen - 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request from the Account Manager.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

Upon die occurrence of a Mandatory Prepayment Event the Issuer shall redeem the entire Bond Issue as follows:

18
<1 /

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i) at any time from and including the Issue Date to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2012 at 108 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
(ii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2012 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 at 107 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(iii) at any time from and including the Interest Payment Date in March 2013 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2014 at 106 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(iv) at any time from and including tire Interest Payment Date in March 2014 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in March 2015 at 104 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and
(v) any time from and included Interest Payment Date in March 2015 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,
10.5 If the Mine is subject to Total Loss, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at 100% of the par' value of the Bonds (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) on the earlier of the date of receipt of insurance proceeds or the date occurring 180 days after the date of the Total Loss.
10.6 If the Equity Issue has not been fully paid in to the Issuer and duly registered with the Swedish Register of Business Enterprises within 12 weeks of the Issue Date, the Bonds shall be repaid in full at a price of 101% o f par value.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager-) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.2.2

All amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a,Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register,

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

113 Set-off and counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaim or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1

In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00-% p.a. (five per cent per annum).

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11,4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

I I .5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

20

r*

o,

Norsk Tillitsmaon ASA

13 Covenants

/3.1 General

13.1.1 . The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which in the opinion of the Issuer are, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business or execute a merger or demerger;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Reports quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language, alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available) not later than 100 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of each quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;
(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and
(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

(V

Norsk Tlllltsmann ASA

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to catty out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1 (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaiy shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiaiy shall, cany out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect,

(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Guarantor shall, cease to carry out its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, if this would have a Material Adverse Effect..

22

NorskTillitsinann ASA
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Subsidiary shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent o f the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in an arms' length transaction with a third party,
All such transactions shall comply with applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions.
(c) Ownership o f Guarantors The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Guarantors, and shall cause each Guarantor not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.
(d) Guarantors' distributions The Issuer shall not permit any Guarantor to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance other than Permitted Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Guarantor to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement.
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) cany on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it
23
CL/

Norsk Tillifsmami AHA
or they may be subject to from time to time (including any applicable environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and
(ii) other events which have occurred or can reasonably be expected to occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(h) Financial Assistance The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any third party not being a member of the Group (together "Financial Support"), other than (1) in ordinary course of business and the existing Östhammar Municipality Loan and (2) Financial Support in connection with the Bond Agreement.
(i) Internal Loans In case an Internal Loan is established or persists where a parent company is the debtor and the subsidiary is the creditor, such Internal Loans shall rank in all respects behind the Bonds. Any Internal Loans may be made only directly between a parent and its subsidiary.
(j) Arm \s length transaction The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement o f the Issuer's or such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable tenns that arc no less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an aim's length transaction at the time.
(k) No further encumbrances Other than Permitted Encumbrances, the Issuer undertakes to procure that the Group establishes no further encumbrances, liens or otherwise over (i) the Security Interests, (ii) any Internal Loans and (iii) any other assets relating to the Mine.
(l) Loansfrom shareholders o f the Issuer to the Guarantors shall be subordinated
The Issuer undertakes to procure that any loan from a shareholder of the Issuer to the Guarantors shall rank in all respects behind (be subordinated) the Bonds.
(in) Insurance The Issuer shall maintain insurances on and in relation to its business and assets with reputable independent underwriters or insurance companies against those risks, and to the extent, usually insured against by prudent companies located in the same or similar location or region carrying on a similar business.

24

1A

Norsk Tillitsiiifliin ASA

13.5 Presentation o f equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares or any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations, the Issuer shall however be entitled to repurchase its own shares to cover its potential obligations under any employees' and board members' (of the Issuer) bonus share program.
(b) Security Interests
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Bond Agreement, to the extent there exists Fixed Assets where granting security over such assets is not legally feasible under Swedish law or justifiable considering the value and benefit for the secured party and the costs and expenses of the legal entity providing that security, these assets shall be excluded from the granting of such security in which case, the Issuer and Guarantors undertakes not to create any security interest, lien, retention or other encumbrance over such assets (other than Permitted Encumbrance).
(c) Equity Ratio The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group has an Equity Ratio (on a consolidated basis) o f minimum 1/3 on the first reporting date following the Issue Date with audited accounts, not later than 30 June 2011.
(d) Debt related to new investments The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group, when making investments not related to the Mine, incurs debt of a maximum of 60% of such invested amount.
(e) Net Interest Beating Debt to EBITDA Ratio The Issuer undertakes to procure that the Group maintains a Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA Ratio o f a maximum of 4.00 after 31 December 2013.
(f) Minimum liquidity The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group maintains a minimum Liquidity of SEK. 50 million at all times. For the avoidance of doubt, any balance of the Escrow Account and die Earnings Account will count when measuring the liquidity position of the Group.

14

Fees and expenses

14, l The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

25
1$

NorskTillitsmnmi ASA

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders,
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14,2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses reasonably incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations Any Obligor or any Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee,

(c) Cross default for any Obligor or any Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 5,000,000 (U,S. Dollars five million), or the equivalent thereof in other currencies:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

26

* £L-

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(cl) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made,
(e) Insolvency If for any Obligor:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(1) Creditors' process Any Obligor or any Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to restraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor or any Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of any Obligor or any Subsidiaty.
(It) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the material terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company or any Obligor which, if adversely determined would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
27
Cm

Norsk TillUsmnnn ASA

(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or scries of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Elfect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing (and after the passing of the applicable period to remedy (if any) set out in Clause 15.1), the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) after a Bondholders Meeting convened in accordance with Clause 16, the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In cither case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

28

Norsk Tillilsmarm ASA

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to he discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content oi'the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect,

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with tire Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

29
$
<L^

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present for the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In ease o f parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (112) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16,4. Even if less than half (112) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed, although the outcome of such voting will not be binding,

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash How o f the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer);
(c) change of Bond Trustee; and (d) enforcement of, or material changes to, Security Interests.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting arc properly implemented.

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

/ 6.4 Repealed Bondholders ' meeting

16,4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned, in accordance with Clause 16.2.4, to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed in accordance with Clauses 16.3.4 or 16,3.5 (as applicable) even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

/ 7. / The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest

31

Norsk I'illilsmann ASA

against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness,

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17,1 unless such notice is obviously unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer,

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

/ 7.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from (he Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee's duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new Bond Trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

32 vC

NortikTilHtsmann ASA

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent (in each case acting reasonably), any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assigmnent or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous
18, / The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, resulting in, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement.
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'
community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18,2,2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon an exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonably acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on tire date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events o f Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles o f association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal

34

$

Norsk TiHUsitmnu ASA

opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18,2.1;

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Tiustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Tiustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Tiustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain hilly in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All amounts covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Tiustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims
18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

35
(L/

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders shall also be published at the web site w w w .stamdata. no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or electronic mail, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; and (b) if by electronic mail or telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a Business Day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a Business Day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

18, 7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law. Other than the Escrow Account Agreement, which will

36

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
be governed by Norwegian law, the Security Interests shall be governed by Swedish law,
All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of N ow ay, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. The foregoing shall not preclude the Bond Trustee to seek injunctive or temporary relief on behalf of the Bondholders before a competent court in Sweden or any other relevant jurisdiction.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer Dannemora Mineral Aktiebolag

Bond Trustee Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

37

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,
11.75 PER CENT DANNEMORA MINERAL AB BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2016 ISIN 001 060119.8
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions arc used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2,3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5(c), the Equity Ratio as of [date] is [percentage],

5. in accordance with Clause 13.5(e), the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA Ratio as of [date] is [percentage],
6. in accordance with Clause 13.5(f), the Liquidity as o f [date] is SEK [amount]. Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quartcrly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Danncmora Mineral AB

38

Name, o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Norsk Tillltsinann ASA

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P,0, Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

11.75 PER CENT DANNEMORA MINERAL AB BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2016 ISIN 001 060119.8

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions arc used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that on [date] we wish to draw an amount of USD [amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purposes set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still tine and accurate at the time hereof, and (iii) that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose o f tire Bond Issue.

Yours faithfully,

Dannemora Mineral AB

Name of authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds]

