Execution version
BOND TERMS FOR
SICCAR POINT ENERGY BONDS pic 9.00 per cent, senior unsecured callable bonds 2018/2023
ISIN NO 0010815053
L 9584790 VI 29.01 18 95482-030

2/57

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION..................................................................................................................3

2. THE B O ND S..............................................................................................................................17

3. THE BONDHOLDERS........................................................................................................... 18

4. ADMISSION TO LISTIN G .................................................................................................... 19

5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS...................................................................................... 19

6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEM ENT...............................................................................19

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES................................

21

8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS.................................................................... 23

9. IN TER EST.................................................................................................................................25

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF B O N D S..........................................................26

11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF B O N D S .......................................................

27

12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................28

13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS..........................................

29

14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS............................ 36

15. BONDHOLDERS ' D EC ISIO N S...........................................................................................40

16. THE BOND T R U ST E E ..........................................................................................................45

17. AMENDMENTS AND W AIVERS...................................................................................... 49

18. M ISCELLANEOUS................................................................................................................. 50

19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISD ICTIO N ...................................................................... 52

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF GUARANTEES 2

L 9584790 VI 29.01 18 95482-030

3/57

BOND TERMS entered into by and between

ISSUER:

Siccar Point Energy Bonds pic, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 11029537 and LEI-code 213 800T7HIAGGLMQ2871, and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT8 5.

DATED:

30 January 2018

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Acceptable Bank" means bank or financial institution which has a rating for its long-term unsecured and non-credit-enhanced debt obligations of A- or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited or a comparable rating from an internationally recognized credit rating agency.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person:

(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of that person;

(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over that person (directly or indirectly); and

(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over that person.

"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Parent for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.

L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

4/57
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15 (Bondholders ' decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open; and on which Bank of England is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to the Interest Period.
"Call Notice" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary Redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary Redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cash" means, at any time, cash in hand or at bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a Group Company with an Acceptable Bank and to which a Group Company is alone (or together with other Group Companies) beneficially entitled and for so long as the cash is freely available and unrestricted.
"Cash Equivalents" means, at any time:
(a) certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation or maturing after more than one year after the relevant date of calculation so long as the
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

5/57
relevant Group Company is able to access the cash within 15 working days of giving notice, and issued by an Acceptable Bank;
(b) any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government of the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Norway, any member state of the European Economic Area or by an instrumentality or agency of any of them having an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation and not convertible or exchangeable to any other security;
(c) tradable commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security with a maturity no greater than one year after the relevant calculation date and which has a credit rating of either A-l or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or FI or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating;
(d) any investment in money market funds which (i) have a credit rating of either A-l or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or FI or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investors Service Limited, (ii) which invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above and (iii) can be turned into cash on not more than 30 days' notice, or
(e) the amount of any unconditional and irrevocable letter of credit or similar guarantee from an Acceptable Bank, provided that, if at the date of calculation, a utilisation of the same would cause an amount to be payable by the relevant Group Company, such amount shall be excluded,
in each case, to which any Group Company is alone (or together with other Group Companies) beneficially entitled at that time and which is not issued or guaranteed by any Group Company or subject to any Security.
"Change of Control Event" means a person or group of persons (other than the Sponsors or their Affiliates or affiliated funds) acting in concert gaining Decisive Influence over the Parent Holdco, the Parent or the Issuer.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1 hereto.
"Coupon Rate" means 9.0 per cent, per annum.
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

6/57
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" means any dividend payment, repurchase of shares and/or making of loans and/or other equity or capital distributions and/or payments (including group contributions) to its direct or indirect shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans) whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect.
"EBITDAX" means "revenues" less "cost of sales" and "other operating costs" as set out in the Group's accounts at any time (calculated on a last 12 months basis on a consolidated basis for the Group). For the avoidance of doubt, exploration expense (whether relating to successful or unsuccessful wells) and any non-recurring non-cash cost shall not be deducted.
"Existing Facility" means the existing USD 600 million Reserve-Based Lending Facility with maturity date 8 November 2023, and any amendment, renewal, extension or new reserve based-lending facility replacing such facility (established with reputable commercial banks as initial lenders), including for the avoidance of doubt any increase of the facility.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 (Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means the Nordic ABM, a self-regulated marketplace organised and operated by Oslo Bors.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, any Transaction Security Document and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Finance Lease" means any lease or hire purchase contract entered into by a Group Company which would have been treated as a finance or capital lease for accounting purposes in accordance with GAAP as applicable on the Issue Date.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
L 9584790.VL 29,01.18 95482-030

7/57
(a) moneys borrowed (and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions);
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(i) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
(j) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above,
but excluding (other than with respect to the Issuer and the Parent Holdco):
(i) any derivative transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business and on a non-speculative basis, including for the purpose of commodity price, interest rate or currency exchange rate hedging; and
L_9584790_V 1 29.01 J 8 95482-030

8/57
(ii) any Finance Lease entered into in the ordinary course of business for the provision of an FPSO, FSU or similar oil and/or gas production infrastructure.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in January 2021.
"GAAP" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time. "Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means:
(a) the Norwegian law guarantees {Nw.: "selvskyldnergaranti") and indemnities granted by the Guarantors (other than Parent Holdco) and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a Material Group Company, in each case substantially in the form set out in Part I of Schedule 1 {Form o f Guarantees);
(b) the Parent Holdco Guarantee; and (c) any other guarantee and/or indemnity given by a Guarantor in relation to the Finance
Documents. "Guarantor" means each of the Parent Holdco, the Parent, Siccar Point Energy U.K Limited, a company existing under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 09858988, Siccar Point Energy E&P Limited, a company existing under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 01504603 and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a Material Group Company, in each case in its capacity as party to a Guarantee.
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.4 {Financial Covenants and Incurrence Test).
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). "Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

9/57
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or (c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant
bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended). "Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement dated 30 January 2018, as amended from time to time, and entered into to establish the relative rights of the creditors under the Existing Facility and the Bonds with respect to the Guarantees. "Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 31 July 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the periods between (i) 31 July in one year and 31 January in the next following year and (ii) 31 January and 31 July in each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. "Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Parent for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June and 31 December in each year prepared in accordance with GAAP. "ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number of the Bonds. "Issue Date" means 31 January 2018. "Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by an Obligor or any Affiliate of an Obligor.
"Listing Failure Event" means: (a) that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on the Exchange within six (6) months
following the Issue Date, or (b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of six (6) months has
elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on the Exchange. "Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
L 9584790 V] 29.01.18 95482-030

10/57
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 103.60 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable US Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation). "Managers" means DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, Sparebank 1 Markets AS; and Pareto Securities AS. "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the ability of the Issuer or any of the Guarantors to perform and comply with its
obligations under any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents. "Material Group Company" means each Guarantor (other than the Parent Holdco and the Parent) and any other Subsidiary of the Parent which has been designated as a Material Group Company by the Parent pursuant to Clause 13.3 (Designation o f Material Group Companies). "Maturity Date" means 31 January 2023, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. "Net Debt" means Total Debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents. "Net Interest Bearing Debt" means Net Debt which bears interest.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o fBonds) or any other amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.2, paragraph (j). "Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor. "Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

11/57
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by an Obligor under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parent" means Siccar Point Energy Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 9103084.
"Parent Holdco" means Siccar Point Energy Finance Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 9102885.
"Parent Holdco Guarantee" means the Norwegian law guarantee (Nw.: "selvskyldnergaranti") and indemnity granted by the Parent Holdco, substantially in the form set out in Part II of Schedule 2 (Form o f Guarantees) hereto.
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Existing Facility;
(c) Financial Indebtedness arising out of any Permitted Loan, Permitted Guarantee or Permitted Security;
(d) Financial Indebtedness incurred under any pension or tax liabilities in the ordinary course of business;
(e) any Financial Indebtedness as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity after the Issue Date and such Financial Indebtedness is incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question;
(f) any other Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Group Company, provided that the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma immediately after the incurrence of such indebtedness) and provided such Financial Indebtedness of the Group Company ranks pari passu with or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantors under the Finance Documents;
LJJ584790_V1 29,01.18 95482-030

12/57
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability in the ordinary course of business of a Group Company;
(h) any Financial Indebtedness arising as a result of a contemplated refinancing of the Bonds in full provided that (i) a Call Notice has been served on the Bonds (in full) and (ii) such debt is held in escrow until full repayment of the Bonds;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness arising in relation to the discounting or factoring (or other similar or equivalent arrangement) of receivables, bills of exchange and/or inventory in the ordinary course of business up to a maximum aggregate amount (in terms of the outstanding principal amount of Financial Indebtedness at any time) of USD 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); and
(j) any other Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed an aggregate amount of USD 5,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) at any time.
"Permitted Guarantees" means any guarantee:
(a) arising under or out of the Finance Documents or the Existing Facility;
(b) relating to the endorsement of negotiable instruments in the ordinary course of trade;
(c) securing performance under any contract by, or which is in respect of an underlying obligation of, a Group Company, which, in each case, is entered into in the ordinary course o f business;
(d) in respect of the cash pooling, netting or set-off arrangements permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of the definition of "Permitted Security";
(e) given by a Group Company to a landlord in its capacity as such;
(f) constituting Permitted Financial Indebtedness or a guarantee granted in order to secure Permitted Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company;
(g) in the form of customary indemnities given in mandate, engagement and commitment letters;
(h) provided by a Group Company to or for the benefit of another Group Company;
(i) arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission; and
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

13/57
(j) not otherwise permitted by the preceding paragraphs and the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed USD 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate of the Group at any time.
"Permitted Loan" means any loan or Financial Support:
(a) arising under Financial Indebtedness or loan made by and between Group Companies (including cash pooling arrangements with an Acceptable Bank to the extent allowed under applicable law);
(b) in the form of deposits of cash or cash equivalent investments with financial institutions for cash management purposes or in the ordinary course of business;
(c) arising under Financial Indebtedness or loan made or credit extended by any Group Company to its customers in the ordinary course of business;
(d) in the form Financial Indebtedness incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal commercial terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading partners in the ordinary course of its trading activities;
(e) arising under Financial Indebtedness or Financial Support arising out of any Permitted Guarantee or Permitted Security;
(f) in the form of Financial Indebtedness or loan in existence at the date of these Bond Terms provided that the aggregate principal amount of which does not exceed USD 5.000. 000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time; and
(g) in the form of Financial Indebtedness or loan not permitted pursuant to the preceding paragraphs and the aggregate principal amount of which does not exceed USD 5.000. 000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) any Transaction Security, including cash collateral to secure obligations under the Finance Documents;
(b) any Security arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading, provided that if such Security has arisen as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Group it shall not subsist for a period of more than 30 calendar days;
(c) any cash pooling, netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of Group Companies;
(d) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

14/57
Group Company in the ordinary course of business and not arising as a result of a default or omission by any Group Company that is continuing for a period of more than 30 calendar days;
(e) any right of set-off arising under contracts entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their day-to-day business;
(f) any Security arising over any bank accounts or custody accounts or other clearing banking facilities held with any bank or financial institution under the standard terms and conditions of such bank or financial institution;
(g) payments into court or any Security arising under any court order or injunction or as security for costs arising in connection with any litigation or court proceedings being contested by any Group Company in good faith (which do not otherwise constitute or give rise to an Event of Default);
(h) any Security created for the benefit of the finance providers in relation to a refinancing of the Bonds in full, however provided always that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied after repayment of the Bonds in full (other than with respect to an escrow account (if applicable) which may be perfected in connection with the incurrence of such debt); and
(i) any Security securing Financial Indebtedness which constitutes Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Guarantees.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Listing Failure Event or a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(a) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
L 9584790 VI 29.01,18 95482-030

15/57
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Sponsors" means the Blackstone Group LP and/or Blue Water Energy LLP, and any Affiliates thereof or funds managed or advised thereby.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 {Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Total Debt" means the sum of all interest-bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Group on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
"Transaction Security" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.5 {Transaction Security).
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 {Transaction Security) or otherwise in relation to the Transaction Security, expressed to create any Security or guarantee by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"US Government Bond Rate" means the interest rate of debt securities instruments issued by the government of the United States of America on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Issuer's redemption of Bonds in each case
L_9584790_V I 29.01.18 95482-030

(as applicable), provided that if the US Government Bond Rate is negative it will be set to zero.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, mle, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;
(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;
(h) references to a Finance Document is a reference to that Finance Document as amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time;
(i) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;
(j) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds),
(k) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and
(l) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
L 9584790 VI 29*01.18 95482-030

17/57
2. THE BONDS 2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of USD 100,000,000.
(b) The Bonds are denominated in US Dollars (USD), being the legal currency o f the United States o f America.
(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is USD 200,000.
(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010815053. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.
2.2 Tenor of the Bonds The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
2.3 Use of proceeds The Issuer may use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for general corporate purposes of the Group, including without limitation for partial repayment of existing debt.
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall be unsecured and guaranteed as set out in Transaction Security, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall procure that the Guarantees are granted in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) (the "Transaction Security") within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditionsfor disbursement).
(b) The Guarantees shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as set out in Schedule 2 (Form o f Guarantees) hereto or otherwise as agreed to by the Bond Trustee in order to create the intended benefit for the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Transaction Security, subject to paragraph (c) and (d) below and the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(c) The Guarantees (other than the Parent Holdco Guarantee) shall be subordinated to the Existing Facilities, on the terms set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.
(d) The Parent Holdco Guarantee shall be subject to the following terms:
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

18/57

(i) the existing and future loans to Parent Holdco from its direct or indirect parent company shall contain terms expressly ranking those loans behind the Parent Holdco Guarantee on the insolvency of the Parent Holdco, as further described in paragraph (b)(ii) of Clause 13.2.5 (Financial Indebtedness); and

(ii) no claim shall be capable of being made under the Parent Holdco Guarantee until the Senior Discharge Date (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) has occurred, as further set out in the Parent Holdco Guarantee.

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall

L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

19/57

only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall procure that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange within six (6) months of the Issue Date and thereafter remain listed on the Exchange until the Bonds have been

redeemed in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer
(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds to the Issuer shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties hereto;

(ii) with respect to the Issuer and each Guarantor:

(A) copies of all corporate resolutions required for the issuance of the Bonds (with respect to the Issuer) and to execute the relevant Finance Documents (with respect to the Issuer and each original Guarantor);

(B) copies of a power of attorney (unless included in the relevant corporate resolutions) to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant

L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

20/57
Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents;
(C) copies of the constitutional documents and of a full extract from the relevant company register evidencing due incorporation and continued existence;
(iii) copies of the Parent's most recent audited accounts (being those to 31 December 2016);
(iv) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled
(v) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;
(vi) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto; (vii) the Intercreditor Agreement duly signed by all parties;
(viii) with respect to any existing deed polls, evidence of compliance with the requirements of paragraph (b)(ii) of Clause 13.2.5 {Financial Indebtedness)',
(ix) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;
(x) legal opinions as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents);
(xi) from each process agent appointed under the Finance Documents, a written confirmation of acceptance to the relevant Obligor and the Bond Trustee of each such appointment as process agent;
(xii) any Transaction Security Document duly signed by all parties thereto; and (xiii) any other Finance Documents duly signed by all parties thereto. (b) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may, regarding this Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), waive the requirements for documentation, or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

21/57

6.2 Distribution
Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (b) of Clause 6.1 above.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 {Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the date of these Bond Terms; and

(b) at the Issue Date.

7.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.5 No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

L_9584790JV1 29.01.18 95482-030

22/57
(ii) No other event or circumstance has occurred which constitutes (or with the expiry of any grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports (if any) fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Save in the case of the Issuer, since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. In the case of the Issuer, since the date of its incorporation on 24th October 2017, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
L 9584790 VI 29.01 18 95482-030

23/57
7.11 No withholdings Save for interest payable by the Issuer under the Bonds where the Bonds have not been listed on the Exchange, the Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4.
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.
8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS 8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.
(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.
(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.
L,,9584790_V1 29.01 18 95482-030

24/57
8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Coupon Rate plus an additional two (2) per cent, per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (.Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
8.3 Partial Payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee;
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 15 (Bondholders 'decisions).
8.4 Taxation (a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
Currency (a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the
denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Obligor will, apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.
INTEREST Calculation of interest (a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Coupon Rate on the Nominal
Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.
(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis)..
Payment of interest Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.
L_9584790_V1 29.01 18 95482-030

26/57
10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS 10.1 Redemption of Bonds
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem all (but not only some) of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 103.60 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iii) the Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 101.80 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date (the "Call Notice"). Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

27/57
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholder's holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
The Group's purchase of Bonds The Parent, the Issuer and any other Group Company may purchase Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the sole discretion of such persons, including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable
local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

28/57
shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall procure that the Parent will prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform, including stamdata.no) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Parent will prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform, including stamdata.no) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall procure that the Parent will supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Interim Accounts pursuant to Clause 12.1 (b) (Financial Reports), a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Interim Accounts attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Parent, certifying on behalf of the Issuer inter alia that the Interim Accounts are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.4 (Financial Covenants and Incurrence Test) as at such date.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee, the Parent and the Parent Holdco in writing of any Event of Default or, with respect to the Bond Trustee, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

29/57

(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(d) if the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;

(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and

(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS
The Issuer undertake to comply, and where relevant procure compliance by each person referenced below in this Clause 13 (General and financing Undertakings), with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General andfinancial Undertakings).

13.1 Parent's general undertakings
The Issuer shall ensure that the Parent will (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies other than the Issuer will) comply with the following undertakings:

13.1.1

Authorisations
The Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.

13.1.2

Compliance with laws
The Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.1.3 Continuation o f business
The Parent shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business from that carried on by the Group at the Issue Date.

13.1.4 Mergers and de-mergers
The Parent shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, carry out:

L 9584790 VI 29.01 18 95482-030

30/57

(a) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Parent or any other Group Company (other than the Issuer) with any other person other than with a Group Company; or

(b) any demerger or other corporate reorganisation having the same or equivalent effect as a demerger involving the Parent and any Group Company (other than the Issuer),

if such merger, demerger, combination or reorganisation would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.1.5

Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will (other than the Issuer), incur any additional Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness.

(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not prohibit any Group Company (other than the Issuer) from incurring, maintaining or prolonging any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.1.6

Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its/their assets (whether present or future).

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.

13.1.7

Financial Support
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, be a creditor in respect of any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any person not being a Group Company.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Loan or Permitted Guarantee.

13.1.8

Disposals
The Parent shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (including shares or other securities in any person) or operations (other than to a Group Company), unless such sale, transfer or disposal is carried out in the ordinary course of business or in accordance with the overall strategy of the Group, and would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.1.9

Related party transactions
The Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, conduct all business transactions at market terms and otherwise on an arm's length basis.

L 9584790 VI 29.01 18 95482-030

31/57
13.1.10 Subsidiaries ' distributions Save for obligations under any Financial Indebtedness, the Parent shall not permit any Group Company (other than the Issuer) to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of: (a) any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders;
(b) the Issuer or any Guarantor to service any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer;
(c) any Subsidiary to make any loans to the Parent or Issuer; or (d) any Subsidiary to transfer any of its assets and properties to the Parent or Issuer,
if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with any of its obligations under the Bond Terms.
13.1.11 Distributions (a) The Parent shall not declare or make any Distribution, unless:
(i) the Incurrence Test for the Distribution is met; (ii) Liquidity is not less than USD 35 million, in each case pro-forma post
Distribution to be made; (iii) the Distribution, together with all other Distributions declared or made within
the same financial year, is for an amount that does not exceed 50.0 per cent, of the annual net profit after tax of the Group, based on the audited consolidated annual Financial Report of the Parent for the previous financial year;
(iv) no Event of Default is continuing. (b) The Parent shall ensure that each Group Company only makes Distributions to the
Parent. 13.1.12 Intercreditor Agreement
The Parent shall ensure that: (a) the Parent Holdco neither is nor becomes a member of the "Group" under the
Intercreditor Agreement (as defined therein); and (b) the Parent Holdco or the Issuer neither is nor become an "Obligor" under the
Intercreditor Agreement (as defined therein).
13.1.13 Ownership The Parent shall ensure that:
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

32/57

(a) it is the direct or indirect owner of the entire share capital of the Issuer; and

(b) the Parent Holdco is the direct or indirect owner of the entire share capital of the Parent.

13.2 Issuer's general undertakings
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the Parent Holdco) comply with the following undertakings:

13.2.1

Authorisations
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that Parent Holdco will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.

13.2.2

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that Parent Holdco will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.2.3 Continuation o f business The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to its and the Parent Holdco's general nature of business from that carried on at the Issue Date, and whereby:

(a) the Issuer shall be a special purpose vehicle for the Bond Issue and similar financings; and

(b) the Parent Holdco shall be a holding company.

13.2.4 Mergers and de-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that the Parent Holdco will not, carry out:

(a) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer or the Parent Holdco with any other person; or

(b) any demerger or other corporate reorganisation having the same or equivalent effect as a demerger involving the Issuer or the Parent Holdco,

13.2.5

Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that the Parent Holdco will not, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness.

L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

33/57

(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not apply to:

(i) with respect to the Issuer:

(A) Financial Indebtedness under the Finance Documents;

(B) Financial Indebtedness incurred under loans from the Parent, provided that such Financial Indebtedness is subject to the terms of a subordination agreement between the Issuer, the Bond Trustee (as agent for and on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Parent on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, such terms to include provisions whereby the Financial Indebtedness is fully subordinated to the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents and where no (a) principal may be paid, repaid, re purchased, netted, set off, reduced through the payment of other amounts or settled in kind, (b) no payments of interest, fees, premia or other amounts may be paid to the Parent, and (c) acceleration or declaration of default may not occur, in each case prior to all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents have been repaid in full;

(C) provided that the Incurrence Test is met, Financial Indebtedness incurred under bonds, notes or similar capital market instruments; or

(D) Financial Indebtedness comprised by paragraph (h) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness".

(ii) with respect to the Parent Holdco, Financial Indebtedness incurred under loans from its direct or indirect shareholders, provided that all such Financial Indebtedness at all times:

(A) is documented under deed polls or similar instruments; and

(B) each such deed poll (or similar instrument) contain provisions (either in its original form or by amendments thereto) whereby, upon the occurrence of an insolvency event with respect to the Parent Holdco, the Financial Indebtedness documented in such deed polls or similar instruments shall rank behind the obligations and liabilities of the Parent Holdco under the Transaction Security.

13.2.6

Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that the Parent Holdco will not, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its/their assets (whether present or future).

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Security granted under the Finance Documents, Security comprised by paragraphs (e), (f), (g) and (h) of the definition of

L_9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

34/57
"Permitted Security" or any Security over the shares (and associated rights) in the Parent or any Security assignment by the Issuer of its rights under intra-Group loans.
13.2.7 Financial Support The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that the Parent Holdco will not, be a creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness to or for the benefit of any person not being a Group Company.
13.2.8 Disposals The Issuer shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets (but may make intra Group loans to Group Companies, other than the Parent).
13.2.9 Related party transactions The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Parent Holdco will, conduct all business transactions at market terms and otherwise on an arm's length basis.
13.2.10 Distributions The Issuer shall ensure that the Parent Holdco will not make any Distribution for as long as an Event of Default is continuing.
13.3 Designation of Material Group Companies The Parent shall (i) at the Issue Date and thereafter once every year (simultaneously with the delivery to the Bond Trustee of the Compliance Certificate due in the first quarter of each year pursuant to Clause 12.2 (.Requirements as to Financial Reports) and (ii) upon any acquisition or disposals by a Group Company, nominate as Material Group Companies:
(i) such Group Companies as are necessary to ensure that the Parent and the Material Group Companies in aggregate account for at least 80% of the Group's EBITDA and total assets;
(ii) each Group Company (consolidated in the case of a Group Company which itself has Subsidiaries) whose assets or EBITDA constitutes more than 15% of the Group's assets or EBITDA, based on the EBITDA for the relevant one year period ending on the last day of the most recent Annual Financial Statements,
and ensure that each such Material Group Company no later than 60 days after its nomination provides to the Bond Trustee (i) a duly completed and executed guarantee and indemnity similar to the guarantee and indemnity referred to in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Guarantee" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions) and (ii) with respect to the legal, valid and binding effect of each such guarantee and indemnity, (A) copies of such constitutional documents and corporate resolutions as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably require and (B) such other documents and evidence reasonable requested by the Bond Trustee (including any legal opinions requested by the Bond Trustee), in each case in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably).
L 9584790JV1 29.01.18 95482-030

35/57
13.4 Financial Covenants and Incurrence Test (a) Minimum Liquidity The Parent shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity of minimum USD 15 million on a consolidated basis (the "Financial Covenant"). (b) The Parent undertakes to comply with the above Financial Covenant at all times, such compliance to be measured on 31 December and 30 June each year, and certified by way of a Compliance Certificate, as further set out in Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports).
(c) Incurrence Test The Incurrence Test is met if the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDAX in the period from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, and including, 31 December 2018, is 4x or less;
(ii) 1 January 2019 to, and including, 30 June 2019, is 3.5x or less; (iii) 1 July 2019 to the Maturity Date is 3.Ox or less,
provided that the Incurrence Test for any Distribution is met if the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDAX is 3.0x or less.
The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDAX shall be made as at a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than one month prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test. The calculation shall be made by taking into account the following principles:
(i) Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, and include the drawn commitments under new Financial Indebtedness in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied;
(ii) any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt;
(iii) in respect of any Permitted Distribution any cash to be distributed or contributed in any way shall be deducted when calculating Net Interest Bearing Debt; and
(iv) the figures for EBITDAX for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that;
L 9584790 VI 29 01.18 95482-030

36/57
(i) entities, assets or operations acquired, disposed or discontinued of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and
(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period.
The Incurrence Test is applicable only (a) in anticipation of a Distribution and (b) at the time new Financial Indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of determining whether or not such indebtedness is (i), with respect to the Parent's general undertakings (as set out in Clause 13.1 {Parent's general undertakings)), Permitted Financial Indebtedness under paragraphs (e) and (f) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" and (ii) in respect of the Issuer's general undertakings (as set out in Clause 13.2 {Issuer's general undertakings), is Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
An Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) {Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
L_9584790 V I 29,01.18 95482-030

37/57
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for any Obligor or Material Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) with respect to the Existing Facility:
(A) the Financial Indebtedness under the Existing Facility is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(B) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness under the Existing Facility is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (howsoever described); and
(C) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness under the Existing Facility due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (howsoever described);
(iii) with respect to any other Financial Indebtedness:
(A) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of non-payment or of any person being or becoming Insolvent
(B) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of non-payment or any person being or becoming Insolvent; or
(C) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of non-payment or any person being or becoming Insolvent,
provided however that with respect to the Guarantors (other than Parent Holdco), the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

38/57
Indebtedness falling with paragraphs (i) to (iii) above exceed a total of USD 10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings
Any Obligor:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets, and, only with respect to the Guarantors (other than the Parent Holdco), having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company, however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditor's process
If:
(i) Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer or the Parent and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(ii) Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Guarantors (other than the Parent Holdco) having an
L 9584790 V1 29.01 18 95482-030

39/57
aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) {Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of such Obligor to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 {Bondholders ' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 {Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
L 9584790 V I 29.01 18 95482-030

40/57
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 {Events o f Default) paragraph (a) {Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 {Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50% of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 {Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

41/57
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
L 9584790.VI 29,01.18 95482-030

(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairperson and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may
cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders ' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee.
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

43/57
No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting), Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 15.3 {Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 {Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders 'Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

44/57
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 15.3 ( Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 {Procedurefor arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 {Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders 'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
L_9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030

(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause \5 A(Authority o fBondholders'Meeting).
THE BOND TRUSTEE Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance
Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
L_9584790- V1 29.01.18 95482-030

46/57
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
0 ) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
L 9584790 V 1 29.01.18 95482-030

47/57
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Tmstee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Tmstee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes
L 9 5 8 4 7 9 0 V 1 29.01.18 95482-030

48/57
may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to any Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or any appointed security trustee) in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15 {Bondholders' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

49/57
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 17.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 {Bondholders'decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a security agent shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the security agent is the holder/beneficiary of the relevant Transaction Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 {Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
L 9 5 8 4 7 9 0 V 1 29.01.18 95482-030

50/57
18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
L 9584790V 1 29.01.18 95482-030

51/57
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 {Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 {Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 13 {General andfinancial undertakings)',
and
L 9584790 V I 29.01.18 95482-030

52/57
(B) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or any of their respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
19.4 Service of process (a) Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, the Issuer:
( 0 irrevocably appoints Advokatfirmaet Schjodt AS as its agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings in connection with these Bond Terms; and
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

52/56
(i) irrevocably appoints Advokatfirmaet Schjodt AS as its agent for service ofprocess in relation to any proceedings in connection with these Bond Terms; and
(ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the Issuer of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.
(b) If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service ofprocess, the Issuer must immediately (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee. Failing this, the Bond Trustee may appoint another agent for this purpose.

000.

These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.

SIGNATURES:

The Issuer: Siccar Point Energy Bonds pic

As Bond Trustee: Nordic Trustee AS

By: S>ooG-

Position: 0 1

V.

By: Position:

L 9584790_V1 29,01.18 95482-030

53/57
(ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the Issuer of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.
(b) If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service of process, the Issuer must immediately (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee. Failing this, the Bond Trustee may appoint another agent for this purpose.

000

These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.

SIGNATURES:

The Issuer: Siccar Point Energy Bonds pic

As Bond Trustee:

Non"

' `"

By: Position:

By: Position:

L 9584790 Vl 29 01 18 95482-030

54/57
SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
[date] Siccar Point Energy Bonds pic 9.00 per cent. Senior Unsecured Callable bonds 2018/2023 - ISIN N00010815053 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2 of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Reports to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [**]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (.Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Annual Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. [The Financial Covenants set out in Clause 13.4 (.Financial Covenants and Incurrence Test) are met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.] We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, NX
For and on behalfo f Siccar Point Energy Bonds pic, Name o f authorisedperson Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and
L 9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

55/57
any other written documentation]
L_9584790_V1 29.01.18 95482-030

SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF GUARANTEES
Part I [attached as a separate document]

Part II
[a tta c h e d as a se p a ra te d o c u m e n t]

57/57

L 9584790 VI 29,01.18 95482-030

