L_9242761_V2 15.10.17 112653-014
BOND TERMS
FOR
Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V. FRN 8.50 % Senior Secured EUR 87,000,000 Callable Bond Issue 2017/2022 ISIN 001080823.1
L,,9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION..................................................................................................................3

2. THE BONDS............................................................................................................................. 18

3. THE BONDHOLDERS........................................................................................................... 20

4. ADMISSION TO LISTIN G ................................................................................................... 21

5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS..................................................................................... 21

6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEM ENT..............................................................................21

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES..................................................................,,24

8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS..............................................

25

9. IN TER EST......................

27

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF B O N D S........................................................ 28

11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF B O N D S................................................................... 30

12. GUARANTEE...........................................................................................................................31

13. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS........................................................

35

14. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS.......................................................... 36

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS............................44

16. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS...........................................................................................48

17. THE BOND T R U ST EE.......................................................................................................... 52

18. AMENDMENTS AND W A IV ERS.................................................................................... 57

19. MISCELLANEOUS.................................................................................................................57

20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION...................................................................... 60

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE...........................................................................63 SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW A C C O U N T...................................................64

3/65

BOND TERMS

ISSUER:

Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V. (a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated in the Netherlands with trade register number 63654954).

GUARANTORS:

Tulip Oil Netherlands B.V. (a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated in the Netherlands with trade register number 37117836) (the "Parent"),

and

Tulip Oil Holding B.V. (a private company with limited liability (ibesloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated in the Netherlands with trade register number 50297023) (the "Ultimate Parent").

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624.

DATED:

24 October 2017

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
The following terms will have the following meanings: "Account Bank" means: (a) a reputable Norwegian bank; or (b) any international bank with at least A- rating from S&P Global Ratings or Fitch
Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited, in each case selected by the Issuer. "Accounts" means: (a) the Escrow Account; (b) the Debt Service Retention Account; and

L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

4/65
(c) the Pledged Account(s), maintained with an Account Bank.
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any specified person:
(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of the specified person;
(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over the specified person (directly or indirectly); and
(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over the specified person.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated (in respect of the Parent and the Issuer) and consolidated (in respect of the Ultimate Parent) annual financial statements for any financial year, prepared in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.
"Approved Accounting Principles" means the generally accepted accounting principles in the Netherlands (including, if relevant for a Group Company, IFRS).
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Authorisation" means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation or registration.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments hereto which shall form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Borrowings" means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding principal, capital or nominal amount of the Issuer's Financial Indebtedness excluding:
LJ)251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

5/65
(a) any liabilities of the type referred to in paragraph (g) of the definition of Financial Indebtedness (provided that any amount of Financial Indebtedness will be stated so as to take into account the hedging effect of currency hedging entered into in respect thereof); and
(b) any Subordinated Loan.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and which is a TARGET Day.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day {Modified Following).
"Calculation Date" means 30 June and 30 December of each year.
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 {Voluntary Redemption -- Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cash" means at any time, cash in hand or at bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of the Issuer.
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means, in respect of the Issuer, investments or holdings which are classified as cash equivalents under the Approved Accounting Principles.
"Change of Control Event" means if any person (other than the Sponsor) or group of persons acting in concert obtains, through the ownership of shares or interests in the Ultimate Parent, a majority of the voting rights or shares in the Ultimate Parent.
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1 hereto.
"Corresponding Debt" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.11
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being VPS ASA.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having:
(a) as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(i) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
L 9251369. V5 24.10.17 112653-014

6/65
(ii) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person; or
(b) control over another person by that other person, whether by agreement or otherwise, being accustomed or obliged to act in accordance with their directions,
and (in each case), when determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Debt Service Retention Account" means an account opened as a client account on behalf of the Issuer, held with the Escrow Manager with a reputable Norwegian bank, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Debt Service Retention Account Pledge" means a Norwegian law security assignment over the Debt Service Retention Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 15.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" means any dividend payment, repurchase, redemption or retirement of shares, making of any loans or other equity or capital distributions or payments (including group contributions) to direct or indirect shareholders (including servicing of shareholder loans), whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect.
"Distribution Threshold" means, with respect to any Distribution Transaction, a threshold equal to the sum of:
(a) an amount of EUR 10,000,000 during the term of the Bonds in as far as the same funds an Initial Distribution Transaction; plus
(b) after the occurrence of the First Compliance Certificate Date, an amount equal to 50.00 per cent, of the Issuer's profit after tax of the preceding calendar year, and when determining whether that threshold amount has been or will be exceeded with respect to any Distribution Transaction to be made or declared in that calendar year the aggregate amount of all Distribution Transactions made or declared in that calendar year shall be added to the amount of the Distribution Transaction for which the calculation is made.
L_9251369_V5 24.10 17 112653-014

7/65
"Distribution Transaction" means any Financial Support by the Issuer, any Distribution made by the Issuer or any payment under a Subordinated Loan by the Issuer.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Issuer's earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation, value adjustments and amortisation of goodwill and capital gains/losses for that Relevant Period:
(a) excluding any items (positive or negative) of a one off, non-recurring, non-operational, extraordinary, unusual or exceptional nature;
(b) after adding back any losses to the extent covered by any insurance and (to the extent not already included) the proceeds of any business interruption insurance; and
(c) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis).
"Equity Ratio" means a ratio, expressed as a percentage, of the Total Equity to Total Assets.
"Escrow Account" means an account opened as a client account on behalf of the Issuer held with the Escrow Manager, with a reputable Norwegian bank, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Manager" means NT Services AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 916 482 574 and an Affiliate of the Bond Trustee.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 15.1 (Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means Oslo Bors.
"Finance Charges" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by the Issuer, without taking into account any capitalised interest in respect of any Subordinated Loan, or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, any Transaction Security Document, any subordination agreement with respect to any Subordinated Loan, the Bond Trustee Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
L_925I369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

8/65
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles (as at the Issue Date), be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to, granting of Security securing the obligations of a third party).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date in April 2020.
"First Gas Date" means the date on which the Project has achieved 30 consecutive days of gas production in commercial quantities.
"First Compliance Date" means any Calculation Date determined by the Issuer by submitting a Compliance Certificate testing the Equity Ratio, the Leverage Ratio and Interest Cover Ratio as at that Calculation Date and confirming that the same is satisfied.
"First Compliance Certificate Date" means the date on which the Issuer, by submitting a Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee, has confirmed that the Issuer is in compliance with the Equity Ratio, the Leverage Ratio and the Interest Cover Ratio.
"Government Bond Rate" means the comparable euro area yield for AAA-rated euro area central government bonds published by the European Central Bank on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to Clause 10.2(c).
L_9251369^V5 24,10.17 112653-014

9/65
"Group" means the Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means the guarantee and indemnity granted pursuant to Clause 12 (Guarantee) and any other guarantee given by a Guarantor in relation to the Finance Documents.
"Guarantor" means each of the Parent and the Ultimate Parent.
"Hydrocarbon Asset" means, from time to time, each hydrocarbon licence and block in which the Issuer holds an ownership interest (either directly or through interests in a legal entity or a production sharing contract or similar) (including the Project Licence).
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Initial Distribution Transaction" means Distribution Transactions to the Parent and/or the Ultimate Parent in an aggregate amount of up to EUR 10,000,000.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Regulation (EU) no. 2015/848 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Interest Cover Ratio" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 25 January 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 25 October, 25 January, 25 April and 25 July each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
L 9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

10/65
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated (in respect of the Parent and the Issuer) and consolidated (in respect of the Ultimate Parent) semi-annual financial statements for the semi-annual period ending on a Calculation Date prepared in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 25 October 2017.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by an Obligor or any Affiliate of an Obligor.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means a Dutch law governed share pledge over all of the shares in the Issuer, granted by the Parent in favour of the Bond Trustee on first priority, as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents.
"Leverage Ratio" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the ratio of Total Net Debt on the last day of that Relevant Period to EBITDA in respect of that Relevant Period.
"Liquidity" means at any time, the aggregate book value of:
(a) the Issuer's freely available and unrestricted cash in hand and cash deposited on the Pledged Accounts (excluding the Minor Disposal Proceeds Account); and
(b) the Issuer's monetary claims (excluding overdue claims) which fall due for payment within the next 45 days and which did not have an original invoice period longer than 45 days against:
(i) the Dutch government or any body of the Dutch government;
(ii) any company or entity wholly owned by the Dutch government or any body of the Dutch government; or
(iii) any company or entity having a minimum A- rating from S&P Global Ratings or Fitch Ratings Ltd or A3 rating from Moody's Investors Services Limited.
"Listing Failure Event" means:
(a) that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on the Exchange within twelve (12) months following the Issue Date, or
L_9251369_V5 24,10,17 112653-014

11/65
(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of six (6) months has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on the Exchange.
"Major Disposal Event" means that:
(a) the Ultimate Parent ceases to own and control 100 per cent, of the shares and/or voting rights in the Parent;
(b) the Parent ceases to own and control more than 50 per cent, of the shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer; or
(c) the Issuer ceases to hold an ownership/working interest in the Project Licence of at least 50 per cent.
"Major Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Project Licence (including related assets such as production units, installations and infrastructure).
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 105 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to and including the First Call Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation), provided that if such bond rate is negative it will be set to zero, and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall equal the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin (however so that the interest rate can never fall below the Margin).
"Manager" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Munkedamsveien 45, 0250 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means:
(a) a Major Disposal Event;
(b) a Minor Disposal Event; or
(c) a Major Total Loss Event.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event Date" means the settlement date for an early redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event determined pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event).
L 9251369JV5 24.10.17 112653-014

12/65
"Margin" means 8.50 per cent.
"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the ability of any Obligor to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 25 October 2022, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mid-Swap Rate" means the linearly interpolated Reference Rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period on the day falling two (2) Business Days before the notification to the Bondholders of the Make Whole Amount pursuant to Clause 10.2(c), or, if such is not quoted, the mid-swap rate for the leading banks in the relevant interbank market, based on the last quoted Reference Rate or mid-swap rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period. If any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Minor Disposal Event" means that:
(a) the Parent ceases to own and control 100 per cent, of the shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer;
(b) the Issuer ceases to hold an ownership/working interest in the Project Licence of 60 per cent, but not less than 50 per cent; or
(c) any reduction of the Issuer's (direct or indirect) ownership/working interest in any future Hydrocarbon Asset(s).
"Minor Disposal Proceeds Account" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 10.4(b) (Early redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event).
"Net Finance Charges" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Finance Charges after deducting any interest income relating to Cash (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Subordinated Loans).
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f Bonds).
"Obligor" means the Issuer and each Guarantor.
L 9251369 V5 24 10.17 112653-014

13/65
"Omnibus Pledge" means a Dutch law governed omnibus pledge, granted by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee on first priority, as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents, comprising:
(a) a receivables pledge of all of the Issuer's monetary claims under or with respect to any insurances required to be taken out hereunder;
(b) a receivables pledge over each of the Issuer's existing bank accounts held with Dutch banks (except for the Escrow Account and the Debt Service Retention Account) and the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer on such bank accounts;
(c) a receivables pledge over earnings from the sale of hydrocarbon produce under offtake agreements or gas and/or oil sale agreements; and
(d) a receivables pledge over monetary claims under or with respect to any loans granted by the Issuer to another Group Company.
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parallel Debt" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.11.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Account Bank Security" any Security entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements over Dutch bank accounts in favour of the account holding bank and granted as part of that financial institution's standard terms and conditions, including without limitation, under general terms and conditions of banks, provided, in each case, that such Security only secures obligations and liabilities for which the Issuer is the principal debtor (and which shall not include guarantees or indemnities for the obligations or liabilities of others).
"Permitted Farm-out" means a farm-out of any Hydrocarbon Assets held by the Issuer, other than the Project Licence for the Q07 block, against a consideration to carry costs of further development of such Hydrocarbon Asset or cash (or a combination thereof), provided that any such transaction does not impair or reduce the Issuer's ownership interests in or economic benefits from the Q07 block.
"Permitted Hedging" means non-speculalive hedging of currency and commodity risks, provided that the hedging counterparty is not the Account Bank for any Pledged Account on
L 9 2 5 1 3 6 9 V 5 24.10.17 112653-014

14/65
which funds are deposited or, if it is, that the Account Bank has waived all security interest over and rights or set-off against the relevant Pledged Account.
"Pledged Accounts" means each bank account held in the name of the Issuer from time to time (other than the Escrow Account and the Debt Service Retention Account).
"Project" means, with respect to the Project Licence, the development, construction, completion and operation (as operator) of fully operational and commercial gas production and transport facilities and associated infrastructure, including (if relevant) onshore gas treatment facilities.
"Project Documents" means, with respect to the Project Licence:
(a) each joint operating agreement and/or unitization and unit operating agreement;
(b) each agreement related to the transportation, processing and/or storage of production;
(c) each agreement for the sale or marketing of production;
(d) each agreement (other than the agreements set forth in paragraphs (a) to (c) above) related thereto, including any decommissioning security agreement, any tariff and offtake agreement, pipeline transmission agreement, drilling agreement, equipment supply agreement, installation and/or supply contract or maintenance and management agreement;
(e) any authorization required for the lawful construction, exploitation, development or operation of the Project Licence or the production, transportation or sale of production therefrom;
(f) any development plan with all required approvals from any relevant operating committee and any relevant governmental or other regulatory authority relating to the Project Licence;
(g) each present and future contract or policy of insurance in respect of the Project License in which the Issuer has or may from time to time have an interest; and
(h) any other document designated as such by the Issuer and the Bond Tmstee.
"Project Licence" means the hydrocarbon production licence relating to block Q07 and block Q10a on the Dutch Continental Shelf
"Project Proceeds" means any income, payments, earnings or receivables of any kind (including any payments with respect to tax, tax refunds or tax credits and insurance proceeds in respect of physical losses (excluding any insurance proceeds relating to third party losses or losses incurred in respect of environmental incidents and where such insurance proceeds are paid directly to third parties)) received by the Issuer and directly or indirectly deriving from or related to the Project or any Hydrocarbon Asset(s)) (including proceeds from sale of any ownership interest in any Hydrocarbon Asset(s)).
L 9251369 V5 24.10,17 112653-014

15/65
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Listing Failure Event or a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Reference Rate" shall mean EURJBOR (European Interbank Offered Rate) being (i) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOROl (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; (ii) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by banks reasonably selected by the Bond Tmstee, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or (iii) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (ii), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant Interest Period; and in each case, if any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means a rolling twelve (12) month period ending on a Calculation Date.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Remaining Funds" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 10.4 (b) (ii).

16/65
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date, any Mandatory Prepayment Event Date or the Maturity Date.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Obligors under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Sponsor" means Northwharf Nominees Ltd.
"Subordinated Loan" means debt financing that:
(a) is provided to the Issuer by the Parent; and
(b) is subject to the terms of a subordination agreement between the Issuer, the Bond Trustee (as agent for and on behalf of the Bondholders) and the Parent on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, such terms to include provisions whereby:
(i) the Subordinated Loan is fully subordinated to the Issuer's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents;
(ii) no payment, repayment, prepayment or other settlement (including by set-off or in kind) may be made on or by reference to any principal, interest, fee or premium outstanding in relation to the Subordinated Loan, unless such payment:
1. is made when no Event of Default is continuing; and
2. will not cause the Distribution Threshold to be exceeded.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
L_9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

17/65
"TARGET Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system is open for the settlement of payments in euro.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"TOH Intra-Group Loan Pledge Agreement" means a Dutch law governed receivables pledge over all intra-Group loans made by the Ultimate Parent to the Parent, granted by the Ultimate Parent in favour of the Bond Trustee on first priority, as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents.
"TON Share Pledge" means a Dutch law governed share pledge over all of the shares in the Parent, granted by the Ultimate Parent in favour of the Bond Trustee on first priority, as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents.
"TON Subordinated Loans Pledge Agreement" means a Dutch law governed receivables pledge over all Subordinated Loans made by the Parent to the Issuer, granted by the Parent in favour of the Bond Trustee on first priority, as security for the Obligor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents.
"Total Assets" means, at the relevant Calculation Date, the aggregate book value of the Issuer's assets, which in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles, shall be included as assets in the Issuer's balance sheet.
"Total Equity" means, at the relevant Calculation Date, the aggregate amount of the Total Assets less the Total Liabilities.
"Total Liabilities" means, at the relevant Calculation Date, the aggregate amount of the Issuer's long-term and short term debt and such other liabilities, which in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles, shall be included as liabilities in the Issuer's balance sheet.
"Total Net Debt" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all obligations of the Issuer for or in respect of Borrowings at that time (without double counting):
(a) including, in the case of finance leases, only the capitalised value thereof; and
(b) after deducting the aggregate amount of Cash and Cash Equivalent Investments.
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge, all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) and all other documents expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Obligors' obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

18/65

"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.5 ( Written Resolutions).

1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;

(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;

(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds).

(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of up to EUR 87,000,000.

(b) The Bonds are denominated in Euro (EUR), being the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is EUR 100,000.

L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

19/65
(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 001080823.1. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.
2.2 Tenor of the Bonds The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
2.3 Use of proceeds The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs, fees payable to the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) to fund:
(i) the Debt Service Retention Account with an amount of EUR 11,092,500; (ii) the Initial Distribution Transactions;
(iii) the Project; and
(iv) the general corporate purposes of the Issuer.
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds and each other payment obligation under or in relation to the Finance Documents will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer and each relevant Obligor. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with the claims of the Obligors' other unsubordinated creditors (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent with its intended priority within the times agreed in Clause 6 ('Conditionsfor disbursement)'.
(i) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(ii) the Debt Service Retention Account Pledge;
(iii) the TON Share Pledge;
(iv) the Issuer Share Pledge;
(v) the TOH Intra-Group Loan Pledge Agreement; (vi) the TON Subordinated Loans Pledge;
(vii) the Omnibus Pledge; and
L 9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

20/65

(viii) the guarantee and indemnity contained in Clause 12 (Guarantee) of these Bond Terms.

(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.

(c) The Security over the Pledged Accounts shall constitute at least second priority Security behind any Permitted Account Bank Security, and the other Transaction Security shall constitute first priority Security.

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 {Bondholders'

L,,9251369,V5 24,10,17 112653-014

21/65

rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall procure that the Bonds are listed on the Exchange within twelve (12) months of the Issue Date and remain listed on an Exchange until the Bonds have been redeemed or exchanged in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD
The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer

(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds into the Escrow Account shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;

(ii) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

(iii) the Bond Trustee Agreement duly signed by all parties thereto;

(iv) certified copies of necessary corporate resolutions of each Obligor approving the terms of and the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents and resolving that it shall execute, deliver and perform such Finance Documents;

(v) certified copies of necessary powers of attorney of each Obligor;

(vi) certified copies of the trade register extract, deed of incorporation and articles of association of each Obligor;

L 9251369JV5 24.10.17 112653-014

22/65
(vii) copies of (A) the Ultimate Parent's latest consolidated financial statements and interim accounts (if relevant) and (B) each of the Parent's and the Issuer's latest (not consolidated) financial statement and interim accounts (if relevant);
(viii) evidence that the Escrow Account has been established;
(ix) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank(s) and other counterparties, as applicable);
(x) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;
(xi) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;
(xii) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;
(xiii) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Bond Terms and the Escrow Account Pledge having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and
(xiv) any other document, evidence or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.
(b) The net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds will not be disbursed to the Issuer unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) a duly executed Escrow Account Release Notice;
(ii) evidence that the Debt Service Retention Account and at least one Pledged Account has been established;
(iii) confirmation from the Issuer that it has no Financial Indebtedness, Security or Financial Support (other than that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents);
(iv) all remaining Transaction Security Documents being executed by the parties thereto;
(v) evidence that all remaining Transaction Security Documents have been perfected with their intended priority and that all relevant notices and acknowledgements from third parties have been received;
L.9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

23/65
(vi) a duly executed subordination agreement for any existing loan from the Parent to the Issuer;
(vii) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Transaction Security Documents and any other Finance Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and
(viii) any other document, evidence or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.
(c) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the requirements for documentation set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
6.2 Distribution Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedent fo r disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph 6.1(c) above.
6.3 Releases from the Escrow Account (a) Releases from the Escrow Account shall be made by issuing release notices to the Account Bank and the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer). Each release notice shall be in the form attached hereto as Schedule 2 (the "Escrow Account Release Notice"), and shall specify the amount and purpose of the proposed drawdown by referring to the relevant paragraph of Clause 2.3 {Use o f proceeds), and include a statement that no Event of Default is continuing or will occur as a consequence of the release.
(b) Funds to be released pursuant to the first Escrow Account Release Notice (the "First Escrow Account Release") shall be applied as set out in paragraph (i) of Clause 2.3 {Use o f proceeds) and shall be paid directly from the Escrow Account to the Debt Service Reserve Account.
(c) Funds to be released pursuant to subsequent Escrow Account Release Notices (the "Subsequent Escrow Account Releases") shall be applied as set out in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) of Clause 2.3 {Use o f proceeds) and, for such purpose, shall be transferred directly from the Escrow Account to a Pledged Account.
(d) Subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), the Issuer may withdraw funds from the Escrow Account in any number of advances according to the following release schedule (where "FID Date" means the date on which each of the Issuer and EBN B.V. (and, if
L 9251369V 5 24.10.17 112653-014

relevant, any other licence partner in the Project Licence) have made a final investment decision to proceed with the Project):

P e r io d :
Issue D ate to the F ID D ate : F rom the FID D ate to 31 D ecem ber 2017: F rom 1 January 2018 to 31 M ay 2018: From 1 June 2018:

M axim u m cum ulative am ount (excluding the am ount paid into the D ebt
Service R eserve A ccount) E U R 12,000,000 E U R 25,000,000 E U R 45,000,000
T he full balance on the E scrow A ccount

provided that any Escrow Account Release Notice which is:
(i) by reference to paragraph (ii) of Clause 2.3 {Use o fproceeds) and for an amount that taken together with any previous releases by reference to paragraph (ii) of Clause 2.3 {Use o fproceeds) in aggregate exceeds EUR 5,000,000; and
(ii) for an amount that when taken together with any previous releases from the Escrow Account exceeds EUR 12,000,000 (excluding any amounts paid into the Debt Service Retention Account),
shall include a confirmation from the Issuer that the FID Date has occurred.
(e) In relation to any release from the Escrow Account, no verification of supporting documents is required by the Bond Trustee.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 {Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:
(a) at the execution date of the relevant Finance Document;
(b) at the Issue Date; and
(c) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account.
Information All information which has been presented to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds is, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable measures to ensure the same:
(a) true and accurate in all material respects as at the date the relevant information is expressed to be given; and

L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

25/65

(b) does not omit any material information likely to affect the accuracy of the information as regards the evaluation of the Bonds in any material respects unless subsequently disclosed to the Bond Trustee in writing or otherwise made publicly known.

7.2 No Event of Default
No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the issuance of the Bonds or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, these Bond Terms or the other Finance Documents.

7.3 Transaction Security
The entry into of the Transaction Security Documents and the granting of the Transaction Security do not and will not conflict with:

(a) any law or regulation applicable to it or any other Obligor;

(b) its constitutional documents or those of any other Obligor; or

(c) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any other Obligor,

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

L 9251369 V5 2d.10.17 112653-014

26/65
8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent, per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 {Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
8.3 Partial payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of any principal amount due but unpaid.
(c) A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
8.4 Taxation (a) Each Obligor is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Obligors shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from the it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

27/65
(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
8.5 Currency (a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
(b) Any specific payment instmctions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
8.6 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.
9. INTEREST 9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.
(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.
(c) Any interpolation of the interest rate will be quoted with the number of decimals corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate.
9.2 Payment of Interest Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.
L_9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

28/65
10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS 10.1 Redemption of Bonds
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may (in whole or in part) redeem the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date, at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2020 at a price equal to 105 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iii) Interest Payment Date in October 2020 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2021 at a price equal to 104 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iv) Interest Payment Date in April 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2021 at a price equal to 103 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(v) Interest Payment Date in October 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2022 at a price equal to 102 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(vi) the Interest Payment Date in April 2022 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond,
in each case plus accrued unpaid Interest on the redeemed Bonds.
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than 20, Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date and may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
L.9251369.V 5 24.10.17 112653-014

29/65
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
(e) All Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Clause 10.2 shall be cancelled.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 13.2 {Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event (a) The Issuer shall:
(i) upon the occurrence of a Major Disposal Event, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a redemption price as set out under Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) (with the redemption price to be based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred) (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds);
(ii) upon the occurrence of a Minor Disposal Event, not later than 30 calendar days following such event, redeem Outstanding Bonds at a redemption price as set out under Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) (with the redemption price to be based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred) (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds) with an amount equal to the net proceeds received by the Issuer (after deduction of taxes and transaction fees, costs and expenses) from such Minor Disposal Event (the "Minor Disposal Event Proceeds"); and
L 9251369 V5 24,10.17 112653-014

30/65
(iii) upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds (if any) are available to it, but in any event no later than 120 calendar days following the Total Loss Event, redeem all Outstanding Bonds at a redemption price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount (with the redemption price to be based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred) (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(b) With respect to redemption under (a)(ii) above, the Issuer may elect, by notice to the Bond Trustee no later than ten (10) days after the occurrence of the Minor Disposal Event, to, instead of redeeming Bonds, promptly transfer or, as applicable, procure the transfer by the Parent (which shall be a Subordinated Loan) the Minor Disposal Event Proceeds to a bank account (the "Minor Disposal Proceeds Account") pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee, following which:
(i) funds from the Minor Disposal Proceeds Account will only be released to the Issuer upon the Issuer's written release request to the Bond Trustee stating and confirming that the Issuer will use those funds immediately after release to either (1) acquire new Hydrocarbon Assets (or interests therein) or (2) cover capital expenditure on any Hydrocarbon Assets; and
(ii) if any funds (the "Remaining Funds") have not been reinvested as set out in (b)(i) above within nine (9) months after the occurrence of the relevant Minor Disposal Event, the Issuer shall redeem Bonds in an amount equal to the Remaining Funds at a redemption price equal to the redemption price that would otherwise have applied if the Issuer had not elected to transfer the Minor Disposal Event Proceeds to the Minor Disposal Proceeds Account, and such redemption shall occur no later than ten (10) months after the occurrence of the relevant Minor Disposal Event.
Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 20 Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
L 9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

31/65
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. GUARANTEE
12.1 Guarantee and indemnity (a) Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally jointly and severally:
(i) guarantees to the Bond Trustee punctual performance by each Obligor of all that Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents;
(ii) undertakes with the Bond Trustee that whenever an Obligor does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Guarantor shall immediately on demand (Nw. selvskyldnergaranti) pay that amount; and
(iii) agrees with the Bond Trustee that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify the Bond Trustee immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability it incurs as a result of an Obligor not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by it under any Finance Document on the date when it would have been due. The amount payable by the Guarantor under this indemnity will not exceed the amount it would have had to pay under this Clause 12 (Guarantee) if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guarantee.
12.2 Continuing guarantee
This guarantee is a continuing guarantee and will extend to the ultimate balance of sums payable by the Obligors under the Finance Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.
12.3 Reinstatement If any discharge, release or arrangement (whether in respect of the obligations of an Obligor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) is made by the Bond Trustee in whole or in part on the basis of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored in insolvency, liquidation, administration or otherwise, without limitation, then the liability of each Guarantor under this Clause 12 (Guarantee) will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge, release or arrangement had not occurred.
L_9251369_V5 24.10,17 112653-014

32/65
12.4 Waiver of defences The obligations of each Guarantor under this Clause 12 (Guarantee) will not be affected by an act, omission, matter or thing which, but for this Clause 12 (Guarantee), would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Clause 12 (Guarantee) (without limitation and whether or not known to it, the Bond Trustee or any Bondholder) including:
(i) any time, waiver or consent granted to, or composition with, any Obligor or other person;
(ii) the release of any other Obligor or any other person under the terms of any composition or arrangement with any creditor of any member of the Group;
(iii) the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any Obligor or other person or any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realise the full value of any security;
(iv) any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of an Obligor or any other person;
(v) any amendment, novation, supplement, extension, restatement (however fundamental and whether or not more onerous) or replacement of any Finance Document or any other document or security including without limitation any change in the purpose of, any extension of or any increase under any Finance Document or other document or security;
(vi) any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any obligation of any person under any Finance Document or any other document or security; or
(vii) any insolvency or similar proceedings.
12.5 Guarantor Intent Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 12.4 (Waiver of defences), each Guarantor expressly confirms that it intends that this guarantee shall extend from time to time to any (however fundamental) variation, increase, extension or addition of or to any of the Finance Documents and/or any amount made available under any of the Finance Documents for the purposes of or in connection with any of the following: business acquisitions of any nature; increasing working capital; enabling investor distributions to be made; carrying out restructurings; refinancing existing facilities; refinancing any other indebtedness; any other variation or extension of the purposes for which any such amount might be made available from time to time; and any fees, costs and/or expenses associated with any of the foregoing.

33/65
12.6 Immediate recourse Each Guarantor waives any right it may have of first requiring the Bond Trustee to proceed against or enforce any other rights or security or claim payment from any person before claiming from that Guarantor under this Clause 12 {Guarantee). This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Finance Document to the contrary.
12.7 Appropriations Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been irrevocably paid in full, the Bond Trustee may:
(i) refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security or rights held or received by the Bond Trustee in respect of those amounts, or apply and enforce the same in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise) and the Guarantor shall not be entitled to the benefit of the same; and
(ii) hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from the Guarantor or on account of the Guarantor's liability under this Clause 12 (Guarantee).
12.8 Deferral of Guarantors' rights Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have been irrevocably paid in full and unless the Bond Trustee otherwise directs, no Guarantor will exercise any rights which it may have by reason of performance by it of its obligations under the Finance Documents or by reason of any amount being payable, or liability arising, under this Clause 12 {Guarantee)'.
(i) to be indemnified by a Obligor;
(ii) to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of any Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents;
(iii) to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of subrogation or otherwise) of any rights of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents or of any other guarantee or security taken pursuant to, or in connection with, the Finance Documents by the Bond Trustee;
(iv) to bring legal or other proceedings for an order requiring any Obligor to make any payment, or perform any obligation, in respect of which the Guarantor has given a guarantee, undertaking or indemnity under Clause 12.1 {Guarantee and indemnity)-,
(v) to exercise any right of set-off against any Obligor; and/or
(vi) to claim or prove as a creditor of any Obligor in competition with the Bond Trustee.
L_9251369 V5 24.10,17 112653-014

34/65

12.9 12.10 12.11

If a Guarantor receives any benefit, payment or distribution in relation to such rights it shall hold that benefit, payment or distribution to the extent necessary to enable all amounts which may be or become payable to the Bond Trustee by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents to be repaid in full on trust for the Bond Trustee and shall promptly pay or transfer the same to the Bond Trustee or as the Bond Trustee may direct for application in accordance with the Bond Terms.
Guarantee Limitations
Notwithstanding the obligations of the Guarantors pursuant to this guarantee, the maximum guarantee liability of each Guarantor hereunder shall always be limited to EUR 100,000,000 plus any interest, default interest or other costs, fees and expenses related to the liability of that Guarantor hereunder.
Norwegian Financial Agreements Act
If, and to the extent, the Norwegian Financial Agreements Act of 25 June 1999 no. 46 (the "FA Act") is applicable to these Bond Terms, each Guarantor waives all its rights under the provisions of the FA Act (not being mandatory provisions), including (without limitation) the rights set out in Sections 62 through 74 of the FA Act.
Parallel Debt (Covenant to Pay the Security Agent)
(a) In respect of ensuring the validity and enforceability of any Transaction Security Document governed by the law of The Netherlands, each Obligor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Security Agent as a creditor in its own right and not as a representative of the other Bondholders (by way of an abstract acknowledgment of debt) amounts equal to any amounts owing from time to time by that Obligor to the Bond Trustee, the Security Agent and/or any Bondholder under any Finance Document as and when those amounts are due for payment under the relevant Finance Document.

(b) Each Obligor and the Security Agent acknowledge that the obligations of an Obligor under paragraph (a) above are several and are separate and independent from, and shall not in any way limit or affect, the corresponding obligations of any Obligor to the Bond Trustee, the Security Agent and/or any Bondholder under any Finance Document (its "Corresponding Debt") nor shall the amounts for which an Obligor is liable under paragraph (a) (its "Parallel Debt") be limited or affected in any way by its Corresponding Debt provided that:

(i) the Parallel Debt of an Obligor shall be decreased to the extent that its Corresponding Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged;

(ii) the Corresponding Debt of an Obligor shall be decreased to the extent that its Parallel Debt has been irrevocably paid or (in the case of guarantee obligations) discharged; and

(iii) the amount of the Parallel Debt of an Obligor shall at all times be equal to the amount of its Corresponding Debt.

L 9 251369V 5 24,10,17 112653-014

35/65
(c) For the purpose of this Clause 12.11 the Security Agent acts in its own name and not as a trustee, and its claims in respect of the Parallel Debt shall not be held on trust. Any security rights granted under any Finance Document to the Security Agent to secure the Parallel Debt are granted to the Security Agent in its capacity as creditor of the Parallel Debt and shall not be held on trust.
(d) All monies received or recovered by the Security Agent pursuant to this Clause 12.11, and all amounts received or recovered by the Security Agent from or by the enforcement of any security rights granted to secure the Parallel Debt, shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the Bond Terms as if such amount were received or recovered by it in payment of the Corresponding Obligation to which such Parallel Debt corresponds.
(e) Without limiting or affecting the Security Agent's rights against any Obligor (whether under this Clause 12.11 or under any other provision of the Finance Documents), each Obligor acknowledges that:
(f) nothing in this Clause 12.11 shall impose any obligation on the Security Agent to advance any sum to any Obligor or otherwise under any Finance Document; and
(g) for the purpose of any vote taken under any Finance Document, the Security Agent shall not be regarded as having any participation or commitment.
13. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 13.1 Financial Reports
(a) Each Obligor will prepare Annual Financial Statements and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than four (4) months after the end of the financial year for the Issuer and not later than six (6) months after the end of the financial year for each of the Ultimate Parent and the Parent.
(b) Each Obligor will, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than on 31 August (for the first six (6) month period) for the Issuer and not later than 31 October for each of the Ultimate Parent and the Parent (for the first six (6) month period) and not later than the last day of February (for the second six (6) month period) for the Issuer and 30 April (for the second six (6) month period) for each of the Ultimate Parent and the Parent.
(c) The Issuer shall, together with the publication of each of its Annual Financial Statements and Interim Accounts, provide to the Bond Trustee a compliance certificate signed by the chief financial officer of each of the Ultimate Parent and the Issuer, certifying that each of the Annual Financial Statements and Interim Accounts are fairly representing the financial condition of the relevant Obligor and setting out, in reasonable detail, computations evidencing compliance with the financial covenants set out in Clause 14.22 (Financial covenants) below.
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

36/65
13.2 Put Option Event and Mandatory Prepayment Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event or a Mandatory Prepayment Event has occurred.
13.3 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it);
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications to the creditors of each Obligor, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on the Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if any Obligor and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD;
(g) promptly notify the Bond Trustee of the occurrence of the First Gas Date; and
(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about each Obligor's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
14. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders' Meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) ensure compliance with the following general undertakings:
The Issuer's general andfinancial undertakings
14.1 Authorisations The Issuer shall procure that it will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any Authorisation required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of the Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
L.9251369 V5 24,10,17 112653-014

37/65
14.2 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall procure that it will comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.3 Mergers and de-mergers The Issuer shall not carry out:
(a) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other person; or
(b) any demerger or other corporate reorganisation having the same or equivalent effect as a demerger involving the Issuer.
14.4 Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not incur or maintain any Financial Indebtedness, other than:
(a) Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Finance Documents; (b) any Financial Indebtedness incurred under a Subordinated Loan;
(c) any finance lease or hire purchase contract, provided that the aggregate capital element outstanding thereunder does not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000;
(d) any Financial Indebtedness under any Permitted Hedging; and
(e) any Financial Indebtedness not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate shall not exceed EUR 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
14.5 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any Security over any of its assets, other than:
(a) Security granted under the Finance Documents;
(b) any Security arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business, including, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of the existence or establishment of a fiscal unity (fiscal eenheid) for Dutch corporate income tax or value added tax purposes, of which the Ultimate Parent, the Parent and/or the Issuer is or becomes a member;
(c) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements;
(d) any Permitted Account Bank Security;
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

38/65
(e) any Security over the assets subject to a finance lease permitted under paragraph (c) of Clause 14.4 {Financial Indebtedness) above and arising as a consequence of such finance lease;
(f) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer (as the case may be) in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer; and
(g) any Security securing indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of which does not exceed EUR 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) above, provided that the creditor for such indebtedness is not a Group Company, an Affiliate of any Group Company, the Sponsor, an Account Bank or a hedging counter party.
14.6 Financial support The Issuer shall not grant or maintain any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party, other than:
(a) any Financial Support arising by operation of law as a result of the existence or establishment of a fiscal unity (fiscale eenheid) for Dutch corporate income tax or value added tax purposes, of which the Ultimate Parent, the Parent and/or the Issuer is or becomes a member;
(b) any loans granted by the Issuer to another Group Company, provided that any such loans are made:
(i) at a time when no Event o f Default is continuing; and
(ii) in amounts which would not cause the Distribution Threshold to be exceeded.
14.7 Permitted Hedging The Issuer shall not enter into any hedging arrangements not being Permitted Hedging. For the avoidance of doubt, except for any Permitted Farm-out, the Issuer shall not, whether under a hedging arrangement or any other agreement, incur, create or permit any financial arrangement whereby any person is granted a right to a payment as a percentage or other proportion of the Issuer's present or future hydrocarbon production or reserves, or present or future sales proceeds, income, earnings, or revenue deriving directly or indirectly from a Hydrocarbon Assets (whether secured or unsecured).
14.8 Related party transactions Without limiting the provisions of Clause 14.2 {Compliance with laws) above, the Issuer shall conduct all business transactions with any Affiliate at market terms and otherwise on an arm's length basis.
L 9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

39/65

14.9 Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4 (Status o f the Bonds) above.

14.10 Cessation of business The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business.

14.11 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

14.12

Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the date of the Bond Terms, and which is to (directly or indirectly) own, develop and operate Hydrocarbon Assets.

14.13

Dutch Continental Shelf
The Issuer shall not take part in any petroleum activities or related activities in any geographical area other than the Dutch continental shelf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer is permitted to engage in limited activities outside the Dutch continental shelf, provided that such activities relates to Hydrocarbon Assets straddling other jurisdictions in addition to the Dutch continental shelf, and provided further in each case that any cash expenditures to petroleum activities or related activities outside the Dutch continental shelf does not exceed 20 per cent, of the Issuer's aggregated expenditures to exploration, development and production activities during any fiscal year.

14.14

Operations
The Issuer shall ensure that its operations are conducted in accordance with acknowledged practices related to the oil and gas industry in all material respect.

14.15

Pledged Accounts
(a) The Issuer shall ensure that each Pledged Account shall be pledged and perfected on in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations and liabilities of the Obligors under the Finance Documents. No Pledged Account shall be blocked, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(b) The Issuer shall ensure that all Project Proceeds are paid directly into a Pledged Account.

14.16 Debt Service Retention Account (a) The Issuer shall ensure that the balance on the Debt Service Retention Account:

(i) at all times prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring in April 2019, is at least equal to the aggregate amount of all remaining interest payments up to and including the Interest Payment Date occurring in April 2019; and

L_925136?_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

40/65

(ii) at all times after the Interest Payment Date occurring in April 2019, is at least equal to the amount of the next upcoming interest payment.

(b) The Issuer shall ensure that the Debt Service Retention Account shall be blocked and pledged in favour of the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Debt Service Retention Account Pledge, and the Account Bank shall waive any set-off rights to such account.

(c) The Issuer shall ensure that the amounts deposited on the Debt Service Retention Account shall only be released and applied for the due payment of interest payable in respect of the Bond Issue or towards the redemption of all the Bonds in full upon the exercise of a Call Option or a Mandatory Prepayment Event.

14.17

Distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any Distribution without the prior consent of the Bond Trustee or Bondholders' Meeting (as the case may be) with a simple majority resolution (as the case may be), unless:

(a) no Event of Default is continuing; and

(b) the amount of the Distribution does not cause the Distribution Threshold to be exceeded.

For the avoidance of doubt, no payment of ordinary fees for employee, management services or general services procured by the Issuer to any other Group Company shall be considered as "Distribution" for the purpose of the provisions in this clause.

14.18 Disposal of assets/business The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose (each a "Disposal") of any assets, unless:

(a) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions;

(b) no Event of Default is continuing (provided that this paragraph (b) shall not restrict the Issuer from selling lifted oil and gas in its ordinary course of business);

(c) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect (unless the transaction constitutes a Mandatory Prepayment Event and the provisions of paragraph (d) below are satisfied); and

(d) the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with the provisions set out in Clause 10.4 {Early redemption due to a Mandatory Prepayment Event) and the Issuer, before any Obligor commits to any Disposal, provides evidence to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee that the Issuer will have sufficient available funds to complete the relevant redemption of Bonds in accordance with the terms thereof.

L 9251369_V5 24,10,17 112653-014

41/65

14.19

Project Documents
The Issuer shall be the only Group Company being party to a Project Document and the Issuer shall (i) perform all material obligations under the Project Documents to which it is a party, (ii) not amend, terminate or waive, or where relevant, vote in favour of any amendment, termination or waiver, in respect of any terms under any of the Project Documents, in each case which might have a Material Adverse Effect and (iii) promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with copies of any Project Document to the extent permitted under any applicable confidentiality restrictions.

14.20

Security Documents
The Issuer shall maintain the Transaction Security Documents to which is a party in full force and effect, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such Security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with such ranking and priority contemplated by these Bond Terms, creating the Security contemplated thereunder, at the expense of the Issuer.

14.21

Insurances
(a) The Issuer shall take out and maintain (or procure that the same is taken out and maintained) adequate insurance ("Insurance") with respect to its assets, operations, liabilities and contingencies, in each case on such terms and against such risks as are normally insured against by prudent owners of comparable assets (provided that no business interruption insurance shall be required to be taken out or maintained) and ensure that each insurance is maintained with one or more insurance companies having (i) a Best Insurance Reports rating of "A-" or higher, or (ii) Standard & Poor's financial strength rating of "A-" or higher.

(b) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, do, or knowingly permit to be done anything, which may make any Insurance void, voidable, unavailable or unenforceable or render any sums which may be paid out under any Insurance repayable in whole or in part. The Issuer shall promptly pay all premiums, calls and contributions due from it and do all other things necessary to keep each Insurance taken out by or for it maintained in full force and effect. Neither the Bond Trustee nor any Bondholder shall have any liability for the payment of premiums or any other amount owing in respect of any Insurances. If the Issuer fails to pay any costs relating to any Insurance, the Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, pay any costs due and the Issuer shall immediately pay to the Bond Trustee the cost of such Insurance.

14.22 Financial covenants
(a) M inimum Liquidity

The Issuer shall:

(i) at all times prior to (and including) the date falling six (6) months after the First Gas Date, ensure that Liquidity exceeds EUR 2,000,000; and

(ii) at all times from the date falling six (6) months after the First Gas Date, ensure that Liquidity exceeds EUR 5,000,000.

L_9251369^V5 24.10.17 112653-014

42/65

(b) M inimum Equity Ratio

The Issuer shall maintain an Equity Ratio not lower than 30 per cent, on each Calculation Date ending on and after the First Compliance Date.

(c) M aximum Leverage Ratio

The Issuer shall maintain a Leverage Ratio in respect of any Relevant Period ending on and after the First Compliance Date of no more than 2:1.

(d) M inimum Interest Cover Ratio

The Issuer shall maintain an Interest Cover Ratio in respect of any Relevant Period ending on and after the First Compliance Date of no less than 6:1.

(e) Testing

The financial covenants set out in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall be calculated in accordance with the Approved Accounting Principles and tested by reference to each of the financial statements and/or each Compliance Certificate delivered to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 12 {Information Undertakings) above, provided that with respect to any Relevant Periods ending on a date that is less than twelve (12) months after the First Gas Date, EBITDA shall be calculated by reference of to the amount of EBITDA as disclosed in the financial statement and/or compliance certificates for the three (3) last calendar months of that Relevant Period annualised on a straight line basis.

Guarantors' general undertakings

14.23

Authorisations
Each Guarantor shall, and the Ultimate Parent shall procure that each other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any Authorisation required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of the Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.

14.24

Compliance with laws
Each Guarantor shall, and the Ultimate Parent shall procure that each other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.

14.25

Continuation of business
The Ultimate Parent shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature of the business from that carried on by the Group at the Issue Date (for the avoidance of doubt, a sale, transfer, winding-up, liquidation or other disposal of any of the Group's onshore oil and gas business in the Netherlands and/or Germany will not constitute a material change of the general nature of business of the Group).

L 9251369.V5 24.10.17 112653-014

43/65

14.26

Pari passu ranking
Each Guarantor shall ensure that its obligations under the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4 {Status o f the Bonds) above.

14.27

Cessation of business
No Guarantor shall cease to carry on its business (for the avoidance of doubt, a sale, transfer, winding-up, liquidation or other disposal of the Parent's onshore gas business in the Netherlands or the Ultimate Parent's interests in Germany will not constitute a cessation of business).

14.28

Corporate status
No Guarantor shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation if such change would have a Material Adverse Effect.

14.29

Mergers and de-mergers
No Guarantor shall, and the Ultimate Parent shall procure that no other Group Company (other than the Issuer) will, carry out:

(a) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of a Guarantor or any other Group Company with any person other than with a Group Company and where the Guarantor is the surviving entity (and its obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents continue in full force and effect); or

(b) any demerger or other corporate reorganisation having the same or equivalent effect as a demerger involving a Guarantor and any Group Company,

if such merger, demerger, combination or reorganisation would have a Material Adverse Effect.

14.30

Investments by the Sponsor
The Ultimate Parent shall ensure that the Sponsor is not (i) the direct shareholder in any Group Company other than the Ultimate Parent or (ii) the indirect shareholder in any Group Company other than through its shareholding in the Ultimate Parent.

14.31

Financial Indebtedness
The Ultimate Parent shall procure that no Group Company incurs or maintains any Financial Indebtedness (save for the Bonds) for which the Sponsor or any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than a Group Company or a financial institution) is the creditor.

14.32

Related party transactions
Without limiting the provisions of Clause 14.24 {Compliance with laws) above, each Guarantor shall conduct all business transactions with any Affiliate which is not a Guarantor at market terms and otherwise on an arm's length basis.

L 9251369. V5 24.10.17 112653-014

44/65

14.33 Distributions (a) The Ultimate Parent shall not declare or make any Distribution, unless:

(i) no Event of Default is continuing at such time;

(ii) the First Compliance Certificate Date has occurred; and

(iii) the amount of the Distribution in any calendar year, when taken together with any other Distribution made or declared in that calendar year, does not exceed an amount equal to 50.00 per cent, of the Ultimate Parent's consolidated profit after tax for the preceding calendar year.

(b) The Parent may only make Distributions to the Ultimate Parent.

(c) Notwithstanding the above, the Ultimate Parent may pay a monitoring fee to such account or entity nominated by the Sponsor in an aggregate amount of up to EUR 150,000 for each financial year.

14.34

Security Documents
Each Guarantor shall maintain the Transaction Security Documents to which it is a party in full force and effect, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such Security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with such ranking and priority contemplated by these Bond Terms, creating the Security contemplated thereunder, at the expense of the Issuer.

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
15.1 Events of Default1 Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a) Non-payment

An Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:

(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or

(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

1General comment: Further Events of Default provisions related to E&P companies will be included for the Issuer.
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

45/65
(b) Breach o f other obligations
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (.Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 20 Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) M isrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for any Obligor:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of (A) EUR 2,500,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) for each Guarantor or (B) EUR 1,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) for the Issuer.
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings
Any Obligor:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
L .9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-OM

46/65
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 15.1 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 20 Business Days of commencement.
(f) C red ito r's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of any Obligor having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 15.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within 20 Business Days.
(g) Hydrocarbon Assets
All or any material part of the Issuer's ownership interest in any Hydrocarbon Asset or any produce or revenues derived therefrom is nationalised, expropriated, compulsory acquired or seized by any government or other governmental or public sector agency or body or any government or other governmental or public sector agency takes, or officially announces that it will take, any step with a view to such nationalisation, expropriation, compulsory acquisition or seizure.
Any Hydrocarbon Asset or, as relevant in each case, the Issuer's rights and/or interest in any Hydrocarbon Assets, is terminated, cancelled, revoked or rescinded.
(h) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of such Obligor to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
L_9251369 V5 24,10,17 112653-014

47/65
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
15.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 15.3 {Bondholders' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable on demand at which time they shall become immediately due and payable on demand by the Bond Trustee;
(b) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(c) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
15.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 15.2 {Acceleration o f the B onds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
15.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redem ption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 15.1 {Events o f D efault) paragraph (a) {Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

48/65
16. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 17.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50% of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(1) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 18.1 (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
16.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to
L 9251369_V5 24.10,17 112653-014

49/65
all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds').
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

50/65
passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
16.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one (1) vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (B ondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 16 (Bondholders ' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (B ondholders' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have the deciding vote.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 16.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders ' M eeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
L_9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

51/65
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 16.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders ' M eeting), Clause 16.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a B ondholders' M eeting) and Clause 16.3 {Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 16.1 {Authority o f the B ondholders' M eeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 16.5 {Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a B ondholders 'M eeting) and vice versa.
16.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 {Authority o f the B ondholders' M eeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 16.1 {Authority o f the B ondholders' M eeting), 16.2 {Procedure f o r arranging a B o n d h o ld er's M eeting), Clause 16.3 {Voting Rules) and Clause 16.4 {Repeated B ondholders' M eeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 16.2 {Procedure fo r arranging Bondholders Meetings)', or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 16.5 {Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
L 9 2 5 I 3 6 9 V 5 24.10.17 112653-014

52/65
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 16.4 (Repeated Bondholders 'M eeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than 15 Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (B ondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 16.1 (Authority o f Bondholders ' M eeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 16.1{Authority o f B ondholders'M eeting).
17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
17.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

53/65
17.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 17.4 (Liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or
L 9 2 5 1 3 6 9 V 5 24,10,17 112653-014

54/65
indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
17.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
17.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has:
(i) acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

55/65
Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to the Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 16.2 {Procedure fo r arranging a B ondholders' M eeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
17.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 16 {B ondholders' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 17.5 {Replacem ent o f the B ond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
L 9251369 V5 24,10.17 112653-014

56/65
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 17.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
17.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
L,9251369^V 5 24.10.17 112653-014

57/65
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 17.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
18. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 18.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Bondholders 'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
18.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 18 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
19. MISCELLANEOUS 19.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
L_9251369_V5 24,10,17 112653-014

58/65
19.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
19.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such no-tice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

59/65
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
19.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) An amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 13.1{Financial Reports) paragraph (c), Clause 13.2 (Put Option Event), Clause 13.3 (Information: m iscellaneous) and Clause 14 (G eneral and
financial undertakings)',
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(C) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

60/65
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
20. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 20.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
20.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
20.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 20 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or their respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
20.4 Service of process (a) Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, each Obligor hereby:
(i) irrevocably appoints Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS, Haakon VII's Gate 10, N-0161 Oslo, Norway as its agent for service of process in relation to any proceedings in connection with these Bond Terms; and
(ii) agrees that failure by an agent for service of process to notify the Issuer of the process will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.
(b) If any person appointed as an agent for service of process is unable for any reason to act as agent for service of process, the Issuer must immediately (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days of such event taking place) appoint another agent on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee. Failing this, the Bond Trustee may appoint another agent for this purpose.
-000
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

61/65
These Bond Terms have been executed in four (4) originals, of which the Issuer, each of the Guarantors and the Bond Trustee shall retain one (1) each.
L 9251369_V5 24,10 17 112653-014

SIGNATURES:

The Issuer: Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V.
By: Martin Bell Position: Authorised Signatory The Guarantor: Tulip Oil Holding B.V.

As Bond Trustee and Security Agent:
Nordic Trustee AS
N O R D IC TR U & LE E AS

,/

'

Jergen Andersen

By: Position:

The Guarantor: Tulip Oil Netherlands B.V.

By: Martin Bell Position: Authorised Signatory

By: Martin Bell Position: Authorised Signatory

[Signature Page to Bond Terms]

SIGNATURES:

The Issuer; Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V.

As Bond Trustee and Security Agent: Nordic Trustee AS

B y: M artin B ell P osition: A uthorised Signatory
The Guarantor: Tulip Oil Holding B.V.
B y: M artin B ell Position: A uthorised Signatory

By: P o sitio n :
The Guarantor: Tulip Oil Netherlands B.V.
...............................................' 
B y: M artin B ell P osition: A uthorised S ignatory

[Signature Page to Bond Terms]

63/65
SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
[date] Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V. FRN 8.50 % Senior Secured EUR 87,000,000 Callable Bond Issue 2017/2022 - ISIN 001080823.1 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.1 {Financial Reports) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period []. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause \3>.\{Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest [Annual Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. The Financial Covenants set out in Clause 14.22 {Financial Covenants) are met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto. We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V.
Name o f authorised person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]
L 9251369 V5 24.10.17 112653-014

64/65
SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

To: Nordic Trustee AS, as Bond Trustee and Security Agent, and NT Services AS, as Escrow Manager

[] October 2017

Dear Sirs,
Escrow Account Release Notice - Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V. FRN 8.50 % Senior Secured EUR 87,000,000 Callable Bond Issue 2017/2022 - ISIN 001080823.1
We refer to the bond terms for the above captioned Bond Issue (the "Bond Terms") made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer (each as defined in the Bond Terms). We further refer to the escrow agreement (the "Escrow Agreement") made between the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and NT Services AS as Escrow Manager (as defined in the Escrow Agreement).
Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms and the Escrow Agreement (as applicable).
We hereby give the Escrow Manager a notice that we on [] October 2017 wish to draw:
a) an amount of EUR 11,092,500 from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in paragraph (i) of Clause 2.3 (Use of proceeds) of the Bond Terms, and request that the Bond Trustee consents to the release and that the Escrow Manager releases and transfers the above mentioned amount to the Debt Service Reserve Account;
b) an amount of EUR [] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in paragraph (ii) of Clause 2.3 (Use of proceeds) of the Bond Terms, and request that the Bond Trustee consents to the release and that the Escrow Manager releases and transfers the above mentioned amount to the following bank account:
Account holder: []
Account no.: []
IBAN: []
BIC/SWIFT: []
Bank: []

L 9251369..V5 24.10.17 112653-014

65/65
c) an amount of EUR [] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in paragraph (iii) of Clause 2.3 (Use of proceeds) of the Bond Terms, and request that the Bond Trustee consents to the release and that Escrow Manager releases and transfers the above mentioned amount to the following bank account: Account holder: [] Account no.: [] IBAN: [] BIC/SWIFT: [] Bank: []
We hereby represent and warrant to the Bond Trustee that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, (ii) the Issuer has no Financial Indebtedness, Security or Financial Support (other than that permitted under the Finance Documents) and (iii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, Tulip Oil Netherlands Offshore B.V.
[Name of authorized person] Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of hands]
L_9251369_V5 24.10.17 112653-014

