ISIN NO 001 0714561
BOND AGREEMENT between
Jacktel AS (Issuer)
Master Marine AS (Parent) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
7.00 per cent Jacktel AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

N ordic T ru s te e ASA
3 14 16 16 17 17 20 22 22 23 25 26 26 34 35 38 40 43

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

3/49
This agreement has been entered into on 8 July 2014 between:
(1) Jacktel AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 994 152 300) as issuer (the "Issuer"),
(2) Master Marine AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 879 342 732) as parent (the "Parent"), and
(3) Nordic Trustee ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Acceptable Bank" means DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Norge ASA or any other commercial bank, savings bank and trust company which has a credit rating of minimum "A3/A-" from Standard & Poor's or Moody's or a comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit ranking agency for its long-term debt obligations.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Accounts" means:
(a) the Escrow Account;
(b) the Earnings Accounts;
(c) the Retention Account;
(d) the Operating Accounts; and
(e) the Reserve Accounts.
"Additional Tranche" means any additional tranche issued under this Bond Agreement in accordance with Clause 2.4.
"Assignment of Earnings" means the first priority assignment by way of security from the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) of all its rights to and title and interest in, whether present or future, any earnings payable to the Issuer under any Charter Contract as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, provided that such assignment is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Charter Contract (it being understood that the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to agree a Charter Contract that allows such assignment) and applicable law.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

4/49
"Assignments of Insurances" means the first priority assignment by way of security from the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) of all its rights to and title and interest under, whether present or future, all insurances in respect of the Rig as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Assignments of Management Agreements" means the first priority assignment by way of security from the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) of all its rights to and title and interest under, whether present or future, any Management Agreement as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, provided such assignment is permitted pursuant to the terms of the relevant Management Agreement (it being understood that the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to agree to Management Agreements that allows such assignment) and applicable law, which assignment shall contain direct cure and stepin rights and termination rights for the Bond Trustee in case of default.
"Assignments of Subordinated Loans" means the first priority assignment by way of security from the Parent in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) of all its rights to and title and interest under, whether present or future, any Subordinated Loans as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachment to it, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Borrowing Limit" means at the date of this Bond Agreement an amount of EUR 190,000,000, which amount shall be reduced by EUR 5,500,000 semi-annually at each Interest Payment Date in January and July, the first reduction falling on 9 January 2015.
"Business Day" means any day on which the commercial banks in Norway are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Norway and also TARGET (the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer System) is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

5/49
may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o f Business Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or group under the same Decisive Influence, other than (i) Nordic Capital VII Alpha, L.P., Nordic Capital VII Beta, L.P., or any other fund within the Nordic Capital group of private equity funds or (ii) any international reputable company operating in the oil & gas industry holding minimum an investment grade rating by a reputable investment grade agency, obtains Decisive Influence over the Parent.
"Charter Contract" means any charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect of the Rig entered into by the Issuer with a Charterer.
"Charter Contract Assignment" means the first priority assignment by way of security from the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) of all its rights to and title and interest under, whether present or future, any Charter Contract as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents, provided that such assignment is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Charter Contract(s) (it being understood that the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to agree Charter Contract(s) that allows such assignment) and applicable law.
"Charter Novation Agreement" means the novation agreement dated 7 April 2010 between the Parent and the Issuer for the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract whereby the Parent novated all of its rights and obligations under the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract to the Issuer.
"Charterer" means:
(a) in respect of ConocoPhillips Charter Contract, ConocoPhillips Scandinavia AS; and
(b) in respect of any other Charter Contract, any client under a Charter Contract (such client not being the Parent or a Subsidiary of the Parent).
"ConocoPhillips Charter Contract" means the contract for accommodation seivices, entered into between the Parent and ConocoPhillips Scandinavia AS in respect of the Rig, originally dated 16 October 2008 (as amended and extended and including the Charter Novation Agreement whereby it was novated from the Parent to the Issuer).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

6/49
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Earnings Accounts" means each of the account(s) established in the name of the Issuer to be charged/pledged in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Earnings Accounts Pledge but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
"Earnings Accounts Pledge" means the first priority pledge or charge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Earnings Accounts as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account" means an account to be established in the name of the Issuer held with the Paying Agent prior to the Issue Date, pledged and blocked on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority Norwegian law pledge over the Issuer's rights against the Paying Agent for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account, where the Paying Agent has waived any set-off rights.
"EUR" means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs' Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing Bank Facility" means the existing term loan facility provided to the Issuer under a teim loan facility agreement dated 9 April 2010 and made between, inter alia, the Issuer (as borrower), the Parent (as guarantor) and NIBC Bank N.V., ABN AMRO Bank N.V. and DVB Bank SE (as mandated lead arrangers) and NIBC Bank N.Y. (as facility agent and security trustee).
"Existing Parent Loans" means the existing loans from the Parent (as lender) to the Issuer (as borrower) in an approximate aggregate amount of EUR 252,000,000 at the date of this Bond Agreement, any such loans being fully subordinated to the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Factoring Agreement" means the first priority pledge of receivables ("Avtale om Factoring") to be entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (on behalf
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

7/49
of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.

"Finance Documents" means:

(a) this Bond Agreement;

(b) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2;

(c) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);

(d) the Intercreditor Agreement; and

(e) any other document the Issuer and the Trustee in writing designate as a Finance Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement, all notes and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

8/49
"First Disbursement" means the first disbursement from the Escrow Account, being an amount not to exceed the First Tranche.
"First Tranche" means EUR 95,000,000.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Initial Parent Loan Repayment" means the partial repayment of the Existing Parent Loans.
"Interest Payment Date" means 9 January, 9 April, 9 July and 9 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered or to be entered into between the Issuer, the Parent, the Bond Trustee, the Second Mortgagee and the Third Mortgagee, substantially in the form and content agreed between the parties prior to the Issue Date and otherwise on customary terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee may approve.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date each year, drawn up according to IFRS.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 9 July 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Liquidity" means, on any date, the aggregate equivalent in EUR on such date of the then current market value of:
(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or deposit accounts; and
(b) time deposits with banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by banks,
in each case to which the Issuer is beneficially entitled at the time and to which the Issuer has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security (other than Security granted pursuant to the Security Documents). For the avoidance of doubt, amounts standing to the credit of the Earnings Accounts, the Operating Accounts and the Reserve Accounts shall be included.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

9/49
"Loan to Value Ratio" means at any time, the ratio of the Outstanding Bonds to the Market Value, based on valuations that are no older than ninety (90) days.
"Management Agreement" means any management agreement for the technical and commercial management of the Rig, including the agreement dated 24 February 2009 between the Rig Manager (and including the OSM Novation Agreement) and the Issuer and the agreement dated 22 September 2010 between the Parent and the Issuer.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, DNB Batik ASA, DNB Markets, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway, and Swedbank Norge, branch of Swedbank AB (publ), P.O. Box 1441 Vika, N-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rig determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Rig obtained from two (2) independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for the Rig appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuations shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at aim's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing Charter Contract. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of the Issuer, (b) the Issuer's or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents and the Project Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 9 July 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Mortgage" means the first priority mortgage (and deed of covenants collateral thereto (if applicable)) against the Rig (and all equipment being legally part of the Rig under appropriate law) from the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Operating Accounts" means each of the account(s) established in the name of the Issuer to be charged/pledged in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Operating Accounts Pledge but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
"Operating Accounts Pledge" means the first priority pledge or charge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Operating Accounts as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

10/49
"OSM Novation Agreement" means the novation agreement dated 11 January 2010 between the Parent and the Issuer for the technical management agreement with the OSM Offshore AS whereby the Parent novated all of its rights and obligations under the technical management agreement to the Issuer.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Parent Loans" means any future loans from the Parent (as lender) to the Issuer (as borrower), any such loans being fully subordinated to the Bonds.

"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Permitted Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness:

(a) arising under this Bond Issue;

(b) until the First Disbursement, arising under the Existing Bank Facility;

(c) under any guarantees issued (to governments and other third parties) in the ordinary course of business in relation to the operation of the Rig and any recourse obligation towards the Parent or a bank in the event the Parent or a bank has issued such guarantees on behalf of the Issuer;

(d)

under any hedging arrangements entered into on market terms and as part

of the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and for non-speculative

purposes;

(e) under any operational leases of vessel equipment incurred by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business up to an aggregate amount of EUR 4,000,000; and

(f) under any unsecured Subordinated Loans from the Parent, provided that such Subordinated Loan(s) are assigned as security under the Bond Issue.

"Permitted Security" means:

(a) Security granted in relation to Financial Indebtedness under paragraphs (a), (b) and (e) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;

(b) subject to the execution of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Second Priority Security and the Third Priority Security;

L,,4982013_V1 103123-020

11/49
(c) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business;

(d) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer in the ordinary course of trading and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer;

(e) any cash collateral granted in relation any Financial Indebtedness as referred to in paragraph (d) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness; and

(f)

any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary

course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and

credit balances of the Issuer.

"Project Documents" means:

(i)

the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract and any other Charter Contracts;

(ii) any Subordinated Loan Agreement; and

(iii) the Management Agreement(s).

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Quiet Enjoyment Letter" means a quiet enjoyment letter to be issued by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in favour of any Charterer (and its creditors) under a Charter Contract, if so required by that Charterer, in such form as the Issuer shall reasonably require in order to be able to comply with the requirements of such Charterer. The Quiet Enjoyment Letter shall be given on industry standard terms, and shall include an undertaking that for as long as:

(a) the Charterer is not in breach of any obligations under the Charter Contract which breach would permit the termination of the Charter Contract; and

(b) payment of all amounts due and payable under the Charter Contract is duly made pursuant to the terms thereof,

then, the rights and remedies of the Bond Trustee under the Mortgage shall be subordinated and subject to the rights and remedies of the Charterer under the Charter Contract, and the Bond Trustee shall not disturb or interfere with the quiet and peaceful use, possession and enjoyment of the Rig by the Charterer under the Charter Contract; provided that the Quiet Enjoyment Letter may only be issued if the Quiet Enjoyment Letter provides for the Bond Trustee:

(i) to (if applicable) be notified by the Charterer if the Issuer is in default under the Charter Contract and is granted the right to remedy such breach; and

(ii) in case of any Event of Default under this Bond Agreement which is not remedied, to have a right to transfer the Rig and assign the Charter Contract to a nominee of the Bond Trustee, being reasonably satisfactory to the Charterer. The Issuer shall be obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

12/49
obtain the right for the Bond Trustee to transfer the Rig and assign the Charter Contract to a nominee of the Bond Trustee pursuant to this paragraph (ii), but the Bond Trustee shall be authorized to issue the Quiet Enjoyment Letter if the Issuer, despite its reasonable endeavours, fails to obtain such right.
"Reserve Accounts" means each of the account(s) established in the name of the Issuer to be charged/pledged in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Reserve Accounts Pledge but not blocked unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
"Reserve Accounts Pledge" means the first priority pledge or charge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Reserve Accounts as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Retention Account" means the account in the name of the Issuer to be pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) pursuant to the Retention Account Pledge, and in which the relevant Acceptable Bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge or charge to be entered into between the Issuer in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over the Issuer's claims against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Rig" means the jack-up accommodation unit "Haven" built in 2011 and with IMO number 9526019, registered in the name of the Issuer in the Cyprus ship registry, and including all equipment thereto,
"Rig Manager" means OSM Offshore AS or any other reputable rig manager replacing OSM Offshore AS as manager of the Rig.
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Departments of State or Commerce or any other US government authority, including under the Iran Sanctions Act as amended by the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment Act of 2010, or by the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union ("EU"), Her Majesty's Treasury ("HMT") or Norwegian or other relevant sanctions authority.
"Second Mortgagee" means Nordic Capital VII Limited as agent under the 2010 Sponsor Facilities Agreement (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement).
"Second Priority Security" means the second priority mortgage (and deed of covenants collateral thereto (if applicable)) against the Rig (and all equipment being legally part of the Rig under appropriate law) from the Issuer in favour of the Second Mortgagee as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the 2010 Sponsor Facilities Agreement.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

13/49
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means:

(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;

(b) the Assignment of Subordinated Loans;

(c) the Share Pledge;

(d) the Mortgage;

(e) the Charter Contract Assignment;

(f) the Assignment of Earnings;

(g) the Factoring Agreement;

(h) the Assignment of Management Agreements;

(i)

the Earnings Account Pledge;

(j)

the Operating Accounts Pledge;

(k) the Retention Accounts Pledge; and

(l)

the Assignment of Insurances.

"Share Pledge" means the first priority share pledge to be granted by the Parent in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Bondholders) over all (100%) of the shares in the Issuer together with, inter alia, executed notices and acknowledgements, as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordinated Loan" means the Existing Parent Loans and the Parent Loans.

"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means any loan agreement entered or to be entered into between the Issuer (as borrower) and the Parent (as lender) in respect of any Subordinated Loan(s), in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

14/49
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Third Mortgagee" means Nordic Capital VII Limited as agent under the 2011 Sponsor Facilities Agreement (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement).

"Third Priority Security" means the third priority mortgage (and deed of covenants collateral thereto (if applicable)) against the Rig (and all equipment being legally part of the Rig under appropriate law) from the Issuer in favour of the Second Mortgagee as security for the obligations of the Issuer under the 2011 Sponsor Facilities Agreement.

"Total Loss" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Rig or requisition for title or other compulsory acquisition, including an expropriation, of the Rig.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

THE BONDS

2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

15/49
Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of up to EUR 190,000,000 (EUR One Hundred and Ninety Million).

The Face Value is EUR 100,000 each with a minimum subscription and allotment of EUR 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "7.00 per cent Jacktel AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0714561.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall be applied towards:

(a) refinancing EUR 72,700,000 currently outstanding under the Existing Bank Facility (together with accrued interest and break costs (if any));

(b) partial repayment of Existing Parent Loans; and

(c) for general corporate purposes of the Issuer.

2.4 Additional Tranche(s)

The Issuer may at any time from the Issue Date and up until the date falling three (3) years after the Issue Date increase the outstanding amount under this Bond Issue up to the Bon-owing Limit which is prevailing at the applicable time, through raising one or more Additional Tranches subject to the following conditions:

(a) the Loan to Value immediately after the issue of such Additional Tranche being no greater than 65%;

(b) the remaining firm contract backlog (excluding options and the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract) is at least eighteen (18) months with an average time charter dayrate of minimum EUR 165,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, only the part of mobilisation fee and other up-front payments which exceeds estimated mobilisation costs or other contract specific upgrade and preparation, shall be included in the dayrate calculation);

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

16/49
(c) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making of such Additional Tranche;

(d) the Issuer confirms that the documents received by the Bond Trustee under Clauses 6.1 and 6.2 are still valid or provides updates of such documents to the Bond Trustee;

(e) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement are true and correct and repeated by the Issuer; and

(f) such Additional Tranche is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations as of the time of such issue.

All additional Bonds issued in an Additional Tranche will be subject to identical terms in all respects, except that additional Bonds may be issued at a price below or above the Face Value. The rights and obligations of all parties to this Bond Agreement also apply for Additional Tranche. The Bond Trustee will in connection with Additional Tranche make an addendum to this Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Additional Tranche.

The Bondholders as at the first day of the subscription period for an Additional Tranche shall have a pro rata preferred right to be allocated bonds in the event that an Additional Tranche is issued. Such right is valid only on the condition that subscriptions from existing Bondholders are evidenced by transcript of their holding, and that subscriptions are delivered timely and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Additional Tranche. The Issuer undertakes to announce the issue of such an Additional Tranche publicly, including via Stamdata.

3

LISTING

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

17/49

5

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1 Conditions Precedent to the Issue Date

6.1.1 Transfer of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and the Issuer and the Parent to execute the relevant Finance Documents;

(c) (to the extent required) a power of attorney from each of the Issuer and Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the relevant Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer and Parent;

(d) certified copies of, for each of the Issuer and Parent, (i) its Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) its Articles of Association;

(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any governmental authorisations, approvals, consents or waivers (as the case may be) required for the Bond Issue and the entry into of the Finance Documents;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

18/49

(j)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Escrow Account has been

opened;

(k) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto, all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents being received from the Paying Agent, and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security under the Escrow Account Pledge;

(l)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(m) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as described in Clause 2.1.1 and copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue; and

(n) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3 Transfer of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled (or otherwise waived in accordance with Clause 6.1.2 above).

6.1.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement

6.2.1 Amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the purposes as set out in Clause 2.3 (.Purpose and utilization), including to pay any fees, expenses and costs (including legal costs) due and owning related to the Bond Issue, and the First Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds from the Escrow Account shall be subject to customary closing mechanisms to be agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, and the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, on or prior to the time of disbursement:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer in the form set out in Attachment 2 (Release Notice - Escrow Account) (a "Release Notice"), including, inter alia, a statement regarding use of funds according to Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization)

(b) confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(c) documentation evidencing that all existing Security related to the Rig is or will be released and discharged in connection with (and simultaneously

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

19/49
with) the release of the funds according to the closing procedure agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee;

(d) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Accounts (except for the Escrow Account) have been opened;

(e) all relevant Security Interest under the Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge which is being delivered under Clause 6.1 above) being executed and perfected, including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents (or satisfactory evidence showing that it will be executed and perfected promptly upon release of funds from the Escrow Account);

(f) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed;

(g) any other relevant Finance Documents (unless delivered on or prior to the Issue Date) being in acceptable form and duly executed by the parties thereto;

(h) copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer and Parent to execute the relevant Security Documents, any other relevant Finance Document, the OSM Novation Agreement and Charter Novation Agreement (unless delivered prior to the Issue Date, then a confirmation that all corporate resolutions delivered prior to the Issue Date remain in full force and effect and that no amendment have been made thereto, shall be given);

(i)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;

(j)

a copy of the updated class maintenance certificate of the Rig showing that

the Rig is in class without any class conditions or overdue

recommendations;

(k) copies of any Charter Contracts entered into by the Issuer, including the Conoco Phillips Charter Contract;

(l)

copies of all Management Agreements;

(m) documentation evidencing the Issuer's ownership to the Rig;

(n) satisfactory evidence by way of an insurance report that all insurances have been taken out for the Rig;

(o) pro-forma balance sheet dated on the date of the First Disbursement showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents and the Existing Parent Loan, duly certified by a director of the Issuer; and

(p) any other documentation the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.

6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.2.1.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

20/49
6.2.3 The First Disbursement is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent are fulfdled (or otherwise waived in accordance with Clause 6.2.2 above).

6.2.4 On the First Disbursement, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.2.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 Each of the Issuer and the Parent represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
7.1.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incoiporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.1.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.1.2 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.1.5 No Event o f Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

21/49
agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.6 Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it.
7.1.8 Financial Statements
The most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied.
7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.10 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.1.11 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7.1.12 Pari passu ranking
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

22/49
Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.1.13 Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

STATUS OFTHE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1 Status of the Bonds

8.1.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt (including any Subordinated Loans).

8.2 Security

8.2.1 The Bonds and any other amount outstanding under the Finance Documents to the Bond Trustee and/or the Bondholders, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured on a first priority basis by the Security Interest.

9

INTEREST

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 7.00 per cent. (7.00%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 9 October 2014.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

23/49
9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

10.1 Amortization

If the aggregate amount of the Outstanding Bonds at any Interest Payment Date falling in January and July, exceeds the Borrowing Limit, the Issuer shall on such Interest Payment Date redeem Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount) in an amount equal to the difference between the aggregate amount of Outstanding Bonds and the Borrowing Limit. Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures for the Securities Depositary).

10.2 Maturity

The Bonds not already redeemed shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.3 Call option

10.3.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (all or nothing) at any time from and including:

(a) the Issue Date to, but not including, 9 July 2016, at a price equal to the sum of the present value on the relevant record date of:

(i)

104.2% of par value; and

(ii) the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including 9 July 2016;

both (i) and (ii) above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until 9 July 2016) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) 9 July 2016 to, but not including, 9 July 2017 at a price equal to 104.2% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(c) 9 July 2017 to, but not including, 9 July 2018 at a price equal to 102.8% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(d) 9 July 2018 to, but not including, 9 January 2018 at a price equal to 101.4% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

24/49
(e) 9 January 2018 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par value (plus accrued interests on redeemed amount).

10.3.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.3.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.3 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.4 Change of control

10.4.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest).

10.4.2

The Put Option must be exercised within twenty-one (21) days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.4.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the twenty-one (21) days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.4.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.4.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.5 Sale or disposal of the Rig

Upon a sale or other disposal of the Rig, the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer receives the proceeds following such sale or other disposal of the Rig, redeem all the Outstanding Bonds at a price equalling the Call Option price set out in Clause 10.3 above, based on the date the sale or other disposal occurred and not on the date the redemption is completed.

10.6 Total Loss

Upon the occurrence of a Total Loss, the Issuer shall, on or about the day the Issuer receives the insurance proceeds following such Total Loss, redeem all the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

11 PAYMENTS

25/49

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

26/49
11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Documents or otherwise outstanding under the Finance Documents, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, the balance, if any, to the Issuer.

12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 COVENANTS

13.1 General
13.1.1 Each of the Issuer and the Parent undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

27/49
any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on the Parent's website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on the Parent's website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond

Trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository

or Paying Agent directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2.2 The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

28/49
waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Director of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General covenants

13.3.1 Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.2 Mergers

The Issuer shall not cany out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities.

13.3.3 De-mergers

The Issuer shall not cany out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.

13.3.4 Continuation o f business

Neither the Issuer nor the Parent shall cease to cany on its business, and shall procure that no change is made to the general nature of its business from that earned on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

13.3.5 Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, unless:

(i)

the transaction is canied out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.6 Arm's length transactions

Neither the Issuer nor the Parent shall enter into any transaction with any person except on aim's length tenns and for fair market value.

13.3.7 Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.3.8 Compliance with laws

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

29/49
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.3.9 Subordinated Loans

Each of the Issuer and the Parent shall ensure that any existing and future Subordinated Loans to the Issuer from the Parent shall be fully subordinated to the Bonds and without any enforcement rights during the term of the Bonds. Save for the Initial Parent Loan Repayment, any debt service (including interest payments) of any Subordinated Loans may be made to the extent permitted by Clause 13.5 (a) below and provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Bonds.

13.3.10 Accounts and application o f Earnings

(a) The Issuer shall ensure that all gross earnings related to the Rig shall be paid into the Earnings Accounts, and the following transfers and payments shall be made on a monthly basis within five (5) days after receipt ("Transfer
Date"):

(i)

firstly, the Issuer shall transfer from the Earnings Accounts to the

Retention Account an amount equal to 1/3 of the next interest

payment plus 1/6 of the next amortization payment (if applicable) plus

any shortfall from the previous month's transfer;

(ii) secondly, the Issuer shall transfer the amount equal to the budgeted operating and management expenses for the Rig, any expenses under the Management Agreements and the general and administrative expenses of the Issuer, in each case to be paid at least thirty (30) days before the start of the next calendar month, from the Earnings Accounts to the Operating Accounts; and

(iii) thirdly; the Issuer shall procure that any excess cash is transferred to the Reserve Accounts,

and, if for any reason, funds on the Earnings Accounts are insufficient for the transfers to the Retention Account and the Operating Account as set out in (i) and (ii) above, such shortfall shall be covered from the Reserve Accounts.

(b) The Issuer shall apply the amount in the Retention Account solely for the puipose of paying interest and amortization under the Bonds.

(c) Subject to the Bond Trustee's prior written approval, the Issuer may transfer amounts standing to the credit of any Account to another bank replacing the relevant account bank for the purpose of facilitating a time deposit, provided that such new account is pledged and blocked (if relevant) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) in a form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

(d) The Issuer shall open and maintain the Accounts with an Acceptable Bank.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

30/49
13.4 Issuer's positive covenants

The Issuer shall:

(a) upon the request of the Bond Trustee following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, facilitate a review of the Issuer's accounts by an auditor appointed by the Bond Trustee at the cost of the Issuer, and have satisfactory control systems in place which may also be subject to such review;

(b) do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that the Security Interest created by the Security Documents to which it is a party remains duly created, enforceable and perfected with first priority, at the expense of the Issuer, or the respective security provider (as the case may be);

(c) remain a single purpose company with a sole purpose of owning, operating and maintaining the Rig;

(d) maintain a 100% ownership interest and control over the Rig;

(e) perform and observe all of its covenants and arrangements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents, and not terminate (or agree to any termination), amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under any Project Documents which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) only utilise any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Accounts in accordance with this Bond Agreement, including but not limited to, for the purpose of operating and keeping the Rig in class and good state of maintenance, to cover shortfalls under the cash waterfall described in Clause 13.3.10 above and any payments permitted pursuant to Clause 13.5(a) below; and

(g) at all times maintain a Liquidity of at least the higher of (i) EUR 5 million and (ii) an amount equal to 4% of the Outstanding Bonds.

13.5 Issuer's negative covenants

The Issuer shall not without the prior approval of the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' Meeting:

(a) declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make any loans or similar transactions (including, but not limited to, total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer and cash service of Subordinated Loans) or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its direct or indirect shareholders, except for the Initial Parent Loan repayments, unless:

(i)

the sum of (A) the cash contract value of the remaining firm

contract backlog (excluding options) less the estimated cash

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

31/49
operating expenses until the end of the term of such firm contract backlog; and (B) Liquidity immediately subsequent to such distribution is no less than EUR 80,000,000 and the Loan to Value Ratio immediately before such distribution is no greater than 65%; or

(ii) if the Loan to Value Ratio immediately before such distribution is no greater than 50%, and the remaining firm contract backlog (excluding options) is minimum twelve (12) months with a minimum time charter dayrate of EUR 133,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, only the part of mobilisation fee and other up-front payments which exceed estimated mobilisation cost or other contract specific upgrade and preparation, shall be included in the dayrate calculation); or

(iii) the Loan to Value Ratio immediately before such distribution is no greater than 27.5% and the Issuer has signed a new Charter Contract or an extension of the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract with commencement after the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract;

(b) amend its constitutional documents unless related to issuance of new shares to the Parent in connection with conversion of debt to equity or otherwise, provided that such shares are subject to the Share Pledge;

(c) incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than the Permitted Indebtedness;

(d) create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future assets or revenue or enter into arrangements having a similareffect, other than the Permitted Security;

(e) in respect of the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract (i) dispose of (by operation of law or otherwise) any part of its interest in the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract, (ii) amend, supplement, modify or give any consent under the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract or exercise any material option thereunder, except amendments not having any negative impact on the value of the Rig or value of the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract, or (iii) agree to the cancellation or termination of the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract or take any legal or administrative action that seeks to rescind or terminate the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract, except in the event that it constitutes a substitution of the ConocoPhillips Charter Contract;

(f)

agree to or permit the assignment of any of its rights under the Project

Documents;

(g) enter into any sale and leaseback transactions;

(h) grant any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance to or for the benefit of any party, other than guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to the ownership and employment of its Rig); and

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

32/49

(i)

make any investments or capital expenditures, other than solely related to

the ownership in and operation of the Rig and for any investments related to

the Rig.

13.6 Rig covenants

13.6.1 Insurances

(a) The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig and all relevant equipment are insured against such risks, including but not limited to, hull and machinery, protection and indemnity (including maximum cover for pollution liability as normally adopted by the industry for similar accommodation units), hull interest, freight interest and war risk insurance, and any other industry standard insurances and loss payable clauses of the Rig and equipment related thereto in accordance with the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan or at least similar terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee), and in such amount, as are consistent with prudent business practice and with first class insurers.

(b) The insurable value of the Rig (hull and machinery (including hull interest and freight risk) and war risk) shall be no less than 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents.

(c) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee is noted as first priority mortgagee and loss payee in the insurance contracts, and shall make its best efforts to procure confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee thereof that the notice of assignment with regard to the insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking are executed by the insurers.

(d) Within reasonable time prior to the date of renewal of the relevant insurances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery to the Bond Trustee of a certificate from the insurance broker(s) through whom the insurances refened to in paragraph (a) above have been renewed and taken out in respect of the Rig with insurance values as required by paragraph (b), that such insurances are in full force and effect and that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) has been noted by the relevant insurers.

(e) If any of the insurances referred to in paragraph (a) above have been taken out on conditions other than the Nordic Marine Insurance Plan and/or form part of a fleet cover, the Issuer shall make its best efforts to procure that the insurers undertake to the Bond Trustee that they shall neither set-off against any claims in respect of the Rig any premiums due in respect of other rigs under such fleet cover or any premiums due for other insurances, nor cancel this insurance for reason of non-payment of premium for other rigs under such fleet cover or of premiums for such other insurances, and shall issue a separate policy in respect of the Rig.

(f) The Issuer shall not make any material change to the insurances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above if such change may have a Material Adverse Effect.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

33/49
(g) The Issuer shall at the discretion of the Bond Trustee keep a Mortgagee Interest Insurance or similar insurance (on standard market terms) in an amount equal to at least 120% of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents.

13.6.2 Flag and registry

The Issuer shall not cause the flag, name or registry of the Rig to be changed, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, always provided that such approval will not be required if a change is required and permitted pursuant to the Project Documents and the Security Documents are not impaired.

13.6.3 Inspections

The Issuer shall upon the request of the Bond Trustee arrange for the Bond Trustee (and/or any person appointed by the Bond Trustee) to undertake a technical inspection of the Rig without interference of the daily operation of the Rig and at the expense of the Issuer (however, limited to one (1) yearly inspection at the reasonable expense of the Issuer unless an Event of Default has occurred);

13.6.4 Classification and repairs

(a) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig is classified and maintained in class with the highest possible class notation, free of overdue requirements or recommendations, with DNY (or any other IACS classification society), and at all times comply with the rules and regulations of the relevant class society.

(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig comply with relevant class requirements and is kept in good, safe and efficient condition consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.

13.6.5 Operation o f the Rig

(a) The Issuer shall comply, or procure the compliance in all material respects with the laws or regulations relating to the Rig, its ownership, operation and management or to the business of the Issuer and shall not employ the Rig nor allow its employment:

(i)

in any manner contrary to law or regulation in any relevant

jurisdiction including but not limited to the MODU Code (to the

extent applicable);

(ii) in the event of hostilities in any part of the world (whether war is declared or not), in any zone which is declared a war zone by any government or by the war risk insurers of the Rig unless the Issuer has (at its expense) effected any special, additional or modified insurance cover which shall be necessary or customary for first class rig owners trading rigs within the territorial waters of such country at such time and has provided evidence of such cover to the Bond Trustee; and

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

34/49
(iii) in breach of any Sanctions (it being understood that as per the Issue Date this prohibits (without limitation) employment of the Rig in Cuba, Iran, Libya, Venezuela, Myanmar, North Korea, Sudan and Syria).
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig Manager operates the Rig in accordance with good industry standards and in accordance with its obligations under the relevant Management Agreement(s) and in compliance with the terms thereof and the Security Documents.
13.6.6 Compliance with laws, treaties and conventions
The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig shall at all times in all material respects comply with and be operated in conformity with all the laws and regulations, treaties and conventions from time to time applicable to the classification society, the relevant ship registry or the Rig in any jurisdiction where the Rig may operate from time to time, including relevant acknowledgement of compliance or similar governmental or official acknowledgements or undertakings.
14 FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

35/49
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

15.1.1 Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

15.1.2 Breach o f other obligations

The Issuer or the Parent does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.3 Cross default

If for the Issuer or the Parent:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

36/49
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of EUR 4,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

15.1.4 Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.5 Insolvency

(i)

The Issuer or the Parent is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they

fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of

actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one

or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(ii) The value of the assets of the Issuer is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities, but excluding any liability in respect of any Subordinated Loans).

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer or the Parent.

15.1.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If for the Issuer or the Parent, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent

liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph 15.1.6 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

15.1.7 Creditors 'process

37/49

The Issuer or the Parent has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

15.1.8 Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer or the Parent to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.9 Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take eveiy measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.3.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

38/49
16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in wilting to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

39/49
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

40/49
16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not foim a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

41/49
this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

42/49

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee (including in its capacity as Security Agent) is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders, the Issuer or the Parent as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer or the Parent.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b)), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change of Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

43/49
Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and the Parent and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 MISCELLANEOUS

18.1 The community of Bondholders

By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

44/49
of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Bond Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Bond Defeasance"):
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;
(b) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:
(a) the Issuer and the Parent shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;
(b) the Issuer and the Parent shall not take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, , and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;
(c) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and
L_4982013_V1 103123-020

45/49
(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation of claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.4.3

Upon written request from a Bondholder to the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, regulation and the relevant documents and within a reasonable time (and always subject to capacity of the Bond Trustee and the payment of a reasonable fee to the Bond Trustee), provide such Bondholder with a copy of any Finance Documents, Project Documents or any other statements, certificates, or legal opinions that the Bond Trustee has requested and received in relation to the Bond Issue and which it has in its possession.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

46/49
Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer and/or the Parent shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Parent, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer and the Parent, shall, subject to paragraph

L,,4982013_V1 103123-020

47/49
18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two three (3) originals, of which the Issuer, the Parent and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

J e o n O l«
By: PoA Position:

By:

6

Position:

Parent
By: ?0A
Position: C ^ O

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

Attachment 1

48/49

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +4722 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
JACKTEL AS BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2016 - ISIN 001 0714561
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Tmstee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],
Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied; and
3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement.
Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Jacktel AS

Name o f authorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation\

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

Attachment 2

49/49

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: +4722 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
JACKTEL AS BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2019 - ISIN 001 0714561
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Jacktel AS

Name o f authorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

L_4982013_V1 103123-020

