Execution copy

ISINNO 001 0599194

BOND AGREEMENT between
Metallkraft AS (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue Zero Coupon Metallkraft AS Senior Unsecured Callable Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2014
T jj*n

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous
Attachment 1 - Convertible provisions Attachment 2 - Conversion Notice

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
3
78
11
1112
13 16 16 17 20 12 12 26 15 17 19 21

Norsk Tillilsiiiiuiii ASA

reement has been entered into on 25 January 2011 between:

(1)

M ETALLKRAFT AS, (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No,

980 464 903) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, (a company incorporated in Norway with

Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

/,/ Definitions In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register,

"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to

which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the

parties.

_________

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.

"Bondholders' M eeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open,

"Business Day Convention" means the applicable business day convention for this Bond Issue {No Adjustments o f Business Day), stating that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, any payments will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.

"Conversion Date" means the date set forth in Clause A of Attachment 1.

"Conversion Notice" means a notice of exercise of the Conversion Right in the form enclosed as Attachment 2.

"Conversion Price" means the price set forth in Clause A of Attachment l,

3

Norsk Tillilsmnnn ASA
"Conversion R ight" means the light of each Bondholder to convert its Bonds into Shares as set forth in Clause A of Attachment 1.
"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15,1,
"Exercise Period" means the period set forth in Clause A of Attachment 1,
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement and (ii) any other document which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors,
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country irt; which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"G roup" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, each a "G roup Company".
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue D ate" means on or about 26 January 2011.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence,
"Loan" means this convertible loan as defined in Clause 2,2 (equal to the aggregate nominal value of the Bonds on the Issue Date).
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, or (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement,
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"M aterial Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets, represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated assets of the Group,
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated net sales of the Groups or
(iii) any other.Subsidiary to which is transferred either (a) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (b) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be),
"M aturity D ate'*means 4 August 2014 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"M etallkraft International'*means Metallkraft International AS, incorporate in Norway with company no 991 825 819, the wholly of Subsidiary of the Issuer, and the Group Company which holds all issued shares' issued by Metallkraft Yangzhou Co, Ltd. (a company registered in the Peoples Republic of China with company no 0504952) ("M etallkraft Yangzhou").
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"O riginal Convertible Bond" means the " 12 per cent Metallkraft AS Senior Secured Convertible Bond Issue 2010/2013" with ISIN NO 001 0550148 entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on 28 January 2010 as amended from time to time,
"O utstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying and conversion agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment of principal.
"Preference Shares" means shares prior to completion of the Transaction belonging to the class of shares issued by the Issuer and referred to in the articles of association as "Preference Shares" (Norwegian: "Preferanseoksjer").
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.

Norsk Tillltsmnnn ASA
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bonds are registered.
"Semi-annual Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of 30 June each year, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Shares" means ordinary shares of the Issuer.
"Subsidiaries" means the Issuer's subsidiaries (directly or indirectly owned) including but not limited to:
(a) Metallkraft International AS, a company incorporated in Norway with registration number 991 825 819;
(b) Metallkraft Yangzhou Co. Ltd, a company incorporated in the Peoples Republic of China with registration number 0504952;
(c) Metallkraft International II AS, a company incorporated in Norway with registration number 993 129 763; and
(d) Metallkraft Singapore pte. Ltd., company incorporated in Singapore with registration number 200816740R.
"Transaction" means the re-organisation of the capital structure of the Issuer to be completed on or about the Conversion Date, which involves inter alia (i) consolidation of the Issuer's share classes by converting each Preference Share into one ordinary Share, (ii) issuance of 3.7892 adjustment warrants per Preference Shares to the holders of Preference Shares, each such warrant exercisable for one Share, and (iii) issuance of the Bonds to the bondholders in the Original Convertible Bond as payment of the interest payment due on 4 February 2011, (iv) a Share offering in the amount of NOK 41,408,742 with pre-emptive rights for the Issuer's existing shareholders (including Shares deriving from exercise of the Conversion Right within the Exercise Period) to subscribe for new Shares.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S, Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds,
1.2 Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise, requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments arid other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

Nor.sk Tlllitsmiinn ASA

(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and
(h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality),

2

Tile Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their Subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as the initial Bondholders by their subscriptions have granted authority to the Bond Trustee tb finalise and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf while all Bond transfers are Subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer, The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1

The Issuer has resolved to issue a Series of Bonds in the amount of NOK 16,800,000 (Norwegian kroner sixteen million eight hundred thousand) (the "Loan"), being equal to the interest payment due on 4 February 2011 under the Original Convertible Bond.

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1 each (par value for each Bond) and shall rank pari passu among themselves,

The Bond Issue will be described as "Zero Coupon Metallkraft AS Senior Unsecured Callable Convertible Bond Issue 2011/2014".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0599194,

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The Bonds Issue constitutes payment by the Issuer of the interest payment due under the Original Convertible Bond on 4 February 2011.

7

Norsk Tillitsnmnn ASA

2,4 Convertible provisions
2.4,1 The Bonds are convertible into Shares issued by the Issuer on the terms and conditions set out in Attachment 1 hereto.

3

Listing

3.1 The Bonds shall not be listed.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers

5.1.1

The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers'' (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by (he Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.

5.1.2 The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.

5.2

Transfer restrictions

5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed oil Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be

8

Norsk Tillltsinnnn ASA

subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

5.2.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

6

Conditions Precedent

6 .1 The Bonds will be issued subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by the persons authorised by the certificate of registration or other relevant documentation;
(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) the agreement set forth in Clause 14,2, duly executed;
(d) evidence that that all necessary resolutions for approval and completion of the Transaction have been passed by the bondholders' meeting of the Original Convertible Bond; and
(e) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1 having been met or waived, the Bonds will be issued on the Issue Date.
6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.4 Issue of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer and any manager appointed for settlement of the Bond Issue that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

9

Norsk TillUsninnn ASA

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer hereby repeats the representations and warranties set out in clause 7 in the bond agreement for the Original Convertible Bond (save for 7.1 (r) relating to the then most recently updated business plan),

8

Status of the Bonds

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior unsecured debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank pari passu among themselves and with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay no interest on the par value of the Bonds, save for any interest in the event of late payments in accordance with Clause 11.4.

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption
10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer,
10.2 Early redemption In the event that the Transaction has not been completed in all material respects within the Conversion Date, the Bonds shall become due and payable two (2) Business Days following the day it becomes clear that the Transaction will not be completed. In such event, the Bonds shall be repaid at par (100%) together with any interest accrued at the rate set out in Clause 11.4 calculated from 4 February 2011 to the date payment is made.
10.2 Prepayment The Issuer may elect to prepay the Bonds at par (100%) on any date from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, In the event the Issuer elects to prepay the Bonds, the Bondholders shall receive a written notice thereof no later than ten (10) Business Days before the relevant prepayment date,

10

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securilies account in the Securities Register,

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1 If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the
________Bondholders' bank and the Payin g Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and_____ payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register,

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-off and counterclaims
11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

/ 1.4 Interest in the event o f late payment
11.4.1 In the event that payment of principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate of 5 per cent per annum.
11.4.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.

Norsk Tillitsmnrin ASA

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In ease of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or any Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds), TheTssuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force front the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands
or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

·(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(d) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(e) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(f) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

#7

Norsk Tilliisnmnn ASA

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The- Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Continuation o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries shall not, cease to carry out its business.

The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated on the date of this Bond Agreement. _____________

(c) Disposal o f business and Subsidiaries The Issuer shall:

(i) not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party;

(ii) retain and maintain, directly or indirectly, 100% of the equity ownership and the votes that may ordinarily be cast on a general meeting of shareholders of Metallkraft International and Metallkraft Yangzhou respectively; and

(iii) not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations,

If any of these events (i). (ii) or (iii) would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4 Corporate and operational matters

(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act of 1997.

(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group) (ii) any director or senior member of

13

Norsk Tillilsinann ASA

management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(c) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary shall, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.

(d) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

(e) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:

(i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and

(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

J3.5 Preservation o f equity

13.5J

Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including, but not limited to, repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity).

14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.

14
\,

Norsk TillHsmnnii ASA

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by tire Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Loan may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within five (5) Business Days following the original due date,

(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee,

(cj Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(d) Insolvency If for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, any of the following events are initiated:

(i) a suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

15

Norsk Tillitsm nnn ASA

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,

(e) Creditors'process The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets,

(f) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

______(g) L i t i g a t i o n ____ ___ _____________ ________

___________

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or

administrative proceedings against the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary which

might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after

consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued costs to be in default and due for payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

16

Norsk Tlllitsnmnu ASA

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub-clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub-clause (b) above,
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders ' meeting

16.1.1 The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders ______community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of____
the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16,2 Procedural rules fo r Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds, or (c) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee, A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summon the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

17

fH£' f L -

Norsk Tillitsnmnn ASA

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Band Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall stale the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman of the meeting and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor, In case of dispute the Bond Trustee shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting,

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall have'the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting

18

Norsk Tlllitsmann ASA

completed,

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16,3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting _______ are properly implemented.________________ ___________________________ ____

16.3.8 The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16,3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters, The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4,2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal, inform the Bondholders and the Paying Agent of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

19

Norsk Tlllilsmnnri ASA

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders, Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee, Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not Teach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

11 .1.6 The Bond Trustee niay not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer and the Bondholders shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents,

20

Norsk Tillilsimmn ASA

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new bond trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee's duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable,

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

18

Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to carry out its functions and obligations of this
Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (V) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Limitation o f claims
18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, shall be subject to the lime-bur provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No, 18.

21

Norsk Tillitsm ann ASA
18,3 Amendments and waivers
18.3.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.
18.4.2 All waivers of any covenant in the Original Convertible Bonds shall apply correspondingly to the covenants pursuant to this Bond Agreement, however, provided that bonds in the Original Convertible Bond are still outstanding.
18.5 Notices, contact information
18.5.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.
18.5.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee.
T8;5i3""" Unless'btherwise specifically'^pfdvidedrallnoticeaor other comnTumcatioffsTindef^F in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows;
(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant parly; (b) if by telefax, when received.
However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place,
18.5.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
18.6 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.6.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
18.6.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue. *****
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

M'etallkraft AS

Bond Trustee

B Y.S& O C .

.............. By

/ f GW fv(TA

KvuA

% w(u/r

23

Norsk TIUltsmimn ASA

Attachment 1 - Conversion provisions

A

Deiinitions

"Conversion Date" means on or about 28 February 2011, or on such other date agreed for the completion of the Transaction subject to the Conversion Right having been exercised within the Exercise Period.

"Conversion Price" means NOK 3.816278883, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses C and D.

"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert the Bonds into Shares at the Conversion Price, always subject to Clauses B and C.

"Exercise Period" means the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending on 8 February 2011 at 5:00 pm CET during which the Conversion Rights may be exercised,

B

Conversion terms

B,1 Each Bondholder may exercise one or more of his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during the Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the Conversion Date has the right to own Shares under the applicable law and that notification thereof is given pursuant to Clause B.4.

B.2 The Conversion Right cannot be separated from the Bond.

B.3 The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clauses C and D.

B.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed Conversion Notice,

Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Manager of the number of Bonds which shall be converted, The Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall carry the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date.

Conversion will be effected by a set-off of the total nominal value of the Bonds (at 100% of par) to be converted against the issuing of the whole number of Shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price.

B.5 The Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:

(a) the share capital increase is registered in the company register as soon as possible,

(b) the Outstanding Bonds are being written down within the Conversion Date, and //

24

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

(c) Shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Register on the Conversion Date.

If the share capital increase is not registered in the company register at the Conversion Date, the Issuer shall ensure that the shares following the conversion shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Register (with temporary ISIN).

B.6 Shares issued upon conversion give rights in the Issuer as of the registration of the share capital increase in the company register, unless the general meeting of the Issuer has resolved differently.

C

Adjustment of the Conversion Price

C. 1 If the general meeting of the Issuer resolves changes in the Issuer's share capital and/or the par value of the Shares prior to Conversion Date, save for such changes to the capital structure being part of the Transaction, the following shall apply:

(i) If the Issuer resolves a split of the nominal value of the Shares, the Conversion Right shall - to the extent possible - be extended to a proportional amount of the new shares.

Til) TTthe IssuerTesolves a reduction of the nominal value of the Shares, the Conversion Right shall comprise the same amount of shares with the reduced nominal value.

(iii) If the Issuer resolves an increase in the share capital without subscription and with an increase in the nominal value of the Shares, the Conversion Right shall comprise the original number of shares with the increased nominal value,

(iv) If the Issuer resolves an increase in the share capital without subscription and with issue of new Shares, the Conversion Right shall be extended Lo a proportional number of the new Shares.

(v) If the Issuer makes dividend payments to its shareholders, the Conversion Price shall be reduced with an amount equal to the amount paid per Share.

(vi) If changes are made in the share capital or any other act takes place other than those mentioned in this (i)-(v) above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the shareholders, the Bondholders and the Issuer shall agree on anew Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders. The principles expressed in (i)-(v) above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this item (vi).

25 X

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Attachment 2 - Conversion Notice

To: From: Date: Copy:

___________________________
(name of bondholder's account manager)
___________________________

SEB Enskilda AS

Attention: Christian Dethloff / Kristoffer Jordheim

Facsimile: +47 21 00 89 06

E-mail:

christian.dethloff@enskilda.no /

ckristoffer.j ordheim @enskilda. no

Metallkraft AS

Attention: Jens Ove Kiev

E-mail:

jens.ove.klev@metallkraft.no

Conversion Notice - Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds 2011/2014
Reference is made to the bond agreement for the NOK 16,800,000 Zero Coupon Convertible Bonds 2011/2014 dated 25 January 2011 (the "Bond Agreement") between Metallkraft AS and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (on behalf of the Bondholders). All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Bond Agreement. You are hereby irrevocably notified that Ewe hold the following number of Bonds and wish to convert such Bonds to Shares in Metallkraft AS pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Bond Agreement:
N O K P rin cip a l A m o u n t o l B o n d s V I'S o r E u ro c le a r a ccoiin t(.s) (M u st b e filled in )

Ewe hereby authorise you, in your capacity as my/our account manager, to instruct DnB NOR Bank ASA as paying agent to debit the relevant VPS or Euroclear account(s), to transfer new Shares to the relevant VPS or Euroclear account(s)s, and to do all other acts and things necessary for the purpose of settlement in accordance with this Conversion Notice.

Name

Date and Place

Binding signature

Telephone daytime

