Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Note Loan Agreement FIX
This Loan Agreement (the Agreement) has been entered into between the issuer and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee. The Issuer may under the Agreement issue notes on the term s below (the Loan), Subscribers to the Loan (the Noteholders) are presumed to have familiarised themselves with all documents necessary to evaluate the Issuer and the terms of the Loan. The Agreement, the Issuer's Annual Reports and interim reports and Articles of Association, as wel! as other general information about the Issuer, are possib y available at the issuer's website and are also available on request to the Issuer. The Noteholders are, by their subscription, bound by the terms of the Agreement, as are Noteholders who acquire Notes in the secondary market. The Loan Trustee is authorised to act on behalf of the Noteholders to the extent provided for in the Agreement, The individual Noteholder may not of its own accord seek indemnity for its Note(s) directly from the Issuer.

issuer: Company Number: ISIN: Issuer's website: Loan Trustee: Total aggregate amount of Notes:
Denomination:
Issue price: Disbursement date: The Loan carries interest from and including: | interest rate:
j interest convention: Call:
Cal! price: Due date interest and principal: Payment Date: Interest on overdue payments: Manager: Paying Agent: Date of Agreement: Applied for listing: Exchange:
Status of the Loan:
Group Covenants:

Aker Floating Production ASA 989 628 615 NO 001 037824.3 www.akerffoatingproduction.com Norsk Tiiiitsmann ASA (Company No 963 342 624) USD 200,000,000 (US Dollar twohundredmillion) The Issuer may, with the written consent of the Loan Trustee, increase the aggregate amount of the Loan. USD 100,000 (US Dollar one hundred thousand), ranking pari passu among themselves 100% 5 July 2007 Disbursement date
8.13932 p.a.
Actual days/365 The Issuer has the right to call the entire Loan on 3 April 2008 at the Call Price with at least 14 Banking Days notice to the Noteholders (via VPS) and the Loan Trustee. 101% of par value plus accrued interest
3 July 2008 (principal due at par (100%))
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment of interest or principal
According to the Norwegian act relating to interest on overdue payments 1976 No. 100 DnB NOR Markets
DnB NOR Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice
3 July 2007
Yes. An application for the Loan to be listed on ABM will be made.
Securities Exchange or other approved market place for securities with satisfactory requirements to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing. Senior unsecured. The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other unsecured senior debt of the Issuer. the Issuer and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries.
During the tenor of the Loan, the Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains Equity of minimum USD 200 million.
The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Loan Trustee or, where necessary, the Noteholders' meeting:
a) cease to carry on its business, b) during the tenor of the loan, make or declare any dividend payment,
reduction of share capital, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with a similar effect, i.e, total return swap) or other
Page 1 of 4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

| Definitions:

distributions or loans to its shareholders, c) sel! or dispose of all or a substantia! part of its operations (unless this
is made to another company within the Group) or change the nature of its business which might jeopardize the issuer's fulfilment of its _____ obligations under this Loan Agreement. ........ ....... th e above terms shall have the Following meanings:

IFRS: means International Financial Reporting Standards

Equity: means the aggregate consolidated book value of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS.

The Issuer has the right to hold Own Notes in the Loan (i.e.Notes held by the issuer, or any party controlled by the Issuer, or who has control over the Issuer) and to write down the Loan with Own Notes.
2. The purpose of the Loan is bridge financing to bank financing. The Issuer warrants that all information presented in
connection with the Loan is correct, and that no conditions that could have a substantial effect on the Issuer's financial situation have been withheld, and that the necessary approval from governmental authorities and corporate resolution required to establish the Loan have been obtained. The Issuer undertakes to provide the documentation and information required in order for the Loan Trustee to carry out its obligations under the terms of the Agreement, including to notify the Loan Trustee of any general notice to creditors and any situation amounting to default on the Agreement. By signing the Agreement the Loan Trustee confirms that the necessary documentation in connection with the issuance has been provided and submitted the Loan Trustee (i.a. the Agreement duly executed, necessary corporate resolutions, certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles of Association, the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group).

3. The Issuer is responsible for the registration of the Loan in a securities' depository prior to the issuance of the Notes, and to ensure that a separate account is maintained for the Notes/Loan in accordance with the terms of the Securities Depository Act. The Issuer shall cover all expenses arising Torn the issue, including remuneration to the Loan Trustee. In addition the Loan Trustee's fee, the issuer undertakes on request to indemnify the Loan Trustee for ail extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee ir- connection with the Loan, including summoning and holding Noteholders' meeting(s). The Noteholders shall cover any public taxes and duties on trading Notes in the secondary market, unless otherwise is provided for by law or regulations.

4.

The Loan may be declared to be in default should

(a) The Issuer fail to pay any interest and/or principal due on the maturity date, unless the failure is remedied within

five banking days following the failure, and it is obvious to the Loan Trustee that the failure will be remedied withi

this time.

(b) The Issuer fail to duly perform any of other materia! obligations pursuant to the Agreement unless, in the opinion

of the Loan Trustee, such failure can be remedied, and is remedied within ten banking days after the Issuer

became aware of the failure,

(c) One or more of the a member of the Group's other substantial loan obligations or financial guarantees is

declared due and payable by reason of an acceleration of a default by such member of the Group and this

results in a substantial weakening of the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the terms of the

Agreement.

(d) The Issuer enter into voluntary debt negotiations, bankruptcy, be under public administration or a

substantial part of the assets of the Issuer be impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint.

(e) The issuer makes incorrect representations or warranties, which are or may be materially significant to the

Issuers obligations under the terms of the Agreement.

5. The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor Noteholders' interests and rights with respect to the Issuer. In performing Its functions as Loan Trustee, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall be liable to compensate Noteholders for financial losses suffered by the Noteholders as a result of negligence by the Loan Trustee in performing its obligations under the Agreement. The Issuer shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for financial losses suffered through its acting in accordance with warranties and representations made by the Issuer.
6. in the event that the Issuer is in default, the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Noteholders take every measure necessary to recover the Loan. In the event that circumstances for default are evident, the Loan Trustee shall declare the Loan to be in default and due for redemption should: (a) The Loan Trustee receive a written demand to this respect from Noteholders representing at least 1/5 of the Loan less Own Notes ("Outstanding Loan") and the Noteholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions or (b) the Noteholders' meeting has resolved to declare the Loan in default and due for payment. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from the Noteholders who have presented the demand to declare the Loan to be in default pursuant to paragraph (a) above and/or from those who voted for the resolution in paragraph (b). in the event
Page 2 of 4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms declares the Loan to be in default, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver written notice to the Issuer, demanding repayment of the Loan including interest, interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
7. To the extent that creditors' resolution/consent is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Noteholders' meeting may reach decisions in all questions concerning the Loan. The Loan Trustee may in the following matters reach decisions that are binding upon the Noteholders: (a) approval of actions that are subject to notice to creditors, or (b) make decisions, or amend the Agreement, in matters that are of minor importance to the Noteholders' rights under the Agreement. The Loan Trustee may reach decisions that are binding upon the Noteholders in matters other than those mentioned in Clause 6 (a) and (b) provided the Noteholders are notified in advance in writing through a securities' depository. The matter shall be referred to a Noteholders' meeting if the Loan Trustee receives a written protest against the proposal from any Noteholder within five banking days of the dispatch of the written notification. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the Loan Trustee's opinion of it. The Loan Trustee is free to submit any matters to the Noteholders' meeting. The Noteholders' meeting /Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decisions. The Noteholders' meeting/Loan Trustee cannot pass any resolutions that are liable to give certain Noteholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Noteholders. The Loan Trustee has the right and the obligation to hr plement all decisions validly made by the Noteholders' meeting. The Issuer, Noteholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Oslo Exchanges shall be notified of such resolutions as soon as possible.
8. Noteholders' meetings are held at the request of the Issuer, Loan Trustee or Noteholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan. Requests to summon a Noteholders' meeting shall be made in writing to the Loan Trustee and clearly state the matters to be discussed. The Loan Trustee shall summon the Noteholders' meeting. Simultaneously with a decision to summon a Noteholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the issuer refrain from reducing its holding of Own Notes. The summons to a Noteholders' meeting shall be dispatched at least five banking days prior to the date of the meeting. T ie summons shall be in the form of a written notification to each Noteholder through a securities'depository, and include a print out stating the number of Notes held by the Noteholder at the time the print out is made. The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Noteholders' meeting. The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters stated in the summons. Noteholders, the Issuer, the Loan Trustee and -- If the Loan is listed - representatives from the Oslo Exchanges have the right to attend a Noteholders' meeting. The Noteholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. Participants in the meeting have the right to meet with an adviser and/or by proxy. The meeting shall be held at premises designated by the Loan Trustee. The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee unless the Noteholders' meeting decides otherwise. The minutes of the meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall indicate which Noteholders were present - ir person or by proxy - and how many votes each may cast. Furthermore, the minutes shal! record the decisions made at the meeting by including the result of the vote. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Noteholders or proxies elected by the Noteholders' meeting. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Noteholders.
9. At the Noteholders' meeting, each Noteholder has one vote for each Note owned. The notification of the number of Notes held in the Loan (print out), which was sent to each Noteholder -through a securities' depository with the summons to the meeting, serves as proof of ownership of the Notes and of each Noteholder's right to vote. In the event that Notes have been transferred subsequent to the date of the print out, the new Noteholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print out, endorsed so ss to document the transfer. Own Notes do not carry voting rights and are not taken into account, in case m doubt, the Noteholders' meeting decides which Noteholders may vote, and how many votes each may cast, in order for the Noteholders' meeting to make valid decisions, Noteholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented. Simple majority may pass valid resolutions. Change of the Loan Trustee, issuer, amendments to the terms of the Agreement concerning interest and maturity, and corporate or business changes in the Issuer which are of significant importance to the fulfilment of the Agreement require a majority vote in favour of 2/3 of the Notes represented at the meeting in order to pass the resolution, in all matters where unanimity is not attained, voting shall be in writing and the number of votes recorded in the minutes of the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Noteholder or proxy. In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan is represented at the Noteholders' meeting, valid resolutions may not be passed at the first Noteholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. Should it be necessary to summons a second Noteholders' meeting in order to reach a valid decision, ths latter meeting may not be summoned until the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall include a record of participation and voting results of the first Noteholders' meeting. Valid resolutions with respect to matters put to a second Noteholders' meeting, may be passed according to the voting rules set forth above, also in the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan is represented at the meeting.
Page 3 of 4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10. Disputes that should arise shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian Law, and by Norwegian court at the legal venue of the Loan Trustee. Oslo, 3 July 2007
Page 4 of

