EXECUTION VERSION
BOND TERMS FOR
Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S FRN Senior Secured EUR 100,000,000 Bonds 2017/2022
ISIN NO 001 0788920

EXECUTION VERSION

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION..................................................................................................................3 2. THE B O N D S.............................................................................................................................21 3. THE BONDHOLDERS........................................................................................................... 23 4. ADMISSION TO L IST IN G ................................................................................................... 24 5. REGISTRATION OF THE B O N D S..................................................................................... 24 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT...............................................................................25 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W A RRA N TIES....................................................................29 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE B O N D S.................................................................... 31 9. INTEREST................................................................................................................................ 33 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF B O N D S .......................................................... 34 11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS...................................................................... 36 12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS................................................................................... 36 13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS.......................................................... 38 14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE B O N D S........................... 42 15. BONDHOLDERS' D EC ISIO N S...........................................................................................45 16. THE BOND TRUSTEE........................................................................................................... 49 17. AMENDMENTS AND W A IV ER S.......................................................................................55 18. M ISCELLANEOUS.................................................................................................................55 19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION....................................................................... 57

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNTS SCHEDULE 3 EXISTING FACILITIES

2 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

BOND TERMS

ISSUER:

Jacob Holm & Sonner Holding A/S, a company existing under the laws of Denmark with registration number 28156960; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624.

DATED:

29 March 2017

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Additional Bonds" means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.

"Affiliate" means, in relation to any specified person:

(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of the specified person;

(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over the specified person (directly or indirectly); and

(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over the specified person.

"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.

"Bank Commitments" means the current commitment of each of the Existing Facilities as set out in the fifth column of the table in Schedule 3 (Existing Facilities).

"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments hereto which shall form an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.

3 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a Person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions).
"Bond Escrow Account" means a blocked CSD escrow account in the name of the Issuer, to which the Roll-Over Bonds will be credited. The Bond Escrow Account shall be pledged to the Bond Trustee on behalf of the holders of Temporary Bonds under the Bond Escrow Account Pledge.
"Bond Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Bond Escrow Account and any securities credited to the Bond Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the holders of the Temporary Bonds).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including any Temporary Bonds and any Additional Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system and TARGET2 is open for settlement.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary Redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, at any time:
(a) cash at hand or on deposit with a reputable bank (including, in relation to the Initial Bond Issue or a Tap Issue, prior to release of funds from the Escrow Account relating to the Initial Bond Issue or any such Tap Issue, the amounts deposited on such Escrow Account);
(b) certificates of deposit or marketable debt securities maturing within one (1) year after the relevant date of calculation and issued by a reputable bank;
(c) certificates, securities and bonds having a debt rating of at least BBB- by Standard & Poor's Rating Agencies or at least Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service Inc.;
4 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(d) the Bonds; and
(e) certificates, securities and bonds approved by the Bond Trustee,
in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at that time and has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any security. A "reputable bank" for the purpose of this definition is a commercial bank or trust company which has a short term debt rating of at least A1 by Standard & Poor's Rating Agencies or at least P-1 by Moody's Investor Services.
"Cash Equivalents" means the cash equivalents referred to in paragraphs (b) through (e) of the definition of "Cash and Cash Equivalents" in this Clause 1.1 (Definitions).
"Change of Control Event" means any event where:
(a) any Person or group of Persons acting in concert, other than Poul M. Mikkelsen, his wife, any of his children or grandchildren (individually or collectively or any entity over which any of these individuals have Decisive Influence), are gaining Decisive Influence over the Parent; or
(b) the Parent cease to control the Issuer (directly or indirectly) 100 per cent.
"Commerzbank Facilities" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Schedule 3 (Existing Facilities) to these Bond Terms.
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Schedule 1 (Compliance Certificate) hereto.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA.
"Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another Person (directly or indirectly):
(a) the majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or
(b) the right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other Person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" means (a) payment of dividend on shares, (b) repurchase of own shares, (c) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (d) repayment of any New Shareholder Injections, or (e) any other similar distribution or transfer of value to the direct and indirect shareholders of any Group Company or the Affiliates of such indirect shareholders.
5 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"EBITDA" means:
(a) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and Special Items of the Group; plus
(b) the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and Special Items of any entities owned by any Group Company which do not form part of the Group.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, with an acceptable bank located in Norway, blocked and pledged on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"EUR" means the single currency unit of the Participating Member States.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 (Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means:
(a) the Oslo Stock Exchange (No: Oslo Børs); or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Existing Bondholders" means each of the bondholders registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of any Existing Bonds.
"Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over" means those of the Existing Bondholders which participate in the Initial Bond Issue by settlement in kind against their Existing Bonds for Bonds (valued at par value) by application of the Prevailing Rate (on the date of allocation of Bonds in the Initial Bond Issue).
"Existing Bonds" means FRN Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S Senior Secured Callable Bonds 2014/2019 (with ISIN NO 0010708332) issued by the Issuer pursuant to the bond agreement dated 3 April 2014 as amended from time to time between, inter alia, the Issuer as issuer, the Parent as parent and guarantor and Nordic Trustee ASA as bond trustee on behalf of the Existing Bondholders. "Existing Bonds Call Option" means the call option for redemption of the Existing Bonds.
6 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Existing Facilities" means the existing Financial Indebtedness (or the equivalent in any other currency) of the Group (together with accrued interest) listed in the table in Schedule 3 (Existing Facilities), in no event to exceed its respective Bank Commitments and any related hedging thereto, and any New Bank Facility.
"Existing Security" means any existing security interests established under or in connection with the Existing Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Agreement, any Transaction Security Document, any Security Agent Agreement, and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed and debt balances at banks or other financial institutions;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP as applicable on the Issue Date, be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(i) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (i) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (ii) the
7 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days after the date of supply;
(j) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (j) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in September 2019.
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Ge. Bund or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the German Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one (l) year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one (1) year shall be used.
"Group" means the Parent and all its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any Person which is a member of the Group.
"Guarantee" means, to the extent legally and practically possible, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantees (No. "selvskyldnerkausjon"), or the corresponding guarantee under other applicable law to the extent made by a Guarantor which is not a Norwegian legal entity, from each of the Guarantors, which shall constitute senior obligations of each Guarantor.
"Guarantor" means each of:
(a) the Parent;
8 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

(b) Jacob Holm & Sonner A/S (a company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with registration number 13868611);
(c) Sontara AG (a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with registration number CHE 481.805.825);
(d) Sontara Old Hickory Inc. (a company incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware, identification number 141055124);
(e) Sontara Asturias S.A.U. (a company registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid under volume 31.757, page 219, and sheet M-571418);
(f) any other Group Company (if such qualifies as an Operating Company and is not a Restricted Company); and
(g) any other Group Company (including any of the Restricted Companies), which from time to time, with the prior consent of the Issuer, elects to become a guarantor.
Notwithstanding the fact that any Restricted Company may qualify as an Operating Company, no such Restricted Company shall be required to be or become a Guarantor, nor shall any security be granted over any of that Restricted Company's assets.
"Incurrence Event" means any event contemplated by paragraph (a) of the definition of "Permitted Distributions" and/or incurrence of new Financial Indebtedness (by way of a Tap Issue or refinancing of or incurring New Financial Indebtedness under any Existing Facility).
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.13 (Incurrence Test).
"Incurrence Testing Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.13 (Incurrence Test) paragraph (b)(i).
"Incurrence Test Grid" means, upon the occurrence of an Incurrence Event, an increase of the Margin as set out opposite the relevant "Increase in Leverage Ratio from Incurrence Test" in the table in paragraph (a) below (the "Margin Increase"), and which Margin Increase shall take effect from the preceding Interest Payment Date (the "Margin Adjustment Date") up until the Maturity Date, provided that the Leverage Ratio is in excess of 3.5x on the relevant testing date and within the levels below of "Maximum Incurrence test" for the relevant year as set out in the table in paragraph (b) below.
(a) Margin increase

Increase in Leverage Ratio from Incurrence Test

M argin Increase

2.00x-1.75x

1.00%

1.74x-1.50x

0.875%

1.49x-1.25x

0.75%

9 (62)

Increase in Leverage Ratio from Incurrence Test 1.24x-1.00x 0.99x-0.75x 0.74x-0.50x 0.49x-0.25x 0.24x-0.01x

EXECUTION VERSION
M argin Increase 0.625% 0.50% 0.375% 0.25% 0.125%

(b) Maximum Incurrence test
Year (after the Issue Date)
M aximum Incurrence test

1 and 2 5.50x

3 and 4 5.00x

5 4.50x

Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall be permitted (at the earliest six (6) months after the relevant Margin Adjustment Date or later) to demand a reset of the Margin to its original level if the Issuer can demonstrate in a Compliance Certificate (supported by any additional documentation that the Bond Trustee may reasonably require) that the Leverage Ratio is equal to or lower than 3.50x. Any such adjustment of the Margin shall be effective from the preceding Interest Payment Date. The Bondholders shall promptly (by a notice on the website www.stamdata.no) be made aware of any adjustment of the Margin set out herein
Notwithstanding the above, no Margin Increase will apply (if relevant under the Incurrence Test Grid) in relation to a refinancing of the MUSD 17 Facility, including by way of a New Bank Facility prior to 30 June 2017.
"Initial Bond Issue" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in paragraph (c) of Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a Person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main

10 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intellectual Property" means any patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, database rights, rights to source code, design rights, domain names, inventions, confidential information, knowhow and other intellectual property rights and interests, whether registered or unregistered and the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets of each member of the Group.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan made by a Group Company to (a) a Guarantor or a Restricted Company (not including any Financial Indebtedness under any cash pooling arrangement of the Group) where (i) the term of the loan is in excess of one (1) year, (ii) the amount is in excess of EUR 500,000, and (iii) which shall be fully subordinated to any payment obligations arising under the Finance Documents, and (b) to a Restricted Company for the purpose of financing in whole or in parts any acquisition.
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 30 June 2017 (provided however that the Issuer may select that such first Interest Period is prolonged until the second relevant Interest Payment Date falling after the Issue Date) and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statement of the Issuer (for the first three (3) months of any financial year only), prepared in accordance with GAAP.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 31 March 2017.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Total Net Debt to EBITDA calculated for the Relevant Period.
11 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Liquidity" means the sum of any unrestricted (a) amount available to the Group under any committed or uncommitted credit facility or any other financing arrangement which has not been utilized or cancelled in full and (b) Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Listing Failure Event" means:
(a) that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within nine (9) months following the Issue Date, or
(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of six (6) months has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange.
"Longstop Date" means the date that falls ninety (90) Business Days after the Issue Date, or, in respect of any Tap Issue, after the issue date in respect of that Tap Issue.
"Make-Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points above the comparable Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining Macaulay duration of the Bonds from the Call Option Repayment Date until the First Call Date using linear interpolation), and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall equal the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin (however so that the interest rate can never fall below the Margin).
"Manager" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) who acts as manager for the Initial Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 3.75 per cent, as adjusted pursuant to the Incurrence Test Grid.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents, or
(b) subject to standard qualifications and reservations in legal opinions, the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 31 March 2022, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination, ISINand tenor).
12 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Mid-Swap Rate" means the linearly interpolated Reference Rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period on the day of computation of the Government Bond Rate, or, if such is not quoted, the mid-swap rate for the leading banks in the relevant interbank market, based on the last quoted Reference Rate or mid-swap rate in the currency of the Bonds for the actual period.
"Minimum Liquidity" means Liquidity of a minimum amount of EUR 5,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) and which shall be calculated for the Group on a consolidated basis according to GAAP1.
"MUSD 17 Facility" means the USD 17,000,000 revolving facility with Jacob Holm Industries (America), Inc as borrower and Wells Fargo as lender and with maturity date in July 2017.
"Net Profit" means the consolidated net earnings of the Group adjusted for Special Items, Impairments and costs related to the Bonds.
"New Bank Facility" means any new bank facility with a commercial bank for the purposes of refinancing any of the Existing Facilities or establishing one or more new facilities, in an amount not to exceed at any time the total amount of the Bank Commitments in aggregate, and always subject to compliance with the Incurrence Test, however, so that the Commerzbank Facilities may, subject to compliance with the Incurrence Test, be refinanced (increased or extended) in one or more facilities in any Group Company up to a maximum commitment equivalent to 10 per cent. (in aggregate for all Commerzbank Facilities outstanding at any time) of the Nominal Amount of Bonds outstanding (or the equivalent in any currency).
"New Shareholder Injections" means the cash amount received by the Issuer or the Parent pursuant to (a) any capital injection (for shares or as a group contribution) or (b) any instrument or agreement evidencing an unsecured and subordinated loan made to the Parent or the Issuer (with maturity after the Bonds and no payment of cash interest), by any direct or indirect shareholder of Parent.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount by which the Bonds (or each Bond, if applicable) have been partially redeemed pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o fBonds).
"Obligor" means the Issuer, any Guarantor (including the Parent) and any other Group Company which has provided security in the form of a share pledge in another Group Company.
"Operating Company" means any Group Company in which manufacturing or operating activities of the Group are taking place and which hold operating assets of a value of not less than EUR 2,000,000.
1NT would like to keep the reference to GAAP as included in the term sheet and since GAAP include rules re consolidation o f groups.
13 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds issued in accordance with these Bond Terms to the extent not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Parent" means Jacob Holm & Sons AG, a company limited by shares (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated under the laws of Switzerland with company registration number CHE109.597.651, being the direct 100 per cent. owner of the Issuer.
"Participating Member States" means any member state of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Capital Expenditure" means any expenditure or obligation in respect of expenditure with the intention of being used on a continuing basis and not intended for sale in the ordinary course of business of the Group which in accordance with GAAP is treated as capital expenditure and only taking into account the actual cash payment made where assets are replaced and part of the purchase price is paid by way of exchange but only if:
(a) no Event of Default is continuing on the date the investment is made;
(b) the asset acquired or improved by the investment is or will be held by a Group Company; and
(c) the asset acquired or improved by the investment will be within the same or related line of business conducted by the Issuer or any Group Company.
"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution:
(a) made by the Parent, always subject to compliance with the Incurrence Test, provided that the Distribution (in any calendar year) does not exceed 50 per cent. of the Group's consolidated Net Profit of the previous financial year (always reduced by a Distribution pursuant to paragraph (b) below) (and where any unutilized portion of such Net Profit may not be carried forward);
(b) made by the Parent for each calendar year in a maximum amount of EUR 7,000,000 (and where any unutilized portion of such Permitted Distributed may not be carried forward); and
(c) made by any Group Company (other than the Parent) to the Issuer or any other Group Company.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness:
14 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(a) which is created in connection with the Initial Bond Issue;
(b) which is created in connection with a Tap Issue following the Issuer's compliance with the Incurrence Test;
(c) which is created in connection with the issuance of the Existing Bonds (not being subject to the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over) so long as such Financial Indebtedness is prepaid in connection with or as soon as possible after release of the proceeds from first disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer in connection with the Initial Bond Issue;
(d) which constitutes Permitted Financial Support;
(e) of any entity which becomes a Group Company, provided that such Financial Indebtedness (i) is created prior to the date on which that entity becomes a Group Company, (ii) is not increased or extended after that entity becomes a Group Company and (iii) is removed or discharged within three (3) months of that entity becoming a Group Company;
(f) arising under financial or capital leases in the ordinary course of business;
(g) which is created under the Existing Facilities;
(h) which is a New Shareholder Injection;
(i) arising under a foreign exchange transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where that foreign exchange exposure arises in the ordinary course of business but not a foreign exchange transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(j) any Financial Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under a cash pool arrangement with other Group Companies;
(k) any Intercompany Loan pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(l) arising under supplier credits on normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business; and
(m) created with the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.
"Permitted Financial Support" means:
(a) any performance or similar bond guaranteeing performance by a Group Company under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(b) any guarantee supporting Permitted Financial Indebtedness on the date of these Bond Terms;
(c) any financial support granted to any other Group Company in the ordinary course of business under a cash pool arrangement;
15 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(d) any trade credit extended by any Group Company to its customers on normal commercial terms and in the ordinary course of business;
(e) financial support which constitutes Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
(f) any Intercompany Loan pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee;
(g) a loan made by an Obligor to another Obligor or made by a Group Company, which is not an Obligor to another Group Company; and
(h) a loan made by an Obligor to a Group Company (which is not an Obligor) so long as the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness under any such loan does not exceed USD 500,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) any security granted (or to be granted) to secure the Bonds;
(b) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission by any Group Company;
(c) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements;
(d) any security granted under a hedging transaction which constitutes Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
(e) any security over or affecting any asset acquired by a Group Company, provided that (i) the security was not created in contemplation of that company becoming a Group Company, (ii) the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that company; and (iii) the security is removed or discharged within three (3) months of the acquisition of that company;
(f) any security over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a Group Company, provided that (i) the security was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that asset, (ii) the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that asset; and (iii) the security is removed or discharged within three (3) months of the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having a similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(h) any security (granted as of the Issue Date) for the Existing Facilities;
(i) any security for the Existing Bonds provided that such security is removed or discharged within sixty (60) days of the Bond Trustee's release of such security;
(j) any security arising under a finance lease which constitute Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and
16 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(k) any defeasance pledge established for the processing of redemption of Existing Bonds.
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any reorganisation within the Group provided that the security position under the Bond Terms remains in all material respect similar to what has been originally envisaged and approved by the Bond Trustee.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Pre-Disbursement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Pre-Disbursement Security (Tap Issues)" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Security designated as such in Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security).
"Prevailing Rate" means, in respect of any relevant currency on any calendar day, the spot rate of exchange between the EUR and SEK prevailing as at or about 12 noon (Oslo time) on that date as appearing on or derived from the Relevant Page or, if such a rate cannot be determined at such time the average of the rate offered by two reputable Norwegian banks (otherwise in such other manner as the Bond Trustee shall consider in good faith).
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Reference Rate" shall mean EURIBOR (European Interbank Offered Rate) being (i) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; (ii) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by banks reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee, for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or (iii) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (ii), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant Interest Period. If any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
17 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Relevant Page" means the relevant page on Bloomberg or such other information service provider that displays the relevant information.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months ending on the testing for the Incurrence Testing Date.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any date for payment of instalments in accordance with Clause 10.1 (Redemption o fBonds), any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date, the Longstop Date or the Maturity Date.
"Restricted Companies" means Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of North Carolina, USA (with address 1265 Sand Hill Road Candler, NC 28715) and Jacob Holm Industries (France), a company incorporated under the laws of France, with registration number 394 736 649 RCS Colmar, and each of these companies' Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Roll-Over Bonds" means the Existing Bonds which with the acceptance of the Existing Bondholders of the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over, shall be used as payment for the Bonds in kind.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75.
18 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Special Items" means any material items of an unusual or non-recurring nature which represents gains or losses including but not limited to those arising on (a) the restructuring of the activities (such as start-up, redundancy, closure and relocations costs), (b) disposals, revaluations, write-downs or impairments of assets, and (c) consultancy fees.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination, ISINand tenor).
"Tap Issue Addendum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Temporary Bonds" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 6.2 (Settlement in cash or in kind) paragraph (c).
"Total Net Debt" means at any time, the aggregate amount of all outstanding financial liabilities or obligations of the Group Companies for or in respect of Financial Indebtedness but (a) excluding any such liability or obligation to any other Group Company, (b) excluding New Shareholder Injections, (c) including, in the case of finance leases only, their capitalized value, and (d) deducting Cash and Cash Equivalents held by any Group Company at that time, and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once.
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
19 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, the Escrow Account Pledge, the Bond Escrow Account Pledge and all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;
(g) references to a "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal Personality;
(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;
(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds);
(j) save where the context otherwise requires, word in singular shall include the same in plural and vice versa;
(k) references to Persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act;
(l) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and
(m) where it relates to a Guarantor incorporated in Switzerland, a reference to "windingup", "liquidation" "insolvency" or "dissolution" includes, without limitation
20 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

bankruptcy proceedings (Konkurs), any proceedings leading to a provisional or definitive payment moratorium (provisorische or definitive Nachlassstundung), any proceedings leading to an emergency moratorium (Notstundung), or any proceeding for a postponement of bankruptcy pursuant to article 725a of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Konkursaufschub).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in in the maximum amount of EUR 250,000,000 (the "Maximum Issue Amount"). The Bonds may be issued on different issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of EUR 100,000,000. The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in Clause 6.4 (Tap Issues) are met, at one or more occasions issue Additional Bonds (each a "Tap Issue") until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue. Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds issued pursuant to the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out in these Bond Terms, except that Additional Bonds may be issued at a different price than for the Initial Bond Issue and which may be below or above the Nominal Amount. The Bond Trustee shall prepare an addendum to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of each Tap Issue (a "Tap Issue Addendum").

(b) The Bonds are denominated in EUR.

(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is EUR 10,000.

(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 001 0788920. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds
The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

2.3 Use of proceeds
(a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue (net of fees and legal cost of the Bond Trustee and the Manager and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Bond Issue) exclusively:

(i) firstly, for repayment of Existing Bonds (including funding of a defeasance pledge account for the processing of redemption of Existing Bonds); and

(ii) secondly, for general corporate and working capital purposes of the Group, acquisitions, Permitted Capital Expenditure or servicing (repayment or prepayment) of any of the Existing Facilities.

(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bonds for general corporate purposes of the Group, including acquisitions, Permitted Capital Expenditure or servicing (repayment or prepayment) of any of the Existing Facilities.

21 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(c) No proceeds from the Bonds shall be used, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland, except and to the extent that a written confirmation or tax ruling countersigned by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (Eidgenossische Steuerverwaltung) has been obtained (in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee) confirming that the intended "use of proceeds in Switzerland" does not result in Swiss withholding tax being triggered.
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent, to be shared between the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms, within the times agreed in this Clause 2.5 (Transaction Security) and as further stated in Clause 6 (Conditions for disbursement):
Pre-Settlement Security:
(i) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(ii) the Bond Escrow Account Pledge;
Pre-Disbursement Security:
(iii) first priority pledge over all shares issued in the Issuer;
(iv) first priority pledge over all shares issued in (A) any Guarantor and (B) Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc. (USA) and Jacob Holm Industries (France) SAS;
(v) a Guarantee from each of the Guarantors;
(vi) first priority pledge in any Intercompany Loans (if any in existence);
Pre-Disbursement Security (Tap Issues):
(vii) first priority pledge over all shares issued; and
(viii) a Guarantee,
in and from any company, if any, acquired by use of the net proceeds under that Tap Issue.
(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document and always be subject to and
22 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

limited to mandatory provisions of applicable law which limit the legal capacity or ability to provide Security.

(c) The Pre-Settlement Security shall be established no later than two (2) days before the Issue Date. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account and the Bond Escrow Account, at which time the Bond Trustee shall have the right (acting in its sole discretion) to release the Pre-Settlement Security. The Pre-Disbursement Security (Tap Issues) shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds to the Issuer in connection with such Tap Issue.

(d) All security interests established under any of the Security Documents shall, subject to limitations usually applied under the relevant laws governing any such Security Document, secure all of the Issuer's and any Guarantor's obligations and liabilities under the Finance Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, no guarantee will be issued and no security interest will be created in respect of any assets held by any Restricted Company or any other company which is not an Operating Company.

(e) The Issuer (and when relevant, the Bond Trustee) shall procure that any and all security interests established under or in connection with the Existing Bonds are released as soon as reasonably and practically possible following the earlier of the Issuer having:

(i) deposited on a defeasance pledge account (pledged and blocked) a sufficient amount for the full repayment of any Existing Bonds (including call premium and accrued interest); and

(ii) redeemed the Existing Bonds in full (together with any call premium and accrued interest),

however, the Issuer shall following the Bond Trustee's release of the Existing Security have a clean-up period of no less than sixty (60) days in which to discharge and release all security currently granted for Existing Bonds. The Transaction Security shall, to the extent relevant, rank junior to the Existing Security until such security have been released and discharged in full, after which such Transaction Security shall, where legally possible, have first priority.

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) Upon registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Bondholders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document without any further action or formality being required to be taken or satisfied.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any

23 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (No: Oslo Bors) as soon as reasonable practicable after the Issue Date, but in no event later than nine (9) months after the Issue Date. If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD
The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements o f the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD o f any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that o f the Relevant Jurisdiction.

24 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer
(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Bond Issue) into the Escrow Account, and the transfer of the Roll-Over Bonds to the Bonds Escrow Account, shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties thereto;

(ii) the Bond Trustee Agreement duly signed by all parties thereto;

(iii) the Escrow Account Pledge and the Bond Escrow Account Pledge duly executed by all parties thereto and perfected in accordance with applicable law

(iv) certified copies of all corporate resolutions of the Issuer and the Parent required for the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(v) a certified copy of a power of attorney from the Issuer and the Parent to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer and the Parent;

(vi) copies of the Parent's and the Issuer's articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of the Parent and the Issuer evidencing that the Issuer and the Parent, respectively, is validly existing under the applicable jurisdiction;

(vii) copies of any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;

(viii) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee in relation to the relevant Finance Documents;

(ix) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(x) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;

(xi) copies o f any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance o f the Bonds; and

(xii) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports.

25 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) The net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Bond Issue) shall only be used according to Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds), and will not be released from the Escrow Account and disbursed to the Issuer, and the Temporary Bonds will not be merged with the Bonds, unless the Bond Trustee has received or is satisfied that it will receive in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to such disbursement to the Issuer each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, and always subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee:
(i) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement confirming that the funds will be used in accordance with the purpose set out in Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds) and confirmation that no actual or potential Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) substantially in the form attached as Schedule 2 (Release notice - escrow accounts) to these Bond Terms;
(ii) undertaking on subordination in respect of an insolvency event from all Obligors which are, or will become, lenders in respect of intra-group loans or claims which shall otherwise be subordinated under these Bond terms;
(iii) copies of the Guarantors' articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of each Guarantor evidencing that each Guarantor is validly existing under the applicable jurisdiction;
(iv) copies of necessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) from each of the Guarantors and the Parent (unless delivered under paragraph (a) above) to execute the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(v) confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release from the Escrow Account or the Bond Escrow Account;
(vi) copies of agreements for any existing Intercompany Loans (and any Intercompany Loans to be established upon disbursement) duly executed by all parties thereto;
(vii) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, security or guarantees (that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or Permitted Financial Support) exist within the Group;
(viii) evidence that all relevant Transaction Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge and the Bond Escrow Account Pledge) have been executed and perfected (or will be perfected upon completion of agreed closing procedures);
(ix) copies of agreements of any loan made in the form of New Shareholder Injection, if any;
(x) a copy of the Issuer's notice to the Bond Trustee where the Existing Bonds Call Option will be made in accordance with the governing terms for the Existing Bonds;
26 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(xi) evidence in the form of a funds flow chart and a transfer instruction that (A) the initial disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account will be applied in accordance with the purpose set out in Clause 2.3 (Use o fproceeds) (including redemption of the Existing Bonds, and where it is permitted, to first release the funds to a defeasance blocked and pledged account), and (B) written confirmation from the Bond Trustee that upon receipt of funds on the defeasance pledge account, any restrictive covenants and security granted for the Existing Bonds shall automatically be discharged and be non-effective between the parties;
(xii) any legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect o f corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability o f these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents) in respect of any jurisdiction by which a Security Document or any other Finance Document is governed, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and
(xiii) any other relevant Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Settlement and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and are executed.
(c) Disbursement of net proceeds o f any Tap Issue shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:
(i) confirmation from the Issuer that no actual or potential Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing;
(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Tap Issue and execute the Finance Documents;
(iii) a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalfo f the Obligors;
(iv) certified copies of articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register for the Obligors evidencing that each Obligor is validly existing under the applicable jurisdiction;
(v) evidence that all relevant Transaction Security Documents have been executed and perfected (or will be perfected upon completion o f an agreed closing procedures); and
(vi) confirmation from the Issuer that the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee (under Pre-Settlement) are still valid, or provide updates o f such documents to the Bond Trustee; and
(vii) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.
(d) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may waive the deadline or the requirements for documentation set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for
27 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
disbursement to the Issuer), or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents as set out in this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedentfor disbursement to the Issuer) shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
6.2 Settlement in cash or in kind (a) The Bonds issued under the Initial Bond Issue shall be settled either in (i) cash, or (ii) in kind by delivery of Roll-Over Bonds (upon receipt of subscriptions from Existing Bondholders in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over). The Settlement process shall be further specified in a separate application form.
(b) Applicants delivering Roll-Over Bonds will receive the accrued interest on the Roll Over Bonds up until the Issue Date and a 4.00 per cent. (call) premium, in accordance with the terms of the Existing Bonds, each payable in cash at the Issue Date (subject to reimbursement of such premium in the event of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.5 (Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date). Any excess amount paid in kind by delivering Roll-Over Bonds as consideration for Temporary Bonds (by the application of the Prevailing Rate), shall if in excess of SEK 10,000 for an applicant, be paid in cash to the relevant applicant.
(c) The Bonds to be settled on the Issue Date in cash will be issued with a separate ISIN, which will be the surviving ISIN for the Bonds. Bonds to be settled in kind will be issued with a temporary ISIN NO 001 0789076 (the "Temporary Bonds"). The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the Bonds in connection with first disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account. The CSD and the Trustee shall be authorised to carry out the aforesaid in the best practical way.
6.3 Distribution Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) paragraph (d) above.
6.4 Tap Issues The Issuer may issue Additional Bonds if:
(a) the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum;
(b) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and repeated by the Issuer as at the date of issuance of such Additional Bonds;
(c) the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test; and
(d) the aggregate Nominal Amount of Bonds, including Additional Bonds issued under a Tap Issue does not exceed the Maximum Issue Amount.
28 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer and the Parent makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself and in respect of each Obligor to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) on the date of these Bond Terms;

(b) at the Issue Date;

(c) on each date of disbursement of proceeds from the Escrow Account or the Bond Escrow Account; and

(d) at the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.

7.1 Status
The Issuer is a limited liability company and the Parent is a company limited by shares, each duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable, subject to standard qualifications and reservations in legal opinions, in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (a) any law or regulation or judicial or official order, (b) its constitutional documents or (c) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.5 No Event of Default
(a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event

29 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4 (Status o f the Bonds).
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.
30 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest
(a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent. per annum.

(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.

(c) Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, any principal amount outstanding under these Bonds Terms shall be considered an Overdue Amount in accordance with paragraph (a) above for as long as such Listing Failure Event is continuing.

8.3 Partial payments
(a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents (a "Partial Payment"), such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:

31 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be applied pro rata pursuant to the procedures of the CSD towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid and of any principal amount due but unpaid.
(c) A Bondholders' Meeting can only resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment will be reduced if there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, however, the meeting may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
8.4 Taxation (a) Each Obligor is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from the it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
(c) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
8.5 Currency (a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be
32 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest

(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Additional Bond for each Interest Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the issuance of the Additional Bonds (or, if the date of the issuance is not an Interest Payment Date and there is no Interest Payment Date prior to such date of issuance, starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date).

(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.

(d) Any interpolation of the interest rate will be quoted with the number of decimals corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate.

9.2 Payment of Interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

9.3 Minimum interest
By entering into this Bond Terms, the Parties have assumed in bona fide that the interest payable hereunder is not and will not become subject to any tax deduction on account of Swiss withholding taxes. Nevertheless, if a tax deduction is required by law to be made by the Issuer or any other Obligor in respect of any interest payable by it under this Agreement and should it be unlawful for the Issuer to comply with Clause 8.4 for any reason (where this would otherwise be required by the terms of Clause 8.4) then:

(i) the applicable interest rate in relation to that interest payment shall be the interest rate which would have applied to that interest payment (as provided for in Clause 9.1) in the absence of this paragraph (i), divided by one (1) minus the rate at which the relevant tax deduction is required to be made (where the rate at

33 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
which the relevant tax deduction is required to be made is for this purpose expressed as a fraction of (1)); and
(ii) the Issuer shall be obliged:
(A) to pay the relevant interest at the adjusted rate in accordance with sub paragraph (i) above,
(B) to make the tax deduction on the interest so recalculated, and
(C) all references to a rate of interest in connection with the respective payment shall be construed accordingly.
10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS 10.1 Redemption of Bonds
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem all or parts of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make-Whole Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in March 2020 at a price equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iii) the Interest Payment Date falling in March 2020 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in September 2020 at a price equal to 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling in September 2020 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in March 2021 at a price equal to 101.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(v) the Interest Payment Date falling in March 2021 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling in September 2021 at a price equal to 100.75 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond; and
(vi) the Interest Payment Date falling in September 2021 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.
In addition to such amounts payable under (i) - (vi) above, the Issuer shall pay accrued and unpaid interest on redeemed Bonds.
34 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) paragraph (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the MakeWhole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make-Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest).
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within sixty (60) days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option will not fall away due to subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the sixty (60) days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent. of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) by notifying the Bond Trustee (which in turn shall immediately notify the remaining Bondholders) of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the day falling (fifteen) (15) days after the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 (Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be
35 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
given earlier than sixty (60) days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date (a) In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) for release of funds from the Escrow Account have not been fulfilled within the Longstop Date, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter (with the Longstop Date being the Record Date) redeem the Bonds and the Temporary Bonds at a price of 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Bond to be redeemed), by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Account for such redemption.
(b) In relation to an event as set out in paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall have the right to repay Temporary Bonds with Roll-Over Bonds (as payment in kind to the holders of the Temporary Bonds (valued at par value)). Any accrued and unpaid interest on the Temporary Bonds, call premium or other amounts payable in respect of any mandatory redemption under this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date), shall be payable in cash, provided however, that the Issuer is entitled to withhold (by set-off) the 1.00 per cent. premium payable in respect of any mandatory redemption under this Clause 10.5 (Mandatory early redemption at the Longstop Date) and any Roll-Over Bonds to cover reimbursement of the 4.00 per cent. premium originally paid to the Existing Bondholders on the Issue Date.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer and the Group Companies may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or cancelled in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
12.1 Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days after the end of the financial year.
36 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than sixty (60) days after the end of the relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports), however only once for each relevant reporting period, a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Financial Statements are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it);
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
37 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
12.5 Information undertaking regarding Incurrence Test The Issuer shall upon the occurrence of any Incurrence Event prepare (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.13 (Incurrence Test) as at the relevant Incurrence Testing Date.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer and the Parent undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General andfinancial undertakings).
13.1 Authorisations The Issuer and the Parent shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, in all material respects obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, license and consent required for the conduct of its business as carried out at the date of these Bond Terms if a failure to do so would have Material Adverse Effect.
13.2 Compliance with laws The Parent shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
13.3 Corporate status Neither the Parent nor the Issuer shall change its type of legal organization or jurisdiction of incorporation to ajurisdiction outside of the EU or Switzerland.
13.4 Continuation of business and Corporate Status The Issuer and the Parent shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Parent shall ensure that no other Group Company shall (other than as permitted under the Bond Terms), cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group (taken as a whole) from that carried on at the date of these Bond Terms, and/or as set out in these Bond Terms.
13.5 Distributions (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer and the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, declare or make any Distribution.
(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Distribution.
13.6 Cash flow The Parent shall procure that no contractual restrictions shall exist on the ability of any Group Company (other than the Issuer, the Parent and the Restricted Companies) to pay dividend, make other distributions or otherwise stream cash to the Parent to the extent that this will not be in conflict with terms and conditions for Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
13.7 Mergers (a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business
38 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Parent or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Reorganisation.

13.8 De-mergers
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Parent or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Reorganisation.

13.9 Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.10

Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company (except for the Restricted Companies) shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.

13.11

Financial support
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to, granting of security) to any third party.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Financial Support.

13.12

Disposals
(a) The Parent shall (i) not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, and (ii) ensure that no other Subsidiary sells or otherwise disposes of all or a substantial part of its or that Subsidiary's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect or with the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Reorganisation.

39 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

13.13

Incurrence Test
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Incurrence Event the Issuer is under an obligation to evidence (i) compliance with the Minimum Liquidity requirement, and (ii) the Leverage Ratio not being greater than 3.50x (or higher as may follow from the Incurrence Test Grid).

(b) The Issuer shall upon the occurrence of an Incurrence Event deliver to the Bond Trustee a Compliance Certificate with calculations as covenants test on a pro forma basis which shall ensure compliance with the Leverage Ratio and the Minimum Liquidity. The calculations, shall be made by taking into account the following principles:

(i) the calculation of Leverage Ratio and Minimum Liquidity shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer falling no earlier than thirty-one (31) days prior to carrying out the relevant Incurrence Event (the "Incurrence Testing Date") on apro forma basis as if the relevant Incurrence Event had been carried out;

(ii) the Total Net Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the full undrawn (if any) commitments under new Financial Indebtedness in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied;

(iii) any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Total Net Debt;

(iv) in respect of any Permitted Distribution and cash subject to Distribution to another person than a Group Company shall be deducted when calculating Total Net Debt and Minimum Liquidity;

(v) the calculations shall be adjusted so that:

(A) entities, assets or operations acquired, disposed of or discontinued by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and

(B) any entity to be acquired shall be included, pro forma and on a normalised basis, for the entire Relevant Period; and

(C) any expected annualised cost savings and synergies arising as a result of any new acquisition projected by the Issuer shall be taken into account provided such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent advisor acceptable to the Bond Trustee, however, on an aggregated basis, the adjustments shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the pro forma EBITDA; and

(D) any expected annualized EBITDA contributions, cost savings and synergies arising as a result of any capital expenditure, restructuring of activities, disposals of assets associated with discontinued operations projected by the Issuer shall be taken into account provided such cost

40 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

synergies, EBITDA contributions and cost savings have been verified by an independent advisor acceptable to the Bond Trustee, however, on an aggregated basis, the adjustments shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the pro forma EBITDA; and

(vi) any lease entered into by a Group Company, which would as at the date of the Bond Terms have been classified for accounting purposes under GAAP at such time as an operating lease will continue to be treated as an operating lease, and shall not be construed to be a finance lease, for the purpose of the Finance Documents as a result of any change in GAAP which is implemented after the date of the Bond Terms.

(c) No Incurrence Test will be required in respect of a Tap Issue if the funds from such Tap Issue is first deposited on the Escrow Account (blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee) provided, however, that a full or partial release of funds from the Escrow Account in relation to such Tap Issue will be subject to compliance with the Incurrence Test and where the calculation shall be made as if the new Financial Indebtedness had been incurred on such release from the Escrow Account. If no proceeds are released to the Issuer in relation to a Tap Issue, there shall not be an Incurrence Test.

13.14

Acquisitions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect

13.15

Existing Facilities
The Parent shall ensure that no material amendments are made to the Existing Facilities which would be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders. For the avoidance of doubt, this undertaking does not restrict a refinancing or replacement of any amount outstanding under the Existing Facilities by way of a New Bank Facility.

13.16

Arm's length transactions
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value, other than intra-group loans which constitute Permitted Financial Support.

13.17

Security
The Issuer undertakes to ensure to at all times provide Security over all Intercompany Loans within the Group (provided that no such Security shall be granted by a Restricted Company) and to provide and maintain guarantees from and pledge over shares in all of the Operating Companies (except that no guarantee shall be provided by any Restricted Companies).

13.18

Intellectual property
The Issuer and the Parent and the Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all other Group Companies):

41 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(a) preserve and maintain the subsistence and validity of the Intellectual Property which are material in order for the Group to conduct its business; and
(b) use reasonable endeavours to prevent infringement in any material respect of any Intellectual Property which is material for the Group to conduct its business,
but it shall be free to deal with those assets in the ordinary course of its business (including, without limitation, allowing its Intellectual Property to lapse if in the opinion of the Issuer no longer material to its business) until an Event of Default has occurred which is continuing and upon which a notice has been served by the Bond Trustee.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 (Events o f Defaults) shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer or an Obligor fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer or the Parent does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for the Issuer and any Obligor:
42 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness (other than the Existing Facilities) is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness (other than the Existing Facilities) due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds a total of EUR 5,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings
The Issuer or any Obligor is:
(i) Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.2 (d) (Cross default) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
f) Creditor's process
43 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer and any Obligor having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer or any Obligor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders ' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable on demand at which time they shall become immediately due and payable on demand by the Bond Trustee;
(b) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(c) exercise or direct the Security Agent to exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
44 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 (Events o f Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(c) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(d) At least 50 per cent. of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(e) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (f) below.
(f) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 (Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant
45 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
46 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The chair of the Bondholders' Meeting shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders ' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders ' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chair of the Bondholders' Meeting will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
47 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 15.3 (Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders 'Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting), 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting), Clause 15.3 (Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 (Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Procedure.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
48 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 (Repeated Bondholders'Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders o f Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number o f Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also not be passed if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry o f the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f the Bondholders'Meeting).
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(c) The Issuer hereby appoints the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent as representative and agent (in Danish: "repræsentant") for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with Chapter 2a of the Danish Securities Trading Act (in Danish: "værdipapirhandelsloven") (as amended from time to time) and the Issuer further
49 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
agrees and accepts that the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent shall act as such under Danish law.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (Liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such
50 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has:
(i) acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay any action.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond
51 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to the Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee or the Security Agent in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders ' instructions) or Clause 15.2 (Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15 (Bondholders ' Decision), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have
52 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee). The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
16.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents. In relation to Swiss law governed Transaction Security Documents which provide for a security interest of an accessory nature, the Security Agent is also authorized to act as direct representative in the name and for the account of the Bondholders, all as provided for in the relevant Transaction Security Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other party to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
53 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
(e) If the Security Agent is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Security Agent shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Security Agent shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.6 (Security Agent).
(f) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
16.7 Parallel Debt (a) Notwithstanding any other provision o f these Bond Terms, the Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay to the Security Agent as creditor in its own right and not as representative o f the Bondholders, sums equal to and in the currency of each amount payable by the Issuer to each of the Bondholders under each o f the Finance Documents as and when that amount falls due for payment under the relevant Finance Document or would have fallen due but for any discharge resulting from failure o f another Bondholder to take appropriate steps, in insolvency proceedings affecting the Issuer, to preserve its entitlement to be paid that amount.
(b) The Security Agent shall have its own independent right to demand payment o f the amounts payable by the Issuer under this Clause 16.7, irrespective of any discharge of the obligation o f the Issuer to pay those amounts to the Bondholders resulting from failure by them to take appropriate steps, in insolvency proceedings affecting the Issuer, to preserve their entitlement to be paid those amounts.
(c) Any amount due and payable by the Issuer to the Security Agent under this Clause 16.7 shall be applied in accordance with the terms of these Bond Terms and shall be decreased to the extent that the Bondholders have received (and are able to retain) payment in full of the corresponding amount under the other provisions of the Finance Documents and any amount due and payable by the Issuer to the Bondholders under those provisions shall be decreased to the extent that the Security Agent has received (and is able to retain) payment in full of the corresponding amount under this Clause 16.7.
(d) The aggregate amount which the Issuer is liable to pay to the Security Agent under this Clause 16.7 shall never exceed the aggregate amount which the Issuer is liable to pay to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(e) In the event of the appointment of a new Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall assign to such successor Bond Trustee or such Security Agent the obligations owed or to be owed to it pursuant to this Clause 16.7. Any resignation by the Security Agent or any such appointment o f a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee is not effective with respect to its rights under this Clause 16.7 until such rights are so assigned to the successor Security Agent.
54 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 17.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders 'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the
55 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such no-tice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
56 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(i) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 (Information: miscellaneous) and Clause 13 (General andfinancial undertakings);
(ii) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security; and
(iii) any Obligor shall be released from any Guarantee or other obligation applicable to it under any Finance Document.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 (Defeasance) may not be reversed.
19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions, except in relation to Clause 16.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders) paragraph (c) only which shall be governed by the laws of Denmark.
57 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION
19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right: (a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any other Obligor or its/their respective assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and (b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
000
These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.
*** (Signature page follows)
58 (62)

SIGNATURES:

EXECUTION VERSION

59 (62)

SIGNATURES:

EXECUTION VERSION

The Issuer: Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S

As Bond Trustee and Security Agent:
Nordic Trustee ASA
J, iig iyr' 7 o

By: Position:

By: M orten S. B red e sen
Position:

The Parent acknowledges and confirms that it will perform and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms. Date: 29 March 2017 The Parent: Jacob Holm & Sons AG

By: Position:

59 (62)

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXECUTION VERSION

Nordic Trustee ASA P O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E-mail:

+ 47 22 87 94 10 mail@trustee.no [date]

Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S FRN Senior Secured Callable Bonds EUR 100,000,000 2017/2022

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause [12.2] of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee.

This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·].

Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.

With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last Financial Report. Copies of our latest consolidated [Annual Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

[In relation to an Incurrence Event: [The covenant set out in Clause 13.13 (Incurrence Test) is met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.]]

We confirm that, to the best o f our knowledge, no Event o f Default has occurred or is likely to occur.

Yours faithfully, JACOB HOLM & SØNNER HOLDING A/S

Name o f authorisedperson Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]

60 (62)

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNTS

Nordic Trustee ASA P O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: E-mail:

+ 47 22 87 94 10 mail@trustee.no

EXECUTION VERSION
[date]

Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S FRN Senior Secured Callable Bonds EUR 100,000,000 2017/2022

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account and the Bond Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

Escrow account no.

Currency EUR Roll-Over Bonds

Amount

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account or the Bond Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully,
JACOB HOLM & SØNNER HOLDING A/S

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

61 (62)

EXECUTION VERSION

SCHEDULE 3 EXISTING FACILITIES

Borrower

Lender

Type

Maturity Commitment

Jacob Holm Industries Wells Fargo**1 Revolver (America), Inc.

July, 2017 USD 17,000,000*)

Jacob Holm Industries Wells Fargo (America), Inc.

Real Estate Term July, 2019 USD 6,954,750 Loan

Jacob Holm Industries Wells Fargo (America), Inc.

Equipment Term May, 2017 USD 1,037,000 Loan

Jacob Holm Industries Wells Fargo (America), Inc.

Equipment Term July, 2019 USD 4,413,584 Loan

Jacob Holm Industries Wells Fargo (America), Inc.

Equipment Term July, 2019 USD 29,407,143 Loan

Jacob Holm & Sons AG Commerzbank^ Revolver

Open

USD 2,000,000

Sontara AG

Commerzbank^ Revolver

Open

USD 2,000,000

Sontara Old Hickory Inc. Commerzbank^ Revolver

Open

USD 2,000,000

Sontara America Inc.

Commerzbank^ Revolver

Open

USD 2,000,000

Jacob Holm Industries CM-CIC Factor Factoring credit (France) SAS

Open

EUR 15,000,000

Jacob Holm Industries CIC Est Grandes Revolver

(France) SAS

Entreprises

Open

EUR 750,000

Jacob Holm Industries CIC Est Grandes Equipment Term December, EUR 240,000

(France) SAS

Entreprises

Loan

2018

Jacob Holm Industries Bpifrance

(France) SAS

Financement

Equipment Term January,

Loan

2019

EUR 450,000

**) T he C om m erzbank facilities (th e "C om m erzb an k F a cilities") m ay, subject to com pliance w ith th e In currence T est, be refinanced (increased or extended) in one or m ore facilities in any G roup Company up to a m axim um com m itm ent equivalent to 10 per cent. (in aggregate for all Com m erzbank Facilities outstanding at any tim e) o f the N om inal A m ount (or the equivalent in any currency).

**) N o M arg in Increase w ill apply (if relev an t u n d e r th e Incurrence T est G rid) in relatio n to a refinancing o f th e M U S D 17 Facility by way o f a N ew Bank Facility prior to 30 June 2017.

62 (62)

