Execution Version ISIN NOOO10584246
BOND AGREEMENT between
Floatel Superior Ltd. (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
13.00 per cent Floatel Superior Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2015
#2599807/1

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION..................................................................................................................3 2 THE BONDS.............................................................................................................................10 3 LISTING.................................................................................................................................... 10 4 REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER.............................................................. 11 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS........................................................................11 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT................................................................................................. 11 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.......................................................................13 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY......................................................................16 9 INTEREST.................................................................................................................................17 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION.......................... 18 11 PAYMENTS............................................................................................................................. 20 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS................................................................................ 21 13 COVENANTS.......................................................................................................................... 21 14 FEES AND EXPENSES.......................................................................................................... 26 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT........................................................................................................26 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING............................................................................................. 29 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE..........................................................................................................31 18 MISCELLANEOUS............................................................................................................... 33
ATTACHMENT 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
ATTACHMENT 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

#2599807/1

2(38)

This agreement has been entered into on 25 August 2010 between:
(1) Floatel Superior Ltd., a company incorporated in Bermuda with company no. 40891 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, a company incorporated in Norway with company no. 963 342 624 as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
Unless defined elsewhere in this Bond Agreement, or the context suggests otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Accounts" means any of the Escrow Account, the Earnings Account, the Operating Account or the Bond Retention Account.
"Account Bank" means DnB NOR Bank ASA or any other first class international bank where the Bond Retention Account and the Escrow Account are held provided that the relevant security to be established over such accounts have been duly perfected.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Account Pledges" means the Escrow Account Pledge, the Bond Retention Account Pledge, the Operating Account Pledge and the Earnings Account Pledge.
"Assignment of Earnings" means the assignment of earnings payable to the Issuer and/or any intra-group charterer (as the case may be) (including earnings under any charters or bare-boat agreements for hire) related to the Rig, and the Issuer and/or any intra-group charterer (as the case may be) shall give notices and use its best endeavours to procure the acknowledgements of such assignment from its respective counterparties, including but not limited to under any employment contract with oil companies.
"Assignment of Rig Insurances" means the assignment of any relevant insurances related to the Rig and the equipment related thereto.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Retention Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank in order to service interest on this Bond Issue. The account shall be pledged on 1st priority and blocked in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.

#2599807/1

3(38)

"Bond Retention Account Pledge" means the I s1priority pledge over the Bond Retention Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business, and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo, London and New York.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" means the call option described in Clause 10.2 below.
"Change of Control Event" means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3), becoming the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 % o f the outstanding shares of the Parent.
"Charter Contracts" means any charter contract for the employment of the Rig, being both intra-group charters and employment contracts with oil companies.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Delivery Date" means 18 March 2010.
"Earnings Account" means an account held by the Issuer with the agent under the Senior Facility into which all net earnings related to the Rig shall be paid. The account shall be pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).
"Earnings Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Earnings Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Escrow Account" means an account with the Account Bank in the name o f the Issuer, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred on the Issue Date. The account shall be pledged on 1st priority and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), and the Account Bank shall have waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the 1st priority pledge over the Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1
"Exchange" means any securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

#2599807/1

4(38)

"Final Maturity Date" means 2 September 2015 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Finance Documents" means:
(i) this Bond Agreement;
(ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2;
(iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);
(iv) the Intercreditor Agreement;
(v) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee;
(vi) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement; and
(vii) any other document collectively designated as a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:
(i) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;
(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(iii) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non recourse basis);
(v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under GAAP;
(vi) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(viii) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect o f a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

#2599807/1

5(38)

(ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and
(x) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss o f any person in respect o f any o f the items referred to in (i) through (ix) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer and the Parent for any financial year, prepared in accordance with IFRS, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from each o f the respective Board of Directors.
"Floating Charge" means the floating charge (and/or fixed charge) (according to Bermuda law) over all assets of the Issuer, which to the extent possible will include IP-rights and operating manuals for the Rig.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer and the Parent is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Parent and its subsidiaries from time to time (including the Issuer), and a "Group Company" means the Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including the Issuer).
"Information Memorandum" means the information memorandum for the Bond Issue dated 13 August 2010.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the agreement to be entered into to co-ordinate the priorities and enforcement process between this Bond Issue and the Senior Lenders in such form as the Bond Trustee shall be authorised to approve.
"Interest Payment Date" means 2 March and 2 September each year and the Final Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number o f the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 2 September 2010.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Manager" means Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway, being the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means either one of the following events:
(i) the Rig is sold or otherwise disposed of;
(ii) there is a Total Loss Event; or
(iii) the Parent ceases to be the owner o f 100 % of the shares in the Issuer.

#2599807/1

6(38)

"Material Adverse Effect" means an event or circumstance which has a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer and/or Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with any of its obligations under any Finance Document, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
"New Equity" means new equity in the amount of USD 15,000,000 to be raised by the Parent and injected into the Issuer as equity prior to Issue Date.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Operating Account" means the operating account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank. The account shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
"Operating Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Operating Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number o f Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Parent" means Floatel International Ltd., a company incorporated in Bermuda with registration no. 38902.
"Parent Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee from the Parent for the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Project Documents" means:
(i) the Rig Management Agreement (or any substitution thereof);
(ii) the Charter Contracts (if any).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated management accounts of the Issuer and the Parent as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary. For the Parent, such reports shall be both on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis.
"Rig" means the harsh environment accommodation rig named "Floatel Superior", which was delivered by Keppel FELS shipyard in Singapore on the Delivery Date.
"Rig Management Agreement" means the at all times applicable agreement(s) with the Rig Manager related to the marketing, technical management and operation o f the Rig.
"Rig Management Assignment" means the assignment of all earnings and rights of the Issuer under any relevant Rig Management Agreement (to the extent permitted by applicable law).

#2599807/1

7(38)

The assignment shall include a declaration of subordination o f any amounts payable by the Issuer, contain step-in rights and termination rights in case o f a default, and the Issuer shall give notices and obtain consent and acknowledgments o f such assignment.
"Rig Manager" means a wholly-owned subsidiary o f the Parent or any reputable manager or operator being responsible for the marketing, management and operation of the Rig.
"Rig Mortgage" means the Bermudian mortgage over the Rig (including in all relevant equipment being legally part of the Rig under Bermudian law), to be supplemented with a separate deed of covenants if so required and as considered necessary by the Bond Trustee.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interest" means any Encumbrance or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Security Documents securing the obligations o f the Issuer under any Finance Document, including but not limited to:
(i) the Account Pledges;
(ii) the Parent Guarantee;
(iii) the Floating Charge;
(iv) the Share Charge;
(v) the Rig Mortgage;
(vi) the Assignment of Rig Insurances;
(vii) the Rig Management Assignment (to the extent permitted by applicable law); and
(viii) the Assignment of Earnings.
"Senior Debt" means the Senior Facility and the Senior Guarantee Facility (plus accrued interests, costs, expenses and any hedging liabilities related to such loans provided by the Senior Lenders), up to a maximum aggregate amount o f USD 210,851,000 and to be reduced as set out in Clausel3.3(b), as secured by the Senior Security.
"Senior Facility" means the senior loan dated 9 November 2007 and amended and restated on 24 April 2008 and further amended and restated pursuant to a second supplemental agreement dated 12 July 2010 provided by the Senior Lenders in the original amount o f USD 260,000,000, to be reduced to USD 177,600,000 in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Purpose and utilization) and further as set out in Clause 13.3(b).

#2599807/1

8(38)

"Senior Guarantee Facility" means the USD 10,000,000 guarantee facility provided by the Senior Lenders, available for charter contract bids and/or performance bonds.
"Senior Lenders" means the lenders under the Senior Debt, with Natixis acting as agent.
"Senior Security" means the first priority security in, inter alia, the assets subject to the Security Interest (except the Bond Retention Account and the Escrow Account), which is granted to the Senior Lenders as security for the Senior Debt.
"Share Charge" means the share charge granted by the Parent over all of the shares (100%) in the Issuer, including letters of resignation from all board members as well as a covenant to obtain letters of resignation from future board members.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Total Loss Event" means an actual or constructive total loss of the Rig.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement;

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended

or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to

such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding

decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of

directors o f the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether

through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture,

company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or

any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal

personality).

#2599807/1

9(38)

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement and the Finance Documents on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been duly registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.
The Bond Agreement is available from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term o f the Bonds.
2.2 The Bond Issue
2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum aggregate amount of USD 75,000,000 (US Dollars seventyfivemillions).
2.2.2 The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and rank pari passu between each other.
2.2.3 The Bond Issue will be described as " 13.00 per cent Floatel Superior Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2015".
2.2.4 The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be N O 0 0 105 84246.
2.2.5 The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date up to and including the Final Maturity Date.
2.2.6 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account on the Issue Date.
2.3 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds of the Bonds (net of fees, legal costs o f the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses) shall be employed to finance the early redemption of firstly, USD 32,400,000 and, secondly, USD 50,000,000 of the Senior Facility, including the costs related to such early redemptions. The employment o f the net proceeds from the Bonds shall be satisfactory evidenced to the Trustee.
3. LISTING 3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to
list the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

#2599807/1

10(38)

4. REGISTRATION IN A SECURITIES REGISTER
4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register in accordance with the Securities Register Act and the terms and conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes to any of the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of any such notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Conditions Precedent for Issue Date
6.1.1 Disbursement o f the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all parties

thereto;

(b)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer related to expenses and fees

set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(c)

evidence satisfactory to the Bond Trustee that the New Equity is in place and

available;

(d)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute

the Finance Documents;

(e)

a power of attorney from the Issuer and from the Parent to relevant individuals for

their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant

#2599807/1

11(38)

register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer and the Parent;

(f)

certified copies of (a) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official

document for both the Issuer and the Parent, evidencing that both the Issuer and the

Parent are each validly existing and (b) the Memorandum of Association and Bye

laws for each o f the Issuer and the Parent;

(g)

the Issuer's and the Parent's most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial

Report;

(h)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(i)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Register;

(j)

written compliance confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.2 (if required);

(k)

documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause

2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the

Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee; and

(m) the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank).

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3

Disbursement o f the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer's Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent confirming that the documents listed in Clause 6.1.1 (to the extent applicable) have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.4 Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 6.1.1, and following receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall on the Issue Date transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Conditions Precedent for utilisation
6.2.1 Proceeds on the Escrow Account may only be utilised in accordance with the purpose of this Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3, and any release from the Escrow Account is subject to the following:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer and the Parent in the form set out in

Attachment 2 hereto, confirming, inter alia, that no Event of Default has occurred, or

is likely to occur;

(b)

an addendum to the loan agreement(s) for the Senior Debt duly executed and in full

force and effect;

(c)

satisfactory-documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied

in accordance with the purpose of the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.3;

#2599807/1

12(38)

(d)

all Finance Documents (unless delivered under Clause 6.1.1) and Project Documents

are in acceptable form and are executed;

(e)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Bond Retention Account is opened

and that the Issuer has placed an amount equal to 12 months interest therein;

(f)

all Security Documents (other than those mentioned under Clause 6.1. l(m) being

executed and perfected in accordance with the terms o f the Security Documents;

(g) all legal opinions related to the execution and perfection of the Security Documents have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee;

(h) pro-forma balance sheet dated on the Issue Date showing that the Issuer has no other Financial Indebtedness than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents and the Senior Debt, duly certified by a director o f the Parent; and

(i)

confirmation in such form as the Bond Trustee shall reasonably approve, from the

Issuer's counsel or such other party as the Bond Trustee shall approve that all

insurances in respect of the Rig and otherwise having been or being taken out, and, if

requested by the Bond Trustee, an insurance report from an insurance advisor

confirming that the insurances are in accordance with the terms of Clause 13.6(a).

6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.2.1

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 7.1 Representations and Warranties
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a)

Status

The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b)

Power and authority

The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party as well as the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein and upon registration of applicable Security Interests in the public registers of the jurisdictions concerned) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable in order to render said documents enforceable against the Issuer, or in order for any Security Interest created (or to be

#2599807/1

13(38)

created) by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) the Issuer's articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.

(e)

No event o f default

No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Financial Statements etc.

The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent Quarterly Financial Report of the Group fairly and accurately reflect the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, consistently applied from one year to another.

(i)

No undisclosed liabilities

As of the date o f the most recently audited Financial Statements, the Group (including the Issuer) had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments, which were not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.

(j)

No Material Adverse Effect

#2599807/1

14(38)

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition o f the Group (including the Issuer) that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) No misleading information

All financial information provided to the subscribers o f Bonds and/or to the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represents the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)

Environmental compliance

The Issuer is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation, and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Intellectual property

The Issuer has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets, rights and interests.

(n)

No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(o) Pari passu ranking

The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

(p) Encumbrances

No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets of either the Issuer or the Parent in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

(q) Project Documents

To the extent entered into, each Project Document is in full force and effect, and no event of default has occurred with respect to any such Project Document which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r)

Information Memorandum

All information in the Information Memorandum are substantially as disclosed in the Information Memorandum.

#2599807/1

15(38)

7.2 Repetition
The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on the date of release o f funds from the Escrow Account as set out in Clause 6.2.
The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement and/or release o f funds from the Escrow Account require a written statement from the Issuer and the Parent confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.

7.3 Misrepresentation
In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnity the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement o f the Bonds and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of any reliance on the representations and warranties provided herein.

8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 Ranking and priority
8.1.1 The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.1.2 The Bonds (including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses) are secured by the Security Interests on priority after the Senior Debt, except for the Escrow Account Pledge and the Bond Retention Account Pledge which shall constitute first priority security.

8.1.3

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are being duly executed by the Issuer and/or the Parent (as the case may be) in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and that the Security Documents are legally valid and in full force and effect. The Issuer shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder, including but not limited to upon any change of parties (inter alia Account Bank, Rig Manager and any intra-group charterer and/or oil company under any Charter Contract) to the respective contracts and agreements being assigned or pledged.

8.1.4

This Bond Agreement is entered into subject to the provisions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and with the benefit o f the terms in the Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall prevail in the event o f there being a conflict between the terms of this Bond Agreement and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The fact that a provision of this Bond Agreement is expressed to be subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement does not mean, and shall not be taken to mean, that any other provision of this Bond Agreement is not so subject.

8.2 Application of proceeds
(a) Application prior to an Event o f Default
All gross earnings related to the Rig shall be paid into the Earnings Account always provided that an amount equal to six (6) months interest is placed on the Bond Retention Account, and the Issuer shall on a monthly basis make the following transfers from the Earnings Account:

#2599807/1

iSt>
16(38)

(i) First; to the Senior Debt retention account, one sixth of the amount of the repayment instalment due on the next repayment date under the Senior Facility (as set out in Clause 13.3(b)(i));

(ii) Second; to the Senior Debt retention account, the amount of interest due on the next interest payment date divided by the number of months between the last interest payment date and that next interest payment date under the Senior Facility;

(iii) Third; to the Senior Debt retention account, the ratable portion of the swap settlement amount due on the next swap settlement date;

(iv) Four; to the Senior Debt debt service reserve account, any amount necessary to maintain the required balance in terms of the minimum liquidity amount under the Senior Facility; and

(v) Five; to the Operating Account, the balance (if any).

(b)

Applicationfollowing an Event o f Default

On either (i) completion of sale o f the Rig, either by forced auction or private treaty, or (ii) receipt of monies from insurance proceeds or otherwise, as the case may be, such proceeds or monies shall be applied as follows and in the order mentioned:

(i) First; in respect of all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred in or about and incidental to the sale;

(ii) Second; in or towards satisfaction of all prior claims (being any claims, liabilities or debts owed or taking priority in respect of such proceeds over the security constituted by the Senior Security and the Security Interest) secured on the Rig;

(iii) Third; in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Senior Security;

(iv) Four; in or towards payment of all sums secured by the Security Interest; and

(v) Five; the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.

9. INTEREST
9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate o f 13.00 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made semi-annually in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates, the first Interest Payment Date being 2 March 2011 (at which time the Bond Trustee shall release an amount equivalent to the first interest payment from the Bond Retention Account, which for the avoidance o f doubt, shall be funded at all times as set out in Clause 8.2(a))).
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

#2599807/1

17(38)

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year o f 360 days with twelve 30-days months, unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day o f a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31 st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month o f February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest

=

Face

Amount

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS, CALL OPTION AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer at the Final Maturity Date at 100 % of par value plus accrued and unpaid interest.

10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the entire Bond Issue as follows:

(a)

from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2012 to, but not

including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2013 at a price equal to 108 % plus

accrued interest on redeemed amount;

(b)

from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2013 to, but not

including, the Interest Payment Date in September 2014 at a price equal to 106 % plus

accrued interest on redeemed amount; and

(c)

from and including the Interest Payment Date in September 2014 to, but not

including, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 103.50 % plus accrued interest

on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders (through the Bond Trustee) in writing about any exercising o f the Call Option at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of such Call Option exercise.

10.2.3 On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder, the aggregate principal amount o f all Bonds held by such Bondholder (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued on such Bonds up to and including settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

#2599807/1

18(38)
&

10.3 Change of Control
10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % of par value (plus accrued interest).
10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders of a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the pre-payment request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be fifteen - 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
10.3.3 On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each Bondholder holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (at the price pursuant to Clause 10.3.1)) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
10.3.4 Notwithstanding the above, the Put Option shall not apply in the event o f the Issuer's shares becoming listed on a securities exchange acceptable to the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably).
10.4 Mandatory Redemption
10.4.1 Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event other than a Total Loss Event occurring the Issuer shall redeem 100 % o f the Outstanding Bonds as on levels equal to the Issuer's Call Option at the payment date (however redemption level being 110% during the two first years after Issue Date when no Call Option applies) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), and provided that payment shall be made on or about the day the Issuer is receiving the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event.
Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
If the Bonds are redeemed according to this mandatory redemption clause, the entire amount on the Escrow Account may be used as partly payment for mandatory redemption.
10.4.2 The Bond Trustee and the Bondholders shall be notified by the Issuer in writing about any mandatory redemption, at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of any such mandatory redemption.
10.4.3 On the settlement date of a mandatory redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.
10.4.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

#2599807/1

19(38)

11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.
11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.
11.2 Currency
11.2.1 Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.
11.2.2 Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, a Bondholder has not given such instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1 within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.
11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.
11.3 Set-off and counterclaims
The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.4 Interest in the event of late payment
11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points,.
11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.
11.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1, cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
11.5 Irregular payments
In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

#2599807/1

20(38)

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS
13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.
13.1.2 The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event

of Default, and without undue delay inform the Bond Trustee of any circumstances

which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 60 days after the end o f the relevant quarter (for Quarterly Financial Reports);

(c)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(d) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(e)

without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the

Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this

Bond Agreement;

(f)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(g)

within a reasonable time and subject to disclosure regulations applicable to the Issuer

and the Parent being followed, provide such information about the Issuer's financial

condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

#2599807/1

21(38)

,.

13.2.2 The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.
13.2.3 The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1(b), confirm the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee in writing. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out as Attachment 1 hereto, signed by a director of the Parent. In the event o f non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the nature of and reasons for such non-compliance, as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and/or will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a)

Ranking and subordination

The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all the Issuer's other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

The Issuer shall procure that all of the Issuer's intra-group debt (if any) and all payments to the Rig Manager are fully subordinated to the Issuer's obligations under any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(b)

Reductions to the Senior Facility

The Issuer procures that, starting 18 September 2012:

(i) the Senior Facility shall be reduced by minimum USD 8,100,000 on a semi annual basis; and

(ii) any amount repaid or prepaid under the Senior Facility shall not be redrawn, re utilised nor re-borrowed (for the avoidance of doubt this shall not prevent the Issuer from its continued utilisation o f the Senior Guarantee Facility by an aggregate total amount of up to USD 10,000,000).

(c)

Mergers, de-mergers, etc.

The Issuer shall not carry out any merger, de-merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving inter alia the consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities, or the splitting of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities.

(d)

Continuation o f business

(i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business, or change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.

(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Issuer from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement. Specifically, the Issuer shall not take part in any other activity than solely related to the ownership and operation of Rig and related services.

#2599807/1

22(38)

(e)

Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets (including but not limited to the Rig) or operations, unless the Bond Issue is repaid in full pursuant to Clause 10.2 or Clause 10.4.

(f)

Project Documents

The Issuer shall perform and observe all of its covenants and agreements contained in any of the Project Documents to which it is or becomes a party, shall take all necessary action to prevent the termination of any such Project Documents in accordance with the terms thereof or otherwise, and shall take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary promptly to enforce its rights and to collect any and all sums due to it under the Project Documents.

(g) Accounts

The Issuer shall maintain the Bond Retention Account and the Escrow Account with the Account Bank.

(h) Amounts on Bond Retention Account

The Issuer shall procure that an amount equal to six (6) months interest under the Bond Issue is placed on the Bond Retention Account at any and all time during the tenor of the Bonds.

13.4 Corporate and operational matters

(a)

Inter-group transactions

All transactions between any companies within the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Acts 1997.

(b)

Transactions with shareholders,directors or affiliated companies

The Issuer shall cause all transactions between the Issuer and (i) any direct or indirect shareholder thereof, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered into in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement o f the Issuer's business, and on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in an arms' length transaction with a third party.

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Acts 1997.

(c)

Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material

#2599807/1

23(38)

aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(d) Litigation
The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(i) material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against the Issuer and the Parent; and
(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

(e)

Charterer's operations etc.

The Issuer shall procure that any intra-group charterer is performing all its obligations under the Project Documents and Security Documents (if applicable) to which it is a party.

13.5 Preservation of equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that any subsidiary does not

(a)

declare or make any dividend payments or other capital distributions or loans to its

shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of

shares, any total return swaps, or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its

share capital or equity;

(b) unless contemplated under this Bond Agreement and unless it constitutes a permitted substitution of said Project Document, agree to or permit the early termination of, or agree to a change, amendment, modification or waiver of, any Project Document and/or any right or interest therein, which is likely to have or cause a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with any o f its obligations under any Finance Document, or assign any o f its rights under any Project Document;

(c)

create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance over any of its assets or enter into

arrangements having a similar effect except for (i) any Encumbrance contemplated by

this Bond Agreement, or (ii) any Encumbrance under the Senior Debt, or (iii) any

Encumbrance arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business

customary (including collateral in connection with credit purchases o f goods and

services);

(d)

incur or permit to remain outstanding, any new Financial Indebtedness (whether

secured or unsecured) other than (i) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the

Bond Issue, (ii) the Senior Debt, or (iii) any indebtedness arising in the ordinary

course of business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operation of

the Issuer;

(e)

grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance or support to any Group

Company and/or third party, except for (i) guarantees issued in the ordinary course of

business (including guarantees relating to employment of the Rig), and (ii) any

guarantees contemplated by the Senior Facility or the Senior Guarantee Facility;

#2599807/1

24(38)

(f)

enter into any sale - and leaseback transactions;

(g)

make any other financial or other arrangements concerning the Rig and its

employment, which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability

to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or

(h)

make any investments or capital expenditures, other than those related to the

ownership in and operation o f the Rig or as required by clients, provided such capital

expenditure is fully funded.

13.6 Rig Covenants

(a)

Maintenance and insurance

The Issuer shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig Manager (and any charterer if applicable) run proper maintenance of the Rig according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance systems.

The Rig shall be adequately insured (including war risk) against hull & machinery risks at least 120 % of the aggregate outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents and the Senior Debt, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as any additional insurance required under any law or Charter Contract. The insurances, and any loss payee clause or similar provisions therein, shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan or other insurance plan with at least equally favourable terms (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer).

(b)

Title

The Issuer will hold legal title to and own the entire beneficial interest in the Rig and the insurances taken out in respect o f the Rig, free of any and all Encumbrances except for those permitted under this Bond Agreement and the Senior Facility.

(c)

Class, flag, name, registry

The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig maintains its class, flag and name, and that it remains registered in Bermuda.

(d)

Operations in accordance with laws etc.

The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Rig is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations, administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

(e)

Inspection o f the Rig

Upon the request of the Bond Trustee and at the cost of the Issuer, arrange for the Bond Trustee and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee, to inspect the Rig without interference o f the daily operation o f the Rig.

(f)

Condition

#2599807/1

25(38)

The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig is kept in a good and safe condition and that all repairs are consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.

14. FEES AND EXPENSES
14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"):

(a)

Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations

The Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company (as the case may be) fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 ten- Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

#2599807/1

26(38)

(d) (e)
(f)
#2599807/1

Provided the aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 2,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness (including but not limited to the Senior Debt) or guarantee o f the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness (including but not limited to the Senior Debt) o f the Issuer is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness (including but not limited to the Senior Debt) of the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness (including but not limited to the Senior Debt) of the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
Insolvency
If for the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's, Parent's or any other Group Company's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
Creditors'process
The Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company has a substantial proportion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
27(38)

QO

(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings

The Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect o f the Issuer.

(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

Litigation

There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee (after consultations with the Issuer) is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

Material Adverse Effect

Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Parent or any other Group Company which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

(a)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from

Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders'

Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately

#2599807/1

28(38)

deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment
. . situation and the Outstanding Bonds shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause
10 2

16. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings
16.2.1 A Bondholders 'Meeting shall be held at the request of: (i) the Issuer, (ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Outstanding Bonds, (iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (iv) the Bond Trustee.
16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.
16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten - Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.
16.2.4 Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten - Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time o f distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange (if listed) for publication.
16.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.
16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.
16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the

#2599807/1

29(38)

v>d

Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.2.9 Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.
16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.
16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings
16.3.1 At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3 In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a)

amendment o f the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor,

redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds;

(b)

transfer o f rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer); or

(c)

change o f Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

#2599807/1

OP
30(38)

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
16.4.1 If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.
17. THE BOND TRUSTEE
17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange o f relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.
17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.
17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
17.1.4 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

#2599807/1

c#>
31(38)

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.
17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1.3 and/or 17.1.4 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.
17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.
17.2 Liability and indemnity
17.2.1 The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
17.2.2 The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.
17.3 Change of Bond Trustee
17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
17.3.3 The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.
17.4 Appointment of Security Agent
17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.
The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.
Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

#2599807/1

32(38)

17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.
Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 The community of Bondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the

Securities Register; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that;

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other,

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement,

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders,

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the

#2599807/1

33(38)

"Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Final Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);

(b)

the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable

acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize

income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if

applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will

be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the

same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;

(c)

no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of

establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from

bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on

the 181st day after the date o f establishment of the pledge;

(d)

neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or

violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the

articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;

(e)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by a director of

the Parent that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of

preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of

defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or

others;

(f)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion

reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge

(including certificate from a director of the Parent and a legal opinion from its legal

counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied

with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors

of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest

in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after

the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be

subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or

similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction

where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the

Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;

(a)

the Issuer and/or Parent shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in

Clause 13, except Clause 13.2 (.Information Covenants), however so that the Bond

Trustee may give a waiver in respect o f the obligations therein;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

#2599807/1

34(38)

(c)

any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the

Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to

be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant

register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(d)

all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a)- (c) above) shall remain fully

in force without any modifications.

18.2.3 All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information
18.4.1 The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.
18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments
All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval o f all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information
18.6.1 Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3 Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party;

(b)

if by telefax, when received.

#2599807/1

35(38)

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place o f receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.
18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue
18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.
18.7.2 All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.
$$ $$$

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

......................

By: E L L .£ A / S & / C A N D

Position:

RA H.. -or Ajctj

-

. in

-

, J

/

Bond Trustee
By:
Position:

.................................
£ . £>(LUUVtJD

#2599807/1

36(38)

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 4 7 2 2 8794 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Dear Sirs, Floatel Superior Ltd. BOND AGREEMENT 2010/2015 - ISEV N00010584246

[date]

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained in the Bond Agreement is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you; and
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied.
Copies o f our latest [Financial Statement /Quarterly Financial Report] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully, Floatel Superior Ltd.

Name o f authorizedperson Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

#2599807/1

37(38)

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax:

+ 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10

E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Floatel Superior Ltd.. BOND AGREEMENT 2010/2015 - ISIN N00010584246

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date | wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event o f Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Floatel Superior Ltd.

Floatel International Ltd.

Name o f authorizedperson

Name o f authorizedperson

Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

#2599807/1

38(38) =K£g>

