Execution version BOND TERMS
FOR PANDION ENERGY AS SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2018/2023
ISIN N00010820103
L,,9740044_V1 03.04.18 92656-148

2/46

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION.................................................................................................................3

2. THE BONDS...............................................................................

15

3. THE BONDHOLDERS.......................................................................................................... 16

4. ADMISSION TO LISTIN G .................................................................................................... 16

5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS...................................................................................... 17

6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEM ENT...............................................................................17

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND W ARRANTIES.....................................................................18

8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS.................................................................... 20

9. IN TER EST.................................................................................................................................22

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF B O N D S........................................................ 22

11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF B O N D S ...................................

24

12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................25

13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS...........................................................26

14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS............................ 30

15. BONDHOLDERS'DECISIONS............................................................................................ 33

16. THE BOND TR U ST E E ...........................................................................................................38

17. AMENDMENTS AND W A IV ERS.......................................................................................41

18. M ISCELLANEOUS................................................................................................................. 42

19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISD ICTIO N .....................................................................44

Schedule 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

L 9740044 V I 03.04 18 92656-148

3/46

BOND TERMS between

ISSUER:

Pandion Energy AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 918 175 334 and LEI-code 254900KM09KTQQWVIB86

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT8 5.

DATED:

3 April 2018

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
The following terms will have the following meanings:
"Acceptable Bank" means, in relation to Cash and Cash Equivalents, a commercial bank, savings bank or trust company which has a rating of BBB+ or higher from S&P Ratings Service or Baal or higher from Moody's Investor Service Limited or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised credit rating agency for its long term debt obligations.
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person:
(a) any person which is a Subsidiary of that person;
(b) any person who has Decisive Influence over that person (directly or indirectly); and
(c) any person which is a Subsidiary of an entity who has Decisive Influence (directly or indirectly) over that person.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement, management commentary and report of the board of directors.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Bond Currency" means Norwegian Kroner (NOK), being the legal currency of Norway.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.

L 9740044.V1 03.04.18 92656-148

4/46
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 14 (Bondholders' Decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open and the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day {Modified Following).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means on any relevant date, the aggregate equivalent in USD on such date of the then current market value of:
(a) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or on deposit accounts with an Acceptable Bank; and
(b) time deposits with Acceptable Banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an Acceptable Bank,
in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Security other than securing the Reserve Based Lending Facility (and any Permitted Hedging sharing the same security package).
"Change of Control Event" means a person or group of persons acting in concert gaining, directly or indirectly, Decisive Influence over the Issuer, other than the Sponsor, Affiliates controlled by the Sponsor and/or funds advised by Kerogen Capital.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

5/46
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Development Asset" means any Hydrocarbon Asset in respect of which a plan for development and operation (No.: "Plan for utvikling og drift") (or equivalent) has been approved by the relevant authorities and which is not a Production Asset.
"EBITDAX" means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the Group's aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, any items treated as exceptional or extraordinary items, depreciation, amortization and exploration expenditures for that Relevant Period. EBITDAX for any Relevant Period in 2018 to be annualized based on figures from 1 January 2018.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 (Events o fDefault).
"Exchange" means:
(a) the Nordic ABM, a self-regulated marketplace organised and operated by Oslo Børs; or
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Exploration Activities" means all exploration activities related to an Exploration Asset and all other activities the costs of which are eligible for tax refund under Section 3 (c) of the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act,
"Exploration Asset" means any Hydrocarbon Asset which is not a Development Asset or a Production Asset.
"Exploration Financing Facility" means the (currently) NOK 400,000,000 revolving exploration financing facility originally dated 13 November 2017 and made between the Issuer as borrower and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and BNP Paribas as original lenders.
L_9740044_V1 03.04.18 92656-148

6/46
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP as applicable on the Issue Date, be treated as a finance or capital lease (it being understood that IAS 17 shall be applied irrespective of IFRS 16 becoming effective);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;
(h) any amount paid up or credited as paid up on any redeemable share capital;
(i) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; and
(j) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in 42 months after the Issue Date.
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in Norway including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

7/46
interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time. "Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time. "Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group. "Hydrocarbon Asset" means each of the hydrocarbon licences, PSCs and blocks held by any Group Company at any time. "Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). "Initial Subordinated Loans" means any and all of the below listed Subordinated Loans used for inter alia funding of the Issuer's acquisition of a 10 per cent, participation interest in the Valhall Licenses: (a) a loan in the initial amount of USD 42,937,169 from Kerogen Investments No. 28
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 22 December 2017; (b) a loan in the initial amount of USD 56,974,790 from Kerogen Investments No. 28A
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 22 December 2017; (c) a loan in the initial amount of USD 20,088,041 from Kerogen Investments No. 28B
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 22 December 2017; (d) a loan in the initial amount of USD 6,667,093 from Kerogen Investments No. 28
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 4 January 2018; (e) a loan in the initial amount of USD 213,726 from Kerogen Investments No. 28A
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 4 January 2018; (f) a loan in the initial amount of USD 3,119,181 from Kerogen Investments No. 28B
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 4 January 2018; (g) a loan in the initial amount of USD 2,833,516 from Kerogen Investments No. 28
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 30 January 2018; (h) a loan in the initial amount of USD 90,833 from Kerogen Investments No. 28A
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 30 January 2018; and (i) a loan in the initial amount of USD 1,325,651 from Kerogen Investments No. 28B
Holding Limited under a loan agreement dated 30 January 2018.
"Insolvent" means that a person: (a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due; (b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
L_9740044_V1 03.04 18 92656-148

8/46
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement, in form and substance acceptable to the Bond Trustee, to be entered into between the RBL Facility Agent, the RBL Security Agent, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (as trustee for the Bondholders).
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period, the first Interest Payment Date being 4 July 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 4 January, 4 April, 4 July and 4 October each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on each Quarter Date in each year, prepared in accordance with GAAP and including a profit and loss account, balance sheet and cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the board of directors.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 4 April 2018.
"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer.
"Kerogen Capital" means a private equity fund manager acting under the trading name of "Kerogen Capital" or similar and being under the control of Ivor Orchard and/or Jason Cheng.".
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Debt to EBITDAX.
"Listing Failure Event" means :
(a) that the Issuer has not applied for the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange within 6 months following the Issue Date; or
(b) in case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of 6 months has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange.
L_9740044_V1 03.04,18 92656-148

9/46
"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 102.49 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds, less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the relevant record date, to and including the First Call Date,
where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate 2.0 per cent., and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall equal the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given.
"Manager" means each of DNB Bank ASA, DNB Markets and Pareto Securities AS.
"Mandatory Repurchase Event" means any reduction of the Issuer's ownership in the Valhall Licences.
"Margin" means 7.25 per cent.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the ability of the Issuer to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 4 April 2023, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Debt" means Total Financial Indebtedness less the aggregate of Liquidity, any Subordinated Loans and (without double counting) the Exploration Financing Facility and/or any Permitted Exploration Financing.
"Newco" means a Norwegian limited liability company incorporated prior to a Transaction, with no previous operations or activities, with no liabilities and with no assets other than the proceeds from share subscriptions and having ultimately identical, directly or indirectly, shareholders and shareholding as the Issuer, prior to and immediately after, a Transaction.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o fBonds) or any other amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.2, paragraph (j).
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
L_9740044_V1 03.04,18 92656-148

10/46
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD, being DNB Bank ASA.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Exploration Financing" means any financing arrangement provided by commercial banks on ordinary terms customary for such arrangements and whereby the amount of Financial Indebtedness made available thereunder is set by reference to (and shall not exceed the tax value of the amount of) the borrower's costs eligible for annual tax refund under Section 3(c) of the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act, including the Exploration Financing Facility.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Finance Documents;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness incurred in relation to the Reserve Based Lending Facility;
(c) any Financial Indebtedness under any Permitted Exploration Financing;
(d) any additional secured Financial Indebtedness (secured on a first priority basis) provided by banks, multi-lateral agencies, export credit agencies or other similar reputable financial institutions and incurred by the Issuer and/or any Group Company for the purpose of financing (i) the acquisition or development of any Production Asset and any Development Asset, (ii) a portfolio of Hydrocarbon Assets including one or more Production Asset(s) and Development Asset(s), or (iii) the shares of any acquired entity owning any Production Asset and any Development Asset;
(e) any additional unsecured Financial Indebtedness (including bonds, notes and similar debt instruments) incurred or issued by the Issuer (with the same purpose as such Financial Indebtedness as referred to in item (d) above) and with no Financial Support from any other Group Company and with a maturity date falling after the Maturity Date of the Bonds and with no amortisation until after the Maturity Date of the Bonds;
(f) any secured non-recourse project bonds, notes or similar capital market instruments issued by a Group Company other than the Issuer and with no Financial Support from the Issuer or any other Group Company for the purpose of project financing the acquisition or development of any Hydrocarbon Asset or of the shares of any acquired entity owning any Hydrocarbon Asset;
(g) any Financial Indebtedness under any Permitted Hedging;
(h) any unsecured intra-group loan from any Group Company to another Group Company, provided that any such Financial Indebtedness owed by the Issuer shall be a Subordinated Loan;
(i) any Subordinated Loans to the Issuer;
L_9740044 V1 03,04.18 92656-148

11/46
(j) any Financial Indebtedness under finance or capital lease of vehicles, equipment, computers, production, storage and export facilities or other relevant asset incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(k) any Financial Indebtedness in relation to letters of credit, that are:
(i) issued in respect of any Group Company's obligations in the ordinary course of business;
(ii) issued in respect of decommissioning; or
(iii) required under any applicable law;
(l) any Financial Indebtedness as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity, and such Financial Indebtedness is incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition and such Financial Indebtedness is discharged within 90 days of the acquisition; and
(m) any refinancing (including increase), extension, amendment or replacement of any of Financial Indebtedness referred to in items (a) to (d) above from time to time.
"Permitted Financial Support" means:
(a) Financial Support granted under or in relation to the Finance Documents;
(b) Financial Support in connection with Permitted Financial Indebtedness referred to in items (a), (b), (d), (f), (g), (j), (1) and (m) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness; and
(c) Financial Support being Permitted Security.
"Permitted Hedging" means non-speculative hedging of currency, interest rate and commodity risks.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) Security granted in relation to such Permitted Financial Indebtedness as referred to under items (a), (b), (d), (f), (g), (j), 0) and (m) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness;
(b) with respect to Permitted Exploration Financing, Security over the annual tax refund under Section 3(c) of the Norwegian Petroleum Tax Act, relevant insurances and the bank account to which such tax refund shall be paid into;
(c) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer or any other Group Company (as the case may be) in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances of the Issuer (if applicable);
(d) any lien arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer or any other Group Company; and
L_9740044^V1 03.04.18 92656-148

12/46
(e) any Security arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to the Issuer or any other Group Company (as the case may be) in the ordinary course of trading and on the relevant supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer or any other Group Company.
"Production Asset" means any Hydrocarbon Asset which has achieved a continuing commercial production of hydrocarbons for not less than six (6) months.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event.
"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"RBL Facility Agent" shall have the meaning given to that term in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"RBL Security Agent" shall have the meaning given to that term in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Reference Rate" shall mean:
NIBOR, (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being;
(a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period;
(i) the linear interpolation between the two closest relevant interest periods, and with the same number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number of commercial banks reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee; or
(c) if no quotation is available under paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for the relevant Interest Period.
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

13/46
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any date for payment of instalments in accordance with Clause 10.1 (.Redemption o f Bonds), any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Reserve Based Lending Facility" means an up to USD 150,000,000 (plus a USD 150,000,000 accordion option) senior secured based revolving credit facility between, among others, reputable commercial banks as lenders and the Issuer as borrower.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Sponsor" means:
(a) Kerogen Investments No. 28 Holding Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in British Virgin Islands with company no. 1928209;
(b) Kerogen Investments No.28A Holding Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in British Virgin Islands with company no. 1955614; and/or
(c) Kerogen Investments No.28B Holding Limited a limited liability company incorporated in British Virgin Islands with company no. 1955618.
"Subordinated Loan" means Financial Indebtedness which:
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

(a) is subordinated in right of payment to the Bonds, except for scheduled interest and principal payments that can be made (i) as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (ii) subject to the limitations in Clause 13.11 (Subordinated Loans)',
(b) does not mature or require any prepayment prior to the date on which all amounts under these Bond terms and any other Finance Documents have been paid in full; and
(c) does not provide for its acceleration or confer any right to declare any event of default prior to the date on which all amounts under these Bond Terms and any other Finance Documents have been paid in full,
and which is subject to a subordination agreement between the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the lender of the relevant Subordinated Loan.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Total Financial Indebtedness" means the aggregate of all Financial Indebtedness of the Group on a consolidated basis.
"Tax Event Repayment Date" means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Early redemption option due to a tax event).
"Transaction" means a merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation.
"Valhall Licenses" means the licenses PL006B, PL033 and PL033B containing the Valhall and Hod fields on the Norwegian Continental Shelf.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 (Written Resolutions).
Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
L_9740044j_Vl 03.04.18 92656-148

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;
(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;
(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;
(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (Issuer's purchase o fBonds'),
(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and
(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
THE BONDS Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds (a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the amount of NOK 400,000,000.
(b) The Bonds are denominated in the Bond Currency.
(c) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is NOK 500 000.
(d) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010820103. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.
Tenor of the Bonds The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
Use of proceeds The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of legal costs, fees of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) for refinancing of the Initial Subordinated Loan and general corporate purposes of the Issuer.
Status of the Bonds The Bonds will constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application), but shall be subordinated to the Reserve Based Lending Lacility as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.
L 9740044 VI 03.04 18 92656-148

16/46

2.5 Transaction Security The Bonds are unsecured.

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall within six (6) months of the Issue Date apply for the Bonds to be admitted to

listing on an Exchange.

1^9740044 ,V1 03.04.18 92656-148

17/46

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to tbe Issuer
(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds to the Issuer shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties hereto;

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(iii) a certified copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the corporate resolutions) from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party';

(iv) certified copies of the Issuer's articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of the Issuer evidencing that the Issuer is validly existing;

(v) copies of the Issuer's latest Financial Reports (if any);

(vi) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;

(vii) confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a result of the issuance of the Bonds;

(viii) confirmation from the Issuer that it is not the debtor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness and that it has not granted any Security or provided any Financial Support, other than as expressly permitted under these Bond Terms;

L 9740044 VI 03,04,18 92656-148

18/46

(ix) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;

(x) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;

(xi) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto;

(xii) any other Finance Document duly executed by the parties thereto; and

(xiii) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents).

(b) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may, regarding this Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), waive the requirements for documentation, or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.

6.2 Distribution
Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 {Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (b) of Clause 6.1 above.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 {Representations and warranties), in respect of itself to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:

(a) at the date of these Bond Terms; and

(b) at the Issue Date:

7.1 Status
It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for

L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

19/46
therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order, (ii) its constitutional documents or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (a) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Terms or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(b) No other event or circumstance has occurred which constitutes (or with the expiry of any grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
L_9740044_V1 03.04.18 92656-148

20/46
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4.
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.
8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS 8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.
(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.
(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

21/46
8.2 Default interest (a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional 3.0 per cent, per annum.
(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.
8.3 Partial Payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee;
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Acceleration of the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions).
8.4 Taxation (a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to be made by it in relation to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Issuer shall, if any tax is withheld in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents:
(i) gross up the amount of the payment due from it up to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be, receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been received if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) at the request of the Bond Trustee, deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax deduction or withholding has been made.
L 9740044 VI 03,04.18 92656-148

22/46

(b) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

8.5 Currency
(a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.

(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.

9.2 Payment of interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.

L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

23/46
10.2 Voluntary early redemption - Call Option (a) The Issuer may redeem all or part of the Outstanding Bonds (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:
(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 102.5 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds);
(iii) Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 54 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 101.7 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds); and
(iv) the Interest Payment Date falling 54 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond (plus accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds).
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than 20, Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The
L_9740044_V1 03.04.18 92656-148

24/46
Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Early redemption option due to a tax event If the Issuer is or will be required to gross up any withheld tax imposed by law from any payment in respect of the Bonds under the Finance Documents pursuant to Clause 8.4 {Taxation) as a result of a change in applicable law implemented after the date of these Bond Terms, the Issuer will have the right to redeem all, but not only some, of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. The Issuer shall give written notice of such redemption to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Tax Event Repayment Date, provided that no such notice shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold such tax were a payment in respect of the Bonds then due.
10.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Mandatory Repurchase Event Upon a Mandatory Repurchase Event, the Issuer shall offer to redeem all Bonds. The Issuer must offer to the Bondholders to redeem all Bonds at lOlper cent, of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued interest on the redeemed Bonds up to and including the settlement date for such redemption) for a 30 day period from the date the proceeds from the disposal(s) constituting the Mandatory Repurchase Event are received by the Issuer. If no proceeds are to be received by the Issuer, the 30 day period shall be calculated from the occurrence of the Mandatory Repurchase Event.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, sold or discharged in the Issuer's sole discretion, including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

25/46
these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website or Stamdata (alternatively on another relevant information platform) for public distribution as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website or Stamdata (alternatively on another relevant information platform) for public distribution as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Interim Accounts pursuant to Clause 12.1 (b) (Financial Reports), a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the Interim Accounts attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the Interim Accounts are fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements and setting out (in reasonable detail) computations evidencing compliance with Clause 13.21 (Financial Covenants) as at such date.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event or Mandatory Repurchase Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event or a Mandatory Repurchase Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

26/46
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the CSD; and
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and financial undertakings).
13.1 Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each Group Company will, ensure that its obligations under these Bond Terms shall at all times rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 2.4 (Status o f the Bonds).
13.2 Mergers and de-mergers (a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, carry out any Transaction involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer or any Group Company with any other person other than with a Group Company (and in any event the Issuer shall be the surviving entity of such Transaction between the Issuer and a Group Company), save for a Transaction between the Issuer and a Newco upon which such Newco shall be the surviving entity for the sole purpose of establishing a group with a pure holding company above the Issuer. The Issuer's obligations under these Bond Terms and the other Finance Documents will be assumed by the relevant Newco as a legal consequence of such Transaction, together with all other assets, rights and obligations of the Issuer. Such Transaction shall in any event be completed in accordance with such terms and procedures as agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, no Transaction shall be completed if it would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Issuer or such Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3 Continuation of business The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, cease to carry on its business, if such cessation would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Nature of business The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of the date hereof, or as contemplated by these Bond Terms.
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

27/46

13.5 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.6 Operations
The Issuer shall ensure that the operations of any Group Company are conducted in accordance with acknowledged practices related to the oil and gas business in all material respects if a failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.7 Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject from time to time, if failure so to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.8 Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters, adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as would normally be maintained by owners and/or operators owning similar assets to those owned by the relevant Group Company, acting in accordance with good industry practice in their relevant jurisdiction.

13.9 Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.10

Distribution restrictions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or payments to its shareholders, whether in cash or in kind, including without limitation any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect.

13.11

Subordinated Loans
The Issuer shall not make any payments, repayments or prepayments, whether in cash or in kind (including by set-off or netting) (each a "Payment") of any amount of interest, fees, costs, expenses or principal under or related to a Subordinated Loan, other than:

(a) after the Reserve Based Lending Facility has been duly executed by all parties thereto, Payments of the Initial Subordinated Loan using the net proceeds of the Bonds as set out in Clause 2.3 of these Bond Terms and part of the net proceeds from the initial drawdown of the Reserve Based Lending Facility, provided that, such repayment of Initial Subordinated Loans shall not exceed USD 93,000,000 in cash repayment and after such repayment using the net proceeds of the Bonds and the net proceeds from the initial drawdown under the Reserve Based Lending Facility, the amount of equity injected in cash in the Issuer shall be a minimum of USD 111,000,000 and the Initial Subordinated Loan shall have been repaid in full;

(b) any conversion of Subordinated Loans to equity in the Issuer or a Group Company;

L_f9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

28/46

(c) any repayment of interest and principal on Subordinated Loans incurred for the purpose of bridge financing any acquisitions or other capital or operational expenditures, provided that:

(i) such Subordinated Loan has an effective interest rate not exceeding 50 per cent, of the Interest Rate;

(ii) the amount of any interest or fees payable in respect of such Subordinated Loans do not exceed in aggregate USD 2,000,000 in any financial year; and

(iii) any repayment of principal is repaid by using the proceeds from Permitted Financial Indebtedness or new equity paid in cash, in each case incurred (in case of Permitted Financial Indebtedness) or raised (in case of equity) after the Subordinated Loan was incurred,

provided in each case that no Payment may be made as long as an Event of Default is continuing or if an Event of Default would result from the making of such Payment.

13.12

Subsidiaries' distributions
Save for obligations under the Permitted Financial Indebtedness, the Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to subsist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to:

(a) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders;

(b) service any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer;

(c) make any loans to the Issuer; or

(d) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer;

if the creation of such contractual obligation is reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under these Bond Terms.

13.13

Disposal of assets/business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(a) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions;

(b) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c) in case of a Mandatory Repurchase Event, the Bonds are partially or fully redeemed to the extent required by Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Mandatory Repurchase Event).

L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

29/46

13.14

Financial Indebtedness
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness.

(b) Paragraph (a) above shall not prohibit any Group Company to incur, maintain or prolong any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.15

Negative pledge
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its/their present or future assets or revenues.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Security.

13.16

Financial support restrictions
(a) Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, grant any loans, guarantees or other Financial Support to or for the benefit of any third party or other Group Companies.

(b) Paragraph (a) above does not apply to any Permitted Financial Support.

13.17

Norwegian Continental Shelf The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, only operate, own and acquire Hydrocarbon Assets on the Norwegian continental shelf.

13.18

Exploration spending restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, spend any post-tax exploration costs on Exploration Activities in excess of the higher of (x) USD 10,000,000 or (y) an amount equal to 10 per cent, of EBITDAX per calendar year, unless such Exploration Activities are funded by new cash equity or Subordinated Loans.

13.19

Hedging restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, enter into any hedging arrangements not being Permitted Hedging. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer (or any Group Company, as the case may be) shall not, whether under a hedging arrangement or any other agreement, be permitted to incur, create or permit any financial arrangement whereby any party is granted any right to a payment as a percentage or other proportion of such Group Company's present or future sales proceeds, income, earnings, or revenue deriving directly or indirectly from the Hydrocarbon Assets (whether secured or unsecured).

13.20

Notification:
The Issuer shall promptly inform, and procure that any relevant Group Company promptly informs, the Bond Trustee of the occurrence of any event which could reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, withdrawal, cancellation, termination, suspension, forfeiture or variation of any Hydrocarbon Asset, if such event would have a Material Adverse Effect.

L_9740044_V1 03.04.18 92656-148

30/46
13.21 Financial Covenants The Issuer shall comply with the following:
(a) Liquidity. The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Liquidity of minimum USD 10,000,000.
(b) Leverage Ratio'. The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio of not more than 3.5x.
(c) The Issuer undertakes to comply with the financial covenants set out in this Clause 13.21 at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer by the delivery of a Compliance Certificate, with the delivery of each Interim Account. The Compliance Certificate may be made available by the Bond Trustee to the Bondholders. The above financial covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

31/46
Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross default
If for the Issuer and/or any other Group Company:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that the amount of any single such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above exceeds an amount of NOK 50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency).
(e) Insolvency and insolvency proceedings
The Issuer and/or any other Group Company:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its' ability to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph (d) (Cross default) above; or
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

32/46
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any winding-up petition, analogous action or procedure if such proceeding is being contested in good faith and is discharged or struck out within ten (10) Business Days of the date on which such proceeding is initiated or any winding-up petition, analogous action or procedure which the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably) is satisfied to be frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process.
(f) Creditor's process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer or any other Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross default) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(a) the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(b) the ability of the Bond Trustee to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders'instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 {Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
L_9740044_V1 03,04.18 92656-148

33/46
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 (Events o f Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 {Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50 per cent, of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 {Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee.
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

34/46
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 {Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

35/46
the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairperson and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may
cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant
L 9740044 VI 03.04,18 92656-148

36/46
evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting) and Clause 15.3 {Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 {Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

37/46
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 15.3 {Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 {Procedurefor arranging Bondholders Meetings); or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 {Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f Bondholders' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15A{Authority o fBondholders' Meeting).
L 9740044 V I 03,04.18 92656-148

38/46
THE BOND TRUSTEE
Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance
Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
L 9740044 VI 03 04 18 92656-148

39/46
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
L_9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

40/46
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 15.2 (Procedure fo r arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
L 9740044 VI 03.04,18 92656-148

41/46
Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15
(Bondholders' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this Clause 16.5 (.Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Tmstee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Procedure for amendments and waivers (a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to
amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 {Bondholders'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in
L 974 0044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

42/46
an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 (Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
L_9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

43/46
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
L_9740044_V1 03 04 18 92656-148

44/46
the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 (Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 13 (General and financial undertakings); (b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full. (c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required. A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed. 19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court. 19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 (Governing law and jurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right: (a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any of its assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and (b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.
- 000-
L 9740044 VI 03.04.18 92656-148

45/46

These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.

SIGNATURES:

The Issuer: Pandion Energy AS

As Bond Trustee: Nordic Trustee AS

<2 / f l j

x

&

By: U

Position: O ^<7 v

By: Position:

L 9740044 VI 03 04 18 92656-148

45/46
These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.
SIGNATURES:
L_9740044_V1 03 04.18 92656-148

46/46
SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
[date] Pandion Energy AS senior unsecured callable bond issue 2018/2023 - ISIN N00010820103
We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 13.21 of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [**]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (.Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. [The financial covenants set out in Clause 13.21 (Financial Covenants) are met, please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto]. We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, Pandion Energy AS
Name o fauthorised person Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]
L 9740044 V I 03.04.18 92656-148

