ISINNO 001 0542509
BOND AGREEMENT between
Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 20 per cent Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2010

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tiilitsmann ASA
3 9 10 10 10 11 13 15 15 16 18 19 19 24 25 27 30 32

y f M.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 12 October 2009 between
(1) Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited (a company incorporated in Singapore with Company No. 2007149S6E) as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1,} Definitions

In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):

"Aceount M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.

"Assignments of Construction C ontracts" means the first priority assignments by the Issuer of the Construction Contracts in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement,

"Assignments of Earnings and Insurances" means the first priority assignment by each o f the Vessel Owners o f the (i) receivables related to the Vessels (including earnings under any charters or bare-boat agreements for hire) and (ii) insurance policies taken out by each o f the Vessel Owners relating to the Vessels in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"B ank Account Charge" means a first priority charge or assignment in all bank accounts opened by the Issuer in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.

"Bondholders* Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.

(

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders51underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding if the interest period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Call O ption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control" means that any investor or group o f investors which are under single control, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% o f the voting shares o f the Issuer.
"Construction C ontracts" means the following construction contracts relevant to the conversion and reconstruction o f the Vessels:
(i) the conversion contract between the Issuer and the Yard dated 5 November 2007;
(ii) the management contract between the Issuer and Equinox Energy Holdings Pte. Ltd. dated 21 November 2007; and
(iii) the engineering contract between the Issuer and Equinox Offshore Engineering Pte. Ltd. dated 2 March 2009.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, Hen, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security other than (i) liens for current crew's wages and salvage, (ii) liens incurred in the ordinary course o f trading, and (iii) liens incurred in respect o f the conversion or reconstruction o f a vessel including any possessory lien o f the Yard.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer established prior to the Issue Date and blocked in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge by the Issuer o f the Escrow Account in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: (i) moneys borrowed; (ii) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or
dematerialised equivalent; (iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue o f
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; (iv) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract
which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; (v) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis); (vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; (vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); (viii) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect o f a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; (ix) the amount o f any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (viii) above.
"GAAP" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated, in force from time to time.
"G roup" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a " G roup Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"G uarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee (Norwegian "Sehskyldnergaranti") from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.
"G uarantors" means the Subsidiaries.
"Interest Payment Date" means 13 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 13 October 2009,
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.
"M aterial Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated assets o f the Group, or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated net sales o f the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets o f another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets o f the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets o f the Group (as the case may be).
"M aturity Date" means 13 October 2010 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway,
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor(s).

Norsk TflHtemuin ASA
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value o f the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds,
"Payment Bate" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Quarter Bate" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December,
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as o f each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64,
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bonds are registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to this Bond Agreement.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances created (or to be created) by the Security Documents, including but not limited to:
(i) the Assignments of Construction Contracts; (ii) the Assignments o f Earnings and Insurances; (iii) the Escrow Account Pledge; (iv) the Vessel Mortgages; (v) the Bank Account Charge; (vi) the Share Charge; and (vii) the Guarantee.
"Share Charge" means (i) the first priority charge by the Issuer o f all o f its shares in Equinox Offshore ARV 1 Pte. Ltd, and Equinox Offshore ARV 2 Pte. Ltd. and (ii) the first priority charge by Equinox Offshore ARV 2 Pte, Ltd, of all o f its shares in Equinox Offshore ARV 2 (Cyprus) Pte. Ltd., in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement,

Norslc Tillitsmamt ASA
"Subsidiary" means the 100% owned, directly or indirectly, subsidiaries of the Issuer as follows: (i) Equinox Offshore ARV 1 Pte. Ltd.; (ii) Equinox Offshore ARV 2 Pte. Ltd. and (iii) a wholly owned subsidiary of Equinox Offshore ARV 2 Pte. Ltd., Equinox Offshore ARV 2 (Cyprus) Pte. Ltd.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USB" means US Dollars, being the legal currency o f the United States o f America.
"Vessel M ortgage" means a first priority cross collateralized mortgage over each of the Vessels including any necessary and relevant equipment in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.
"Vessel #1" means "ARV 1", a passenger/Ro-Ro vessel (IMO No, 7816874), built in 1979 in Papenburg, Germany, registered in the ownership of Equinox Offshore ARV 1 Pte. Ltd. in the Bahamas Ship Registry with call sign C6WU4, including all relevant equipment that is part of the accommodation vessel scope (being attached to the vessel or not),
"Vessel #2" means "Normandy", a passenger/Ro-Ro vessel (IMO No. 7901772), built in 1982 in Gothenburg, Sweden, registered in the ownership o f Equinox Offshore ARV 2 (Cyprus) Pte. Ltd. in the Cyprus Ship Registry with call sign 5BDU2, including all relevant equipment that is part of the accommodation vessel scope (being attached to the vessel or not),
"Vessel Owners" means (i) Equinox Offshore ARV 1 Pte. Ltd. as the direct owner of Vessel #1 and (ii) Equinox Offshore ARV 2 (Cyprus) Pte. Ltd. as the direct owner of Vessel #2.
"Vessels" means Vessel #1 and Vessel #2.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Boards less the Issuer's Bonds.
"Y ard" means Sembawang Shipyard Pte. Ltd,, Admiralty Road West, Singapore 759956, a 100% owned yard o f Sembcorp Marine.
Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

Norsk THHtsmann ASA

(e) references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may he amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies o f an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and
(h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds, bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as the initial Bondholders in the subscription agreements who. granted authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf, while all Bond transfers are subject to die terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon a completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2,2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 34,400,000 (U.S. Dollar 34,400,000).

The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 100,000 each and shall rank pari passu.

The Bond Issue will be described as "/20 per cent Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2009/2010".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0542509.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

Norsk TiHifsmann ASA

2.3.1

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be employed to (i) partly finance the conversion and refurbishment of Vessel #1 including all costs related thereto (up to USD 23 million), (ii) finance existing commitments related to Vessel #2 (up to USD 2 million), (iii) redeem existing shareholder loans (up to USD 4 million), and (iv) for general corporate and working capital purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligations to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are fisted, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions o f the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers
5.1.1 The Bonds are not offered to and may not he subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver .to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.
The Bonds will not he offered or sold in Singapore, nor will any offering document or material related to the Bonds, directly or indirectly, be circulated or distributed, to

V Aka

Norsk TiHftsmaim ASA

the public or any member of the public, other than in accordance with the relevant safe harbour provisions of the securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) of Singapore.

5.1.2 The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada,

5.2 Transfer restrictions

5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

5.2.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two - 2 - Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents and evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;
(c) where necessary, a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts horn the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles o f Association o f the Issuer;
(e) the last Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

Norsk THlttsmann ASA
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation from the Issuer or any other Obligor in accordance with Clause 7,3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth hi Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(k) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(m) establishment of the Escrow Account, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledge from the bank);
(n) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for the registration and establishment o f the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, however such that the Security Documents may be established after the Issue Date, see Clause 8,3; and
(o) a corporate legal opinion for each Obligor regarding (b) - (d) above.
6.2 The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d) and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Bonds will be made available to the Issuer on the Issue Date.
6.4 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.5 Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.6 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.5, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

Norsk TilHtsmatm ASA

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary cojporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save for the filing of the statement containing particulars of charges for the relevant Security Documents with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority o f Singapore) no further registration, filing, payment of tax (save for stamp duty payable on the relevant Security Documents) or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document,
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its memorandum and articles of association; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, save where such conflict does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving o f notice, lapse of time, determination o f materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect, save where any such non-compliance does not have a Material Adverse

ikm

Norsk Tiilitsmami ASA
Effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect, save where any such non-compliance does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The most recent Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports o f the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as of their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date o f the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto, any o f which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectualproperty The Issuer has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets, save where any non-compliance with this provision does not result in any Material Adverse Effect.
(n) No withholdings

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims o f its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any of the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement, save where any non-compliance with this provision does not result in any Material Adverse Effect.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors (except item (p) - if not stated otherwise under Clause 13) and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement horn the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1,
7.4 In the event o f misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnity the Bond Trustee for any losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term o f the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead o f subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests, see also Clause 8.3.
8.3 From the Issue Date the Bonds will be secured by the Escrow Account Pledge. Amounts released Horn the Escrow Account shall only be used in accordance with Clause 2.3.1 and upon presentation of a release notice substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto. No release shall take place before the establishment of the Vessel Mortgages, the Share Charge and the Assignments of Construction Contracts.

9

Interest

V
Aw

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 20 per cent per annum (the "Fixed R ate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 13 October 2010.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from and including one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect o f the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number o f days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day o f the month of February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest TM Face

Amount

Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

9.6 If a Tax Deduction is to made by the Issuer under Clause 14.5 below, then the amount of the interest payment due horn the Issuer under this Bond Agreement shall be increased ("grossed up") to an amount which, after making all the Tax Deductions required, leaves an amount equal to payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction would have been required by law.

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem parts o f the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) any time from 13 February 2010 to, but not including, 13 June 2010 at 105% o f par value plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount,

(ii) any time from and including 13 June 2010 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at 102.50 of par value plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

Norsk TiHitsmann ASA

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount o f such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date,

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds,

10,3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change o f Control each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100 % o f par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bondholders o f a Change o f Control, Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control has taken place.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen 15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Redemption

10.4.1

If any o f the Vessels or the Construction Contracts is sold or disposed o f or terminated (in respect of contracts) to an entity not being a Subsidiary o f the Issuer or any o f the Vessels is subject to a total loss at any time from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, or if any of the Issuer's shares in Equinox Offshore ARV 1 Pte Ltd or Equinox Offshore ARV 2 Pte Ltd are sold or any of Equinox Offshore ARV 2 Pte Ltd's shares in Equinox Offshore ARV 2 (Cyprus) Pte Ltd are sold, the Issuer shall redeem 100% of the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to 105% of par.

Any remaining amount on the Escrow Account may be used as partial payment for the Mandatory Redemption.

Norsk TiHilsmann ASA

10.4.2 Mandatory Redemption shall be notified by the Issuer in wilting to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty ~~30 ~ Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption.

10.4.3

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date.

10.4.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

.11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11,2,1, within five - 5 --Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

Norsk TMUsmann ASA

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15,2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11,2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent o f such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver,

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2,1 The Issuer shall

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event of Default as well as any circumstances which in the opinion o f the Issuer may lead to an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or materially change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end of the financial year and 30 days after each Quarter Date;

(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance o f the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2 13.2.3

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations. The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of Its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall he undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking

Norsk Tiliitsmann ASA
The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims o f all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are mandatorily preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations o f the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries
shall not cease to carry on its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
(z) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose o f all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
See however Clause 10,4.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 of the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholdersdirectors and affiliated companies
V /Hffr

Norsk Til1ifsmiarrat ASA
The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent o f the shares, or (iv) any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Ownership to Material Subsidiaries The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.
(d) Subsidiaries ' distributions The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right o f any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, in each case except as provided in this Bond Agreement,
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Subsidiary shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may he subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations) unless any noncompliance with any o f the above will not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(g) Litigation The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware o f them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (i) material litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which have been
or might be started by or against any Group Company ; and (ii) other events which have occulted or might occur and which may have a
Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Changes to Construction Contracts The Issuer shall not agree to any changes to the Construction Contracts which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Bond Agreement.

Norsk Tiliifsmann ASA
(i) Preservation o f Vessels The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Vessels and their employment, which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Bond Agreement.
(j) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps or instruments with similar effect).
(k) Financial assistance The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to any third party not being a Group Company, except for guarantees issued in tire ordinary course of business and relating to the employment o f the Vessels.
(l) Financial indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, take up any other Financial Indebtedness (other than the Bonds), except for in the ordinary course of business.
(m) Investment The Issuer shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall take part in any other activity other than solely related to the Vessels.
(n) Establishment o f Security Interest The Issuer shall procure that the Security Documents are established as soon as possible after the Issue Date.
(o) Bare-boat charterer The Issuer shall procure that any charter or bare-boat agreement relating to the Vessels must be entered into by the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary.
(p) Assignment o fSecurity Interest The Issuer shall procure that no Security Interest is assigned, mortgaged or pledged to any other party.
(q) Maintenance o f Vessels The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries shall, provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Vessels and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times. During operation of the Vessels, the Issuer shall ensure that its manager runs proper maintenance of the Vessels according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system. The Vessels shall also be adequately insured against Hull & Machinery risks at least to the full value o f the Vessels, and a third party liability insurance as per industry standards, as well as any additional insurance required under any other contracts.
(r) Conversion and Modification o f Vessel #2

Norsk Tillitsmarm ASA

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that Equinox Offshore ARV 2 (Cyprus) Pte Ltd shall not, begin work on the conversion of Vessel #2 before all the Bonds are repaid; provided, however, that modification work may be performed on Vessel #2 which (i) does not reduce the value of the vessel as a trading ferry, (ii) is backed by a firm contract with a net contribution in excess of USD 18 million and (iii) is fully funded prior to the commencement of such work.
(s) Assignment o ffuture contracts in excess o f USD 5 million, guarantees and performance bonds The Issuer shall assign all future contracts in excess of USD 5 million, guarantees and performance bonds, if any, relating to the Vessels in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) within a reasonable time after entering into such agreements, as security for the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee,
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Singapore law or any other applicable law, under this Bond Agreement, and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law (the "Tax Deduction"). Clause 9,6 contains further provisions on interest rate calculation upon Tax Deductions,

V
m

Norsk TitlUsmann ASA

The Bond Trustee or the Securities Register shall provide the Issuer with information on the nationality and other matters in respect of the Bondholders relevant to calculate the Tax Deductions. If required by Singaporean authorities, the Bond Trustee or the Security Register may provide Singaporean authorities with the identity and other matters in respect o f the Bondholders relevant to calculate the Tax Deduction.

IS

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon the occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "E vent of D efault") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within five 5 -" Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within t e n - 10 - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default If for any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary, the aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f N O R 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),
(hi) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event o f default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection with the Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

flM fr

Norsk THIitsmann ASA
If for any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary:
(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any o f its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(f) Creditors 'process Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion o f the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any o f its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms o f the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation Any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are initiated by or against any Group Company or any Obligor which, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) Repudiation Any Obligor or a Material Subsidiary repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.
15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the
V
m

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, talce every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of die circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clause 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall Immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Redemption situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.4,

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders1meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution o f such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall he binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds,

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Outstanding Bonds,

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) tlie Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders>Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee, A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to die Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten - 10 Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself,

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders'Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten - 1 0 Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

Tlie Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and --provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to he assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Bond Trustee shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

163 Resolutions passed at Bondholders *meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights,

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16,4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment o f the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented,

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on die same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17,1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee, Such deadline may not be less than five - 5 - Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clause 17.1.3 or 17.1A for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

Norsk TiHifsmann ASA

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable and shall fully indemnify the Issuer in respect of direct losses incurred by Bondholders or die Issuer as a result of negligence or misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable and shall fully indemnify the Bond Trustee in respect ofall losses expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by die Bond Trustee as a result o f the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement,

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

Norsk TillHsmarm ASA

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous
18J The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders' right to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that

Mtr

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18,2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, i f applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event o f Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws

Norsk Tillitsmami ASA

affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer.

18,2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall he released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i);

(b) the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that ail Subsidiaries shall not, take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee^), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otheiwise required;

(e) all other provisions o f the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

The monetary amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

V
AM

Norsk Tillitsmarm ASA

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange, Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place,

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

kdfc

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By: A>m£*k W . / V t l r t W / t # '

Position:

m

By:

^i&i£A0<s

Position: u ; 6 < >c \?i n &OT<i

Attachment 1
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Dear Sirs,
Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited BOND AGREEMENT 2009/2010 - ISIN 001 0542509
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted.to you.
2. the covenant set out in Clause 13.x.x is satisfied
3. Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited
Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

Attachment 2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited BOND AGREEMENT 2009/2010 - ISIN 001 0542509
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk TilHtsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount o f [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event o f Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Equinox Offshore Accommodation Limited

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offinds]

