Term Sheet

ISIN: tbd

PetroMena ASA Senior Secured Bond Issue 2007/2010 with Call Options (the "Bonds")
Settlement date: Expected to 19th November 2007

Issuer:

PetroMena ASA

Guarantor:

"PetroRig IV" (TBN, 100% owned subsidiary of PetroMena ASA registered in Cyprus or other jurisdiction to be the owner of the drilling rig SS Petrolia (the Rig) as grantor of security and / or guarantor if relevant).

Currency:

USD

Loan amount:

USDm 300

Coupon rate:

10.85 % p.a.

Settlement Date:

Expected to be 19th November 2007. Notice is expected to be given to Subscribers minimum two banking days prior to Settlement Date.

Final Maturity Date: 19th November 2010 (3 years after Settlement Date) at price 100.00

First interest payment day: Last interest payment day: Interest Payments:

19th February 2008 (3 months after Settlement Date)
19th November 2010 (3 years after Settlement Date)
Interest on the Loan will commence to accrue on Settlement Date and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the interest payment day in February, May, August and November each year, or if not a Norwegian banking day on the first subsequent banking day.

Price:

100.00 (par)

Nominal value: Status of the loan:
Purpose of the Loan:

The bonds will have a nominal value of USD 100,000.
The bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for financing the planned acquisition of the Rig for USD 225 million, such acquisition to be finally approved by the general assembly of the Issuer and Petrolia Drilling ASA and for financing the construction program for rig(s) owned by subsidiaries of PetroMena ASA by financing payments under the relevant Construction Contract(s) and management cost related to the construction of rig(s) owned by subsidiaries of PetroMena ASA. This may include the establishement of performance bonds towards charterers (the "Guarantees") to secure employment of the Rig and the three rigs under construction. In addition, the proceeds may be used for servicing of the Bond described herein if not already used as described above.

Dividend Clause: Security:

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall not make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions or loans to its shareholder(s).

The Bonds together with accrued interests and expenses shall be secured by:

(i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (vi) (vii) (viii) (ix)
(x) (xi)

a 1st priority mortgage against the Rig and related insurances to the Rig, a 1st priority assignment of Net Earnings related to the Rig a 1st priority pledge in 100% of the shares in the Guarantor (the subsidiary to
be the owner of the Rig) a 1st priority pledge in the Escrow Account(s) a 2nd priority pledge in 100% of the shares in the subsidiary PetroRig I Pte
Ltd with priority behind the First Priority Debt a 2nd priority pledge in 100% of the shares in the subsidiary PetroRig II Pte
Ltd with priority behind the First Priority Debt a 2nd priority pledge in 100% of the shares in the subsidiary PetroRig III Pte
Ltd with priority behind the First Priority Debt a 1st priority pledge against the Net Earnings on the Cash Sweep Escrow
Account a 1st pri pledge against the Net Earnings LOG Earnings Account (the account
where payments from Pemex to the manager of the Rig under the Pemex
Contract or any subsequent contract is paid) a 1st priority pledge against the Operating Account (related to working capital
of USDm 1-3 the manager of the Rig is entitled to have related to the Rig) a 1st priority charge over the receivables (if any) arising under intra-group
loans made available from the Issuer to a member of the Group

Net Earnings shall mean Cash Flow less Operating Cost.

Cash Flow shall mean the payments from Pemex to the manager of the Rig under the Pemex Contract (being a contract with Pemex in respect of the Rig with a duration of approximately 2,5 years) or any subsequent contracts after the expiry of the Pemex Contract, entered into with an operator for the Rig (an operational contract).

Operating Cost shall mean and include, but not be limited to, management fee, management costs, operating and maintenance cost, administration cost and tax and other official charges and cost related to the Rig and/or the Guarantor.

The assignment of Net Earnings and the pledge of LOG Earnings Account and Operating Account will be assigned/pledged to the Guarantor as security for its claim for payment under the management agreement and thereafter sub-assigned to the Trustee.

The Cash Flow will be placed in the LOG Earnings Account (an account in the name of the manager of the Rig). After deductions of Operating Cost, the Net Earnings shall be placed on a separate Cash Sweep Escrow Account in the name of the Guarantor and the proceeds on the said account shall only be used for servicing directly or indirectly of the Bonds described herein and payment of Operating Cost.

The First Priority Debt: means the maximum amount of USD 600 million (plus accrued interest and expenses) of senior debt facilities the Issuer has reserved for one or more other lenders under one or more loan agreements in which a total USD 200 million (plus accrued interest and expenses) in maximum may relate to each of the PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III and any refinancing of such facility or facilities (including accrued interest and expenses). All amounts under the First Priority Debt will inter alia be secured by a first priority pledge of shares in the Singapore Subsidiaries, first priority mortgages over Petro Rig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III, first priority assignment of earnings and insurance and related accounts and parent company guarantee(s) and the security securing the First Priority Debt may be cross collateralized.

Issuer Group:

Issuers of the First Priority Debt shall be the subsidiaries owning PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III (the "Singapore Subsidiaries"). For the avoidance of doubt; the Rig and related assets are not included and may not be included as security for the First Priority Debt.
The maximum amount of debt in each of the Singapore Subsidiaries is 200 million (plus accrued interest and costs), all amounts included in the First Priority Debt. In addition, PetroRig III Pte Ltd is also allowed to have the NOK 1,600 million bond loan (plus accrued interest and cost), which is i.a. secured by the drilling rig PetroRig III (the "Subsidiary Debt"). The Singapore Subsidiaries shall be allowed to refinance any of the above mentioned amounts included in the Subsidiary Debt or the equivalent to the above mentioned amounts.
PetroMena ASA is in addition allowed to have the outstanding NOK 2000 million bond (plus accrued interest and cost) or any refinancing of this amount issued by Petromena ASA, PetroRig I Pte Ltd and/or PetroRig II Pte Ltd, always conditional on that the total refinanced amount issued by these companies do not exceed the equivalent to NOK 2000 million (plus accrued interest and cost).
For the sake of good order, and save as for the guarantees, debts and obligations in connection with the ordinary course of business of the relevant company as stated in the next section herein the above mentioned means that the total maximum amount of financial debt in the Issuer Group related to the Rig, PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III shall be USDm 600 (plus accrued interest and cost) plus NOK 3600 million (the existing NOK 1600 million and NOK 2000 million bond issues or the equivalent thereto, plus accrued interest and cost) , in addition to the bonds described herein. There shall not be any other financial debt related to the Rig than the bonds described herein, save as for the guarantees, debts and obligations in connection with the ordinary course of business of the relevant company as stated in the next section herein.
No additional debt clause: The Singapore Subsidiaries and the Guarantor (or any direct or indirect subsidiary of such companies) shall not issue any new financial indebtedness other than the debt described above (or any refinancing of the same and of the equivalent amounts) or any equity financing or subordinated and unsecured debt as mentioned below, always provided that guarantees, debt and obligations in connection with ordinary business transactions hereunder construction, reconstruction and drilling operations related to the Rig, PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III are not under any circumstances included or to be included as financial indebtedness.
Besides the First Priority Debt, existing bonds described above and the bonds described herein (and any refinancing of the aforementioned financial debt or the equivalent thereof), any additional financing requirements related to the Rig, PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III shall be financed by equity or debt that is unsecured and subordinated to the bonds described herein.
For the avoidance of doubt, there shall not be any debt with better or equal priority in the Rig and earnings related to the Rig than the bonds described herein.
All mortgages / assignments in favour of the Loan Trustee and securing the bonds described herein shall be in the amount of USDm 300 (plus accrued interest and cost).
A coordination agreement / inter creditor agreement shall be entered into between the Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and any other lenders with security in the same assets as the Bonds described herein. Petromena ASA, the Guarantor, the Singapore Subsidiaries and any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any such company.

Escrow Account:
Call options (Americans): Other clauses:

The Issuer shall prior to disbursement establish an Escrow Account(s) and the net proceeds from the Bond issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account in connection with disbursement of the bond issue. The Escrow Account shall be pledged and blocked in favor of the Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Loan.
Conditions for the first release from the Escrow Account is that the securities mentioned under "Security" (i) to (iii) and (v) to (xi) are established before or in connection with such release.
If the acquisition of the Rig is not concluded within January 2008, the Issuer shall redeem the bonds immediately at price 102% plus accrued interest. Proceeds on the Escrow Account shall be used in connection with such redemption. An amount equal to minimum USD 32 million shall remain in the Escrow Account and shall be used for minimum the first four quarterly interest payments.
Parts of the proceeds on the Escrow Account may be exchanged from USD to NOK or other relevant currencies and placed on an another Escrow Account under the same conditions as mentioned above.
The Issuer may redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan as follow:
(i) anytime from and included Settlement Date to, but not included, the interest payment day in November 2008, at a price equal to 106.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(ii) anytime from and included the interest payment day in November 2008 to, but not included, the interest payment day in November 2009 at a price equal to 105% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount),
(iii) anytime from and included the interest payment day in November 2009 to final Maturity Date at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
The Issuer shall not without the prior written approval of the Trustee permit any member of the Issuer Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course of such member of the Issuer Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the member of the Issuer Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
During the term of the Loan when the Issuer, or member of the Issuer's group, has the title to the Rig or the PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III, the Issuer, or member of the Group, shall provide for reasonable and satisfactory maintenance and insurance of the Rig and for PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III.
The Issuer, or any member of the Issuer Group, shall not without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting:
(a) cease to carry on its business, (b) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations or
change the nature of its business or merge with another company in a manner which might jeopardize the Issuer's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, please also see "Mandatory prepayment"), (c) de-merge, merge or in any other way restructure its business, in a manner which might jeopardize the Issuer's fulfillment of its obligations under the Loan Agreement, (d) agree to any material changes to the Construction Contract(s) which, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Loan Agreement (any agreement for changes leading to a delay of the delivery

date by more than 6 months is in any event to be considered as a material change which will require the approval of the Bondholders' meeting), (e) make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Rig, PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III and its employment which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Loan Agreement.
In addition, the Guarantor shall not without the approval of the Trustee or, where necessary, the Bondholders' meeting :
(f) grant any loans, guarantees (except for the Guarantees described herein) or other financial assistance to any third party other than in connection with ordinary business transactions related to the Rig,
(g) make any investments or engage in any activity other than investments and activity solely related to the Rig,
(h) grant any security, or allow for any security to be granted, in assets that are or shall be pledged as security related to the Rig for the Loan, other than any junior security granted as security for the inter-company loan from the Borrower to the Guarantor in relation totransferring of proceeds from the Bond described herein to the Guarantor.
(i) take up other financial indebtedness than the Bond described herein other than in connection with ordinary business transactions related to the Rig.
For the avoidance of doubt; the Rig, PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III may be sold or disposed of or terminated (in respect of Construction Contract) or the shares in the respective companies may be sold or disposed of, upon which Mandatory Prepayment shall be effected as provided for below and the mortgage in the relevant rig sold or disposed or Construction Contract terminated or the share charge in relation to the shares sold be released in connection therewith.
Mandatory prepayment: If the Rig is sold or disposed of or shares in the Guarantor is sold or disposed of, the Issuer shall redeem USDm 225 of the outstanding bonds according to the below structure.
If any of PetroRig I, PetroRig II or PetroRig III is sold or shares sold or disposed of in respect of the shares in the relevant Singapore Subsidiary, then USDm 60 shall be redeemed for each, i.e. USDm 180 shall be redeemed if all of PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III or the shares in the Singaporean Subsidiaries are sold. For the avoidance of doubt; if the amount to be redeemed according to the above exceeds the remaining outstanding loan amount, then the remaining outstanding loan amount shall be redeemed.
This means: (i) If occurring anytime from and included Settlement Date to, but not included, the
interest payment day in November 2008, the Issuer shall redeem an amount as described above of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 106.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), (ii) If occurring anytime from and included the interest payment day in November 2008 to, but not included, the interest payment day in November 2009, the Issuer shall redeem an amount as described above of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 105% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), (iii) If occurring anytime from and included the interest payment day in November 2009 to Final Maturity date the Issuer shall redeem an amountas described above of the outstanding bonds at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).
If the bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory prepayment clause, any remaining amount on the Escrow Account may be used as partly payment for Mandatory prepayment.

Rig:

The drilling rig SS Petrolia including equipment.

Construction Contracts:

The EPC (turnkey) contracts entered into by the Issuer's subsidiaries with Jurong Shipyard to construct the PetroRig I, PetroRig II and PetroRig III, including the refund guarantee from Jurong shipyard's parent company SembCorp Marine Ltd securing the Issuer's payments in the construction period and other guarantees if any.

PetroRig I: PetroRig II: PetroRig III: Approvals:

PetroRig I means the ultra deepwater 6th generation semi submersible harsh environment drilling rig, to be constructed at the Jurong Shipyard in Singapore under one of the Construction Contracts and with expected delivery no later than April 2009.
PetroRig II means the ultra deepwater 6th generation semi submersible harsh environment drilling rig, to be constructed at the Jurong Shipyard in Singapore under one of the Construction Contracts and with expected delivery no later than November 2009. PetroRig III means the ultra deepwater 6th generation semi submersible harsh environment drilling rig, to be constructed at the Jurong Shipyard in Singapore under one of the Construction Contracts and with expected delivery no later than January 2010. The bonds have been issued in accordance with the Issuer's Board approval dated (tbd)

Issuer's ownership of The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the bonds. Such bonds may at the Issuer's

bonds:

discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold and used for partial redemption.

Managers: Trustee:

Pareto Securities ASA, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway. Fearnley Fonds ASA, Grev Wedels Plass 9, NO - 0107 Oslo, Norway. Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo

Registration:

The Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS) Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through VPS.

Issuer's org. number: No. tbd

Amortization:

The bonds shall be repaid as follows: On the Interest Payment Date 1 year after Settlement Date: 12% of remaining outstanding loan amount (i.e. USDm 36 if remaining outstanding loan amount is USDm 300) On the Interest Payment Date 2 years after Settlement Date: 10% of remaining outstanding loan amount On the Interest Payment Date 2.5 years after Settlement Date: 10% of remaining outstanding loan amount. Remaining loan on the Maturity Date 3 years after Settlement Date.

Taxation:

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the Loan, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary market.

The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed applicable law and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law (the "Tax Deduction").

If a Tax Deduction is required by law to be made by the Issuer, the amount of the payment due from the Issuer under the Loan Agreement shall be increased ("grossed up") to an amount which (after making any Tax Deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment which would have been due if no Tax Deduction would have been required.

Reporting:

The Issuer shall of its own accord make semi-annual reports available to the Trustee

Loan Agreement:
Stock Exchange listing: Market making: Eligible purchasers: Transfer restrictions:
Subject to:
PetroMena ASA

for public distribution not later than 100 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period. The Loan Agreement will be entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee acting as the bondholders' representative. The Loan Agreement regulates the bondholders' rights and obligations with respect to the Loan. If any discrepancy should occur between this Term Sheet and the Loan Agreement, then the Loan Agreement shall prevail. The Subscriber is deemed to have granted authority to the Trustee to finalize the Loan Agreement. Minor adjustments to the structure described in this Term Sheet may occur. The Loan Agreement shall include provisions where after repayment of principal amount upon default shall be equal to the Mandatory Prepayment provided for above. The Subscription Agreement specifically authorises the Trustee to execute and deliver the Loan Agreement on behalf of the prospective bondholders, who must execute and deliver such Subscription Agreements prior to receiving Bond allotments. On this basis, the Issuer and the Trustee will execute and deliver the Loan Agreement and the latter's execution and delivery is on behalf of all of the subscribers, such that they thereby will become parties to the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Agreement shall specify that all Bond transfers shall be subject to the terms thereof, and the Trustee and all Bond transferees shall, in taking transfer of Bonds, be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Loan Agreement, which specifies that all such transferees shall automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with. The Loan Agreement shall further specify that it shall be made available to the general public for inspection purposes and may, until redemption in full of the Loan, be obtained on request to the Trustee or the Issuer, and such availability shall be recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.
An application may or may not be made for the bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs, Oslo Børs ABM or the OTC-list in Oslo at the Issuer's discretion.
No market-marker agreement has been made for this Issue. The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form to be provided by the Issuer stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada. Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
1. Finalized loan documentation and approval of loan documentation by the Trustee, Norsk Tillitsmann ASA.
2. Approval from the General Assembly of the Borrower and Petrolia Drilling ASA regarding the acquisition of the Rig.

22 October 2007

Pareto Securities ASA Fearnley Fonds ASA

