Execution version
ISIN NO 0010010715212
BOND AGREEMENT between
Latina Offshore Holding Lim ited (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee)
; ^ on behalf of the Bondholders
^ in the bond issue
Issue 2014/2016 with step up

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION u PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES : : : 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee ASA
3
11 12
12
13 13 15
17
18 18 20
22
22
29
30 32 35 37

This agreement has been entered into on 30 July 2014 between

(1)

Latina Offshore Holding Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with

registration number 48193, as issuer (the "Issuer"),

(2)

Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624, as.bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1 ; Interpretation

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement* the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Additional Security" means all Security provided in accordance with the provisions o f Clause 8.3.

"Attachm ent" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.

Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds,

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bbrid(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Brokers" means the rig brokers RS Platou Offshore AS and Nor-Ocean Offshore AS,

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks in Oslo and New York are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and New ' York.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made oil the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

3

"Change o f Control Event" means an event pursuant to which the Del Valle family ceases to be the owner, directly or indirectly, of 100% of the outstanding shares and/or ; voting rights of the Parent.

"Commitment Fee" means the fee o f 1% of the principal amount of the Bonds to be paid by the Issuer to the Bondholders on the First Disbursement Date.

"Construction Contract" means the construction contract dated 18 March 2014 (as amended from time to time) entered into between the Parent and the Yard for the construction of the Rig for a total consideration of USD 81,000,000.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(a)

a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b)

a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board o f directors of

that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent : company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Debt Level'' means the total amount of interest bearing debt held by the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) as determined in accordance with IFRS.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue will be paid, pledged and blocked on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents

"Escrow Account Pledge'5means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Evéut o f Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause
15-1-
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Existing Bond" means the "8.875 Per cent Latina Offshore Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue" with ISIN NO 001068383.2 regulated by a bond agreement entered into between Latina Offshore Limited and Nordic Trustee ASA on n October 2013.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each o f the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2. -

"Finance Documents" means:

(i) this Bond Agreement;

(ii) theagreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to.in Clause 14.2; ;

4

(iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto);
(iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the: Finance Documents;

(v) the Parent Undertaking;

(vi) the Modular Holdco Undertaking; and

(vii) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(i) moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

(ii) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(iii) the amount o f any liability in Tespect of any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(iv) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recoUrse . ' basis);

(v) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under IFRS;

(vi) : any liability under a,deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;

(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against Or benefit from, fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest fate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the marlced-to-market value shall be taken into account);

(viii)

any amounts raised Under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing or. raising of money, (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);

(ix) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial -institution iri respect of any underlying liability; and (without double, counting);

(x) any guarantee, indemnify or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to above; and

(xi) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (ix) above.

"Financial Statements" means the annual audited reports for any financial year and unaudited quarterly reports for the Issuer on an unconsolidated and consolidated basis , with Modular Holdco, the Rigco, Latina Offshore Limited, Santa Maria and La Covadohga, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Board of Directors, provided always that such preparation and publication o f reports is in . accordance with applicable rules and regulations.

"First Disbursem ent Date" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.2.

"Full Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if:

(i) the Parent ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in the Issuer, save . for a sale of up to 49.99% of the shares in the Issuer provided that all shares in the Issuer remain pledged under the Issuer Share Pledge;

(ii) the Issuer ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in Modular Holdco; .

(iii) Modular Holdco ceases to be the direct owner of 100% of the shares in the Rigco;

(iv) the Issuer ceases to he the direct owner of 100% of the shares in Latina Offshore Limited;

(v) the Rig is sold;

(vi) an actual or constructive total loss of the Rig;

(vii) the Construction Contract is terminated by the Yard or its terms are amended with a Material Adverse Effect;

(viii) the Pemex Contract is withdrawn or in any other way terminated by Pemex or its  terms are amended with a Material Adverse Effect; or

(ix) to the extent the Bonds shall be listed, if the Bonds are no longer listed as required by the Bond Agreement.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in :. the.country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International  Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, and guidelines and interpretations issued thereto by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Intercompany Loans" means; any loan provided by the Issuer to Modular Holdco, the Rigco and/or the Parent arid any loan provided by Modular Holdco to the Rigco.

"Interest Payment Date" means the 31 January, 30 April and 31 July and 31 October each ;

year and the Maturity Date, Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day /

Convention.

V' 

6

"Interest Reserve Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the Issuer shall deposit certain funds for use o f payment of interest under the Bond Issue

"Interest Reserve Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit o f the Issuer in the Interest Reserve Account.

"Interest Reserve Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3 (i).

"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements o f the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (including Modular Holdco, Rigco, Second Rigco (if applicable), Latina Offshore Limited, Santa Maria and La Covadonga) for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number o f the Bond Issue.

"Issue Date" means 31 July 2014.

"Issuer Assignm ent o f Intercom pany Loans" means an assignment of any Intercompany Loan granted by the Issuer to the Rigco (or Modular Holdco if applicable) and/or the Parent and the Issuer's rights under the relevant agreements related thereto.

"Issu er Share Charge" means a Bermuda law pledge granted by the Parent over all of the shares (100%) and related rights in the Issuer from time to time.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has

Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has

Decisive Influence.

i

"Jade-Up Rigs" means the jack-up rigs owned by Santa Maria and La Covadonga.

''La Covadonga" means La Covadonga Limited, a company existing under the laws o f Bermuda with registration number 47771.

"Latina Offshore Limited" means Latina Offshore Limited, company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 47764.

"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being RS Platou Markets AS,

"M andatory Prepayment" means the prepayments tb be made pursuant to Clause 10,4.

"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means the occurrence of a Full Mandatory Prepayment Event or Partial Mandatory Prepayment Event.

"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the financial condition or operations of Modular Holdco or the Rigco, (b) the Issuer's, Modular Holdco's or the Parent's ability to perform; and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

'M aturity Date" means 31 July 2016. Any adjustment will be made according to the; Business Day Convention, -y ,

"M odular Holdco" means Latina Modular Holding Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 49338.

"M odular Holdco Assignm ent o f Intercom pany Loans" means an assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of Modular Holdc.o under an Intercompany Loan granted by the Modular Holdco to the Rigco.
"Modular Holdco Assignm ent o f Subordinated Loans" means an assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other rights of Modular Holdco under any Subordinated Loan.
"M odular Holdco Undertaking" means an undertaking Horn Modular Holdco dated on or about the date of the Bond Agreement including inter alia subordination statements for any claims due to Modular Holdco from the Issuer under any Subordinated Loans, relevant representations and warranties, the Modular Holdco Special Covenants as set out in Clause 13.6 and certain events o f default provisions.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds-" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Parent" means Constructors..y Perforadora Latina S.A. de C.V., a Mexico registered company with registration number CPL801111PS2.
"Patent Assignment o f Subordinated Loans" means an assignment (or such similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority of all monetary claims and other; rights o f the Parent under any Subordinated Loan.
"Parent Repayment. Account" means an account held with the Paying Agent to which the Parent shall receive any payments from any o fthe Issuer's subsidiaries.
"Parent Repayment Account Pledge" means a pledge over the Parent's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Parent in the Parent Repayment Account,
"Parent Undertaking" means an undertaking from the Parent dated on or about the date of the Bond Agreement including inter alia subordination statements for any claims due to the Parent from the Issuer under any Subordinated Loans, relevant representations and warranties, the Parent Special Covenants as set out in Clause 13.6 and certain events of default provisions. ' ''
"Partial Mandatory Prepaym ent Event" means if:
(i) the Parent or the Issuer receives any dividend payment or other shareholder distribution from Latina Offshore Limited or any other subsidiary directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, whether as a result of profit making, refinancing or otherwise; or
(ii) the Parent or the Issuer receives interest or down payments on any loans granted by either of them to ahy of the,Issuer's subsidiaries,
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to die Bonds.

"Payment Date" means; a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Pemex" means PEMKX Exploracibn y Pruduccibn.
"Pemex Contract" means the service contract with contract number 421004827 for the utilization of the Rig, executed bn 5 March 2014 between Pemex and the Parent.

"Permitted Distribution" means the distribution by the Issuer of up to USD 25,400,000 to the Parent as contemplated by Clause 2.3(iii).
"Permitted Financial Assistance" means (i) any intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to Latina Offshore Limited, Santa Maria and/or La Covadonga which are in existence at the Issue Date, (ii) any Intercompany Loans, (iii) any financial assistance permitted to he provided by the Issuer in connection with the Permitted First Rig Financing, or (iv) any financial assistance provided by Holdco in connection with the Permitted Second Rig Financing.

"Permitted First Rig Financing' means any future senior financing to be obtained by Modular Holdco and/or Rigco to finance the remaining instalments (after the instalment made on the last Rig Instalment Date) and costs related to the Rig, secured e.g; by a pledge in the shares of the Rigco, mortgage in the Rig and pledge or assignment in other related assets.

"Permitted Second R ig Financing" means any future financing of the Second Rig obtained in accordance; with Clause 13.3(1), secured by a pledge in the shares of the Second Rigco, mortgage in the Second Rig and pledge or assignment in other related assets provided by Modular;Holdco and/or the Second Rigco.

"Permitted Security" means security provided for the Permitted First Rig Financing, the: Permitted Second Rig Financing and any security interest (in existence as of the Issue Date) over any the Issuer's, assets or revenues provided as security under the Existing Bond.

"Pre First Disbursement Security" means:

: (i)

the Issuer Share Charge;

(ii)

the Parent Repayment Account Pledge;

(iii) the Interest Reserve Account Pledge;

(iv)

the Parent Assignment of Subordinated Loans;

(v)

the Modular Holdco Assignment of Subordinated Loans;

(vi)

the Issuer Assignment of Intercompany Loans; and

(vii) the Modular Holdco Assignment of Intercompany Loans. ''Pre-Issue Security" rheans the Escrow Account Pledge. "Quarter Date" means each31 March, 36 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Rig Instalm ent Date" shaft have the meaning set out in Clause 6.3.

"Rigco" means Latina Modular 01 Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 49339.
"Ringfenced Second Rig Financing'1 shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.3(F).
, "Santa Maria" means Santa Maria Offshore Limited, a company existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 4777b.
"S e c o n d Rig" means a second Loadmaster Engineering, Inc. design modular drilling rig -with the same specifications as the Rig which the Parent is contemplating having
constructed by the Yard.
"Second Rigco" means a Bermudan exempted limited liability company which may be incorporated, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Modular Holdco, for the purpose o f owning the Second Rig.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance) mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect)
\ "Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating of granting the Security Interests.; ;
"Security Interests" means- the Pre-Issue Security and the Pre First Disbursement . Security.
"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.
"Subordinated Loans" means any loan granted from the Parent and/or Modular Holdco as lender to the Issuer as borrower.
"Subordinated Loan Agreem ent" means an agreement between the Issuer as borrower and the Parent or Modular Holdco (as the case may be) as lender documenting a Subordinated Loan.
"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as its total assets.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S, Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.
"Value Adjusted Equity" means the aggregated booked equity of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) adjusted for the actual value of (i) the Jack-Up Rigs, (ii) the Rig from the time of delivery and (ii!) the Second Rig if applicable from the time of delivery, such actual value to be semi-annually (each reporting date in December and June) determined by the Brokers.
10

"Value Adjusted Equity Ratio" means Value Adjusted Equity to Total Assets.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

.

"Yard" means the yard of Loadmaster Universal Rigs, Inc in Orange, Texas, USA.

1.2,

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

 (c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d)

references to.a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e)

references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, arid to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

' judgments arid other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company,

corporation, goyerriinent, state or agency of a state or any association, trust,

joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal

personality).

.2

The Bonds

2.1

Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause i8.i.

2.1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the gerieral public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount o f USD 75,000,000 (U.S. Dollar seventy five million).

The Face Value is USD i . The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as To per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond issued2014/2016 with step up".

The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be NO 0010010715212.

11

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall, subject to the applicable conditions precedents, be applied by the Issuer from the Escrow Account as follows:

(i)

firstly, on the First Disbursement Date (as defined below), an amount equal to

100% of the interest to accrue on the Bond Issue in the period from the

Settlement Date until the interest payment date in January 2015 (the "Interest

Reserve Amount") shall be transferred to the Interest Reserve Account (as

defined below);

(ii)

secondly, on the First Disbursement Date, the Issuer shall pay the Commitment

Fee to the bondholders;

(iii) thirdly, on the First Disbursement Date, an amount up to USD 25,460,000 to be released from the Issuer to the Parent for general corporate purposes through dividend, intra-grouplo an or other distribution;

(iv)

fourthly, on the First Disbursement Date, an amount up to USD 25,000,060 to be

applied towards payment of the due instalment to the Yard under the

Construction Contract and to the extent applicable pre-delivery project costs

incurred in relation to the Rig;

(v)

fifthly, on each of the other Rig Instalment Dates (as defined below), such

>

amounts as set out in'Attachment 1 hereto, to be applied towards payment of the

next instalments to the Yard under the Construction Contract and to the extent

applicable pre-delivery project costs incurred in relation to the Rig, in aggregate

(with the amount released under (iv) above) up to USD 43,000,000; and

(vi)

finally, any remaining proceeds as of the last Rig Instalment Date shall be

released to the. Isstier for general Corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1

The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on a regulated market or on Oslo Børs

ASA's Nordic ABM, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires on the

Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro MTF Market, Oslo Børs, Nordic ABM or another

internationally recognized stock exchange approved by the Trustee,

3.2

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) arid the

terms and conditions o f the Securities Depository.

4.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under

no obligation to arraiige for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5:

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1

Bondholders may he subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality; its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1

Issuance of the Bonds and transfer of the net proceeds (after deduction for fees to the

Bond Trustee, the Manager, legal advisors and any other agreed costs and expenses) from

the Bond Issue to the issuer's Escrow Account shall be subject to the Bond Trustee having

received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it prior to the

Issue Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(h)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer to issue the

Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Parent and Modular



Holdco to execute the Finance Documents;

(d)

a power of attorney from the Parent, the Issuer, Modular Holdco to relevant

individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts

from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals'

authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of each such

company;

(e)

certified copies of. (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official

document for the. Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and

(ii) the Articles of Association, by-laws or similar of each of the Parent, the Issuer

and Modular Holdco;

(f)

the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(g)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 o f the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive

(2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(h)

confirmation from the Issuer that no potential or actual Event of Default exists;

13

(i)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue

and/or in connection with the entry into of the Finance Documents;

(j)

theParent Undertaking and Modular Holdco Undertaking duly executed;

(k)

confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(l )

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(m) . copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(n)

legal opinions in respect of the Bond Agreement and the Pre-Issue Security

having been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee);

(o)

the Pre-Issue Security duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the

relevant banlc(s)); and

(p)

written evidence/that process agents are nominated by the Issuer, Modular

Holdco and the Parent.

6.2

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall only be used in accordance with the purpose

set but in Clause 2.3, and any release from the Escrow Account to the Issuer in accordance

with Clause 2.3 (i) through (iv) (if not covered previously, net of fees and legal costs of the

Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection

with the Bond Issue) will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between

the Issuer and the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee receiving prior to the date of

release from the Escrow Account the documents listed below, in form and substance

satisfactory to it (the "First Disbursem ent Date"):

(a) .

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding use of funds in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue and confirmation of no potential or actual Event of Default existing);

(b)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that each of the Interest Reserve Account

and Parent Repayment Account is opened;

(c)

confirmation from the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, security or

guarantees (other than that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents)

exists;

(d)

all Subordinated Loan Agreements and all documentation related to the

Intercompany Loans to be granted to the Rigeo (and Modular Holdco if

relevant), duly executed;

(e)

all Pre First Disbursement Security Documents being executed and perfected;

(f)

documentation of the Construction Contract duly novated from the Parent to

the Rigeo in a form satisfactory to the Trustee;

(g)

delivery to the Trustee of a copy of the duly executed Pemex Contract for the

Rig, together with a confirmation from the Parent that no changes (other than

minor corrections) have been made to the terms thereof compared with the

version executed on 5 March 2014 that are adverse to the Parent;

14

(h)

copies of necessary corporate resolutions from the Parent, the Issuer and

Modular Holdco to execute the Pre First Disbursement Security Documents

(unless delivered under Clause 6.1);

(i)

all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Trustee in respect of the Pre First

Disbursement Security have been received in form and substance satisfactory to

the Trustee; and

(j)

any other Finance Documents (unless delivered Pre-Issue and to the extent

applicable) are in acceptable form and duly executed.

Subsequent to the First Disbursement Date, further release from the Escrow Account as set out in Clause 2.3 (v) shall be made on such dates as are relevant for the Rigco .to service its obligations to pay the instalments under the Construction Contract (each a "Rig Instalm ent Date") and any release from the Escrow Account to the Issuer in' accordance with Clause 2.3 (v) (if not covered previously, net of fees and legal costs of the Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee receiving prior to the date of release from the Escrow Account the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it subject to Satisfaction, of relevant conditions precedent, received in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, including (but not limited to):

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement regarding

use of funds in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue and confirmation

ofn o potential or actual Event of Default existing);

(b) ;

confirmation from . the Issuer that no Financial Indebtedness, security or guarantees (other than that expressly permitted under the Finance Documents) exists;

(c)

delivery to the Trustee of the latest progress report for the construction of the

Rig, such progress; report to be dated no earlier than the last day of the calendar

month ended before the relevant Rig Instalment Date, together with a

confirmation from the Issuer that said report does not contain information on

material deviations from the currently anticipated timeline for delivery of the

Rig, e.g. as relates to achievement of relevant milestones; and

(d)

till legal opinions; reasonably requested by. the Trustee in respect of the Pre First

Disbursement Security Documents have been received in form and substance

satisfactory to the Trustee.

The Bond Trustee may, irt:its sole discretion, acting reasonably, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1, 6.2 and 6.2.

Representations and Warranties

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
(a) Status It is a company with limited liability, duly incorporated arid validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority .
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c) - Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes . (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and
binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry ,into and performance by it o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) ahyvlaw or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its bbristitutional documents; Or. (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) . No Event o f Default

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown

under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any

transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document,

(ii)

No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the

expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making o f any determination or

any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or

termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or

instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or

any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material

Adverse Effect.

(f) Authorizations and consents
AH authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is. a

party; and

(ii) . to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
(i) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the. purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
(k) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this.Bond Agreement.
(l) Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
(m) Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.
Status of the Bonds and security
The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
. The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest.
Additional Security
The Issuer shall ensure that the rights of the Parent or Modular Holdco (as the case may be) under any Subordinated Loans are assigned (or subject to similar Security under the relevant jurisdiction) on first priority in favour of the Trustee to secure all outstanding obligations under the Finance Documents,
The Issuer shall procure that legal opinions in respect of any Additional Security are provided to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), such legal opinions to include, inter alia, confirmations on capacity, validity, perfection and enforceability of ' such Additional Security (in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), together

with any such other relevant documents, evidence and confirmations as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.

9

Interest

9.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date to, but not including, the interest payment date in July 2015 at 10.00% per annum

and from the interest payment date in July 2015 to the Maturity Date at n.00% per annum

(the "Fixed Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date being 31 October 2014.

9.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment

Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding,

the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4

The day count fraction ('Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation

of the payable interest amount shall be."30/360", which means that the number of days in

the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the

number of days to be calculated on the basis o f a year o f 360 days with twelve 30-days

months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the

first day o f the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in

which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened

to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month

of ; February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be

lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest  =

Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

jo

Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption

xo.i Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and Shall be repaid by the Issuer at

102% of par.



.

10.2 : Call Option

10.2.1 . The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including (Call Option):

(a)

the Issue Date to, but not including, the interest payment date in July 2015.at.a--

price equivalent to the sum of:

(i)

100.00% of par value;

18

(ii)

the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon

payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and

including the interest payment date in July 2015; and

(iii)

accrued arid unpaid interest on the redeemed amount;

the "present value" referred to above to be calculated using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the interest payment date in July 2015) on the 10th business day prior to the repayment date and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b)

the interest payment date in July 2015 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at

a price equal to 102.00% of par value (plus accrued unpaid interest on redeemed

amount).

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (io) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the. Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including ahy premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within sixty calendar days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The, settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two .month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed) the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring, the Issuer shall not later than thirty (36)

days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless there is an Event of

1

Default in which case it will be promptly) repay;

19

(a)

100% of the outstanding Bonds upon a Full Mandatory Prepayment Event; and

'.'(b).

a number of outstanding Bonds (taking into account applicable call premium and accrued interest) corresponding to the amount received in proceeds (by the Issuer or the Parent as the case may be) upon a Partial Mandatory Prepayment Event,

in all cases at a price equal to the relevant Call Option levels (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) at the time of the unless otherwise expressly specified, however, so that all payments shall be made pro rata and without any preference or priority between the Bondholders of any kind.

10.4.2 : For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid redemption prices shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

10.4.3

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment provision after a Full Mandatory Prepayment Event, any amount in the Escrow Account and the Interest Reserve Account may be used as part payment in relation to the Mandatory Prepayment.

n

Payments

11.1

Covenant to pay

11.1.1 . The Issuer will, on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

n.1.2 11.2

The covenant contained in Clause n.1.1 shall be for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.
Payment mechanics

11.2.1 If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause n.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all ; amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause n.3.

n.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause n.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause n.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 . . Currency

20

11.3.1 

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date o f the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has hot given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOE and- credited to the NOE bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3

Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4

Set-offand counterclaims

Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment , obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5

Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 

The interest charged under this Clause n.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective. Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11:5.3 11.6

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 e>-4-
Partial payments

I f the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under

the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any

kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond

Agreement, pro rataan d without any preference or priority of any kind.

21

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer and the Parent have the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's or the Parent's discretion be retained by the Issuer or the Parent, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1

General

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, to comply or procure the compliance such covenants as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing

of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be

expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could;

reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the

Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or

operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication at Staffidata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120

days after the end of the financial year;

'

(d)

prepare Financial Statements and make them available on the Issuer's website or

a website relating to the Issuer (e.g. the Parent's website) as soon as they become

available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year and not

later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter, provided always that

such preparation and publication of reports are in accordance with applicable-

rules and regulations;; Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS,

and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and:,

management commentary or report from the Issuer's and the Rigco's Board of

Directors;

(e)

at the request pf thO Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, Modular Holdeo and the Rigco, including but not

limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's

share capital or equity;

(g)

if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a

copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

22

(h)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

inform the Bond Trustee o f its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the



registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond trustee

is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying

Agent directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business,

assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement, Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in . Attachment 2 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps: which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3

Issuer General and Special Covenants

During the term of the Bonds, the Issuer shall (unless the Trustee or the Bondholders' Meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed otherwise) comply with the following general and special covenants:

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that.its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Qause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not carry put any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities, and the Issuer shall procure that no such merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations of any of Modular Holdco or Rigco with any other companies or entities shall occur, if such a transaction would cause a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, and the Issuer shall procure that no such de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f any of Modular Holdco or the Rigco shall occur, if it would have a Material Adverse Effect.:

(d) Continuation o fbusiness
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco shall cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no changes are made to the general nature o f the business from that carried on at the date of the Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in the Bond Agreement.

23

(e) Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigeo or the Second Rigeo (if applicable) shall create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any security over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than the Security under this Bond Isstie and the Permitted Security.

(f) Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not; and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii)

such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigeo shall enter ,into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

(h) No other business
The Issuer shall remain a single purpose holding vehicle for the purpose o f owning the shares in Latina Offshore Limited and Modular Holdco, and shall not acquire or initiate any additional assets (other than additional shares through permitted equity increases) or operations (or assume any liabilities in respect thereto).

(i) Corporate status
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigeo shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(j) Ownership
The Issuer shall maintain roo% direct ownership and control over Modular Holdco and shall procure that Modular Holdco maintains 100% direct ownership and control over the Rigeo, subject always to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions. The Issuer shall also maintain 100% direct ownership and control over Latina Offshore Limited, subject always to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

(k) Distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments, loans or other distributions or make any other transactions implying a transfer of value to the Parent (or affiliates thereof), whether in cash or in land, including without limitation repurchase of shares, any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity, other than the Permitted Distribution.

(l) Latina Offshore Limited Mandatory Repayment
In the event of a completed full mandatory prepayment of the Existing Bond (including all interest and costs), the Issuer shall procure that any remaining cash amount held by Latina Offshore Limited shall bo distributed to the Issuer as a Partial Mandatory Prepayment as set out in Clause 10.4(b);

24

(m) Financial Assistance
The Issuer shall not arid shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco, the Rigco nor the Second Rigco (if applicable) shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any third party other than the Permitted Financial Assistance. :

(n) No Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not and shall procure that neither the Modular Holdco nor the Rigco or Second Rigco (if applicable) shall incur or permit to remain outstanding, any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured or from affiliates or third parties) other than (i) the Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue and (ii) any Subordinated Loans from the Parent,. provided however, that said covenant shall not prohibit (i) Modular Holdco and/or the Rigco from obtaining the Permitted First Rig Financing, and (ii) Modular Holdco and/or the Second Rigco from obtaining the Permitted Second Rig Financing, always provided compliance with the Debt Level set out in Clause 13.4(b).

(o) Second Rigco
The Issuer undertakes to ensure that, if the Parent (or any other relevant group company) . decides to undertake th e :contemplated acquisition of the Second Rig that (i) the construction contract with respect to the Second Rig is entered into by or novated to the v Second Rigco, (ii) the Second Rig shall be owned by the Second Rigco, such Second Rigco to be a sister company of the Rigco, 100% owned by the Modular Holdco and (iii) the financing of the Second Rig shall be obtained in accordance with the terms set out in Clause 13.3 (r).

(p) Intercompany Loans
Any forwarding o f proceeds from the Bond Issue by the Issuer to the Rigco (whether made directly or through Modular Holdco), shall be carried out by way of Intercompany Loans.

(q) Subordination o f Intercompany Loans and Permitted First Rig financing
The Issuer shall ensure that any Intercompany Loan shall be subordinated to any Permitted First Rig Financing. For the avoidance of doubt, no covenants set out in Clause 13.3 shall restrict the Rigco's (and Modular Holdco's, if relevant) ability to service the interest and principal amount of any Intercompany Loan.

(r) Second Rigfinancing
The Issuer shall ensure that during the term of the Bonds, any financing of the Second Rig / may only be obtained:

(i)

by the Issuer, Modular Holdco and/or the Second Rigco through equity injection

originating from the Parent in an amount of at least USD 30 million and up to :

USD 70 million in permitted debt financing obtained by Modular Holdco and/or

the Second Rigco; or

(ii)

otherwise by the Second Rigco on a stand-alone basis without any direct or

indirect guarantee obligation, liability or other recourse to the Issuer, Modular

Holdco, the; Rigco, the Parent or any other group company (the "Ringfenced

Second Rig Financing").

(s) Maintenance o f insurances
The Issuer shall procure that reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of insurances of the . Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto is provided for at all times.



The Rig shall be adequately insured against such risks and in such amounts as per

industry standards and otherwise reasonably required by and placed or entered with such

reputable insurers, brokers or P&I clubs of financial standing as approved by and

otherwise acceptable to the Trustee on agreed value basis, including without limitation (i)

war risk, (ii) Hull & Machinery (and, if relevant, Hull Interest and/or Freight Interest) (ii)

third party liability insurance as per industry standards and (iv) any additional insurance

required under any law or the Pemex Contract (or other applicable client contract),

(l) : Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall perform its, and shall procure that each of the Modular Holdco and the Rigco performs its, business (i) in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time and (ii) without being engaged in any conduct prohibited by .any economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures or decisions applicable to any Group Company, imposed, adopted, enacted, implemented enforced or administrated by, or by any authority acting on behalf of or designated by, (i) the .Norwegian State, (ii) the United Nations, (iii) the European Union and/or (iv) the United States of America, and with regard to (i)-(iv) above, the respective governmental institutions and agencies of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury (OFAC) and the United States Department of State.

(u) Subordination o f loans
The Issuer shall ensure that any Subordinated Loan shall be unsecured and fully subordinated to the Bonds arid any Intercompany Loans, and shall have a maturity date (and actually be partly or fully repaid) later than the date of the redemption o f the Bonds in frill, and shall ensure that no interest or amortization payments are made on such loans during the term of the Bonds.

(v) Interest Reserve Account The Issuer shall:

(i)

on the First Disbursement Date deposit an amount equal to the Interest Reserve

Amount into the Interest Reserve Account, and

(ii)

thereafter, ensure that any amounts deposited on the Interest Reserve Account

are used for payment of interest on the next relevant Interest Payment Date.

13.4

Financial Covenants

(a) Value Adjusted Equity Ratio
The Value Adjusted Equity Ratio of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) shall during the term o f the Bonds not fall below 15%.

(b) Debt Level The Debt Level of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) shall not exceed:

26

(i)

USD 495 million (including the Bond Issue and up to USD 70 million in

additional Permitted First Rig Financing) in the period from the Issue Date; and

(ii)

if the Second Rig is ordered in accordance with the terms set out herein, USD

565 million (including the Bond Issue and up to USD 70 million in additional

Permitted First Rig Financing and USD 70 million related to the Second Rig)

from the date on which the Parent has entered into a construction contract with

the Yard and service contract with Pemex, each with respect to the Second Rig

and on terms as contemplated herein, unless the Second Rigco has obtained a

Ringfenced Second Rig Financing, in which case the Debt Level shall be no

higher than USD 495 million plus the Ringfenced Second Rig Financing.

13.5

Parent Special Covenants

(a) Ownership
The Parent shall maintain;roo% direct ownership and control over the Issuer and procure that the Issuer maintains 100% direct ownership and control over Modular Holdco and Modular Holdco maintains ido% direct ownership and control over the Rigco and Rigco maintains 100% ownership of the Rig, subject always to the Mandatory Prepayment provisions.

(b)

Equity requirement V

In the event of a capital injection being required in the Issuer, the Parent shall ensure that such capital is provided in the form of equity from the Parent (any additional shares to be added to and become subject to the Issuer Share Pledge).

(c)

Second Rig

The Parent undertakes to ensure that, if it (or any other relevant Group Company) decides to undertake the contemplated acquisition of the Second Rig that (i) the construction contract with respect to the Second Rig is entered into by or novated to the Second Rigco, (ii) the Second Rig shall be owned by the Second Rigco, such Second Rigco to be a sister company of the Rigco, 100% owned by the Modular Holdco and (iii) the financing of the . Second Rig shall be obtained in accordance with the terms set out in Clause 13.3^).

.(d) Additional units or commitments
The Parent shall procure that neither the Issuer, Modular Holdco, the Rigco or any other subsidiary of the Issuer shall acquire, order or in any other way assume any liability or make any commitment with respect to any additional drilling rig or other offshore operational vessel or unit, or rhake or commit any other material new capital expenditures other than related to the group's existing drilling rigs, i.e. the Rig, the Second Rig and the Jack-Up Rigs.

(e) . No enforcement .
Parent shall not enforce any monetary claim against the Issuer, Modular Holdco or the Rigco without prior written consent of the Trustee, nor permit any affiliated party to enforce such claim.

(f)

Loyalty

Parent shall in its capacity as direct and indirect controlling shareholder of the Issuer, Modular Holdco and the Rigco (and the Second Rigco if applicable) act in accordance with and loyalty to the terms of the Finance Documents in all material respects, e.g. not

demand or vote in favour o f any dividend payments or other distributions from the Issuer nor seek to enforce any loan ot security.

(g)

Security

The Parent shall ensure the due and timely execution and perfection of any security to which it shall become a party pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and at all times ensure that security granted by it remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on its relevant priority.

(h)

Mandatory Prepayment

To the extent a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurs involving the Parent, the Parent shall procure the relevant Mandatory Prepayment to be made and shall instruct its relevant direct or indirect Subsidiaries (i.e. the Subsidiaries of the Issuer) to make any repayment of any Intercompany Loans (or other payments) to the Parent Repayment Account, to be used for Mandatory Prepayment, to the extent such payment would not be prohibited under the Existing Bond,

(i)

Parent Repayment Account

The Parent shall instruct all its direct and indirect Subsidiaries (i.e, the Subsidiaries o f the Issuer) that any payments to be made to the Parent shall be made into the Parent Repayment Account to the extent such payments would not be prohibited under the Existing Bond.

13.6 Modular Holdco Special Covenants

The Issuer shall procure that during the term of the Bonds Modular Holdco shall comply with the covenants set out below.

(a)

Loyalty

Modular Holdco shall in its capacity as direct controlling shareholder of the Rigco (and

the Second Rigco if applicable) to the extent applicable act in accordance with and loyalty

to the terms o f the Finance Documents.

(b)

Ownership

Modular Holdco shall maintain 100% direct ownership and control of the shares in the

Rigco, unless the Bonds :are...redeemed in full in accordance with the Mandatory

Prepayment provisions.

(c)

Second Rig

Modular Holdco undertakes to ensure that, if the Parent (or any other relevant Group Company) decides to undertake the contemplated acquisition of the Second Rig that (i) the construction contract with respect to the Second Rig is entered into by or novated to the Second Rigco, (ii) the Second Rig shall be owned by the Second Rigco, such Second Rigco to be a sister company of the Rigco, 100% owned by the Modular Holdco, and (iii) the financing of the Second Rig shall be obtained in accordance with the terms set out in Clause 13.3(1).

(d)

Security

Modular Holdco shall ensure the due and timely execution and perfection of any security

;

to which it shall become a party pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and at all

times; ensure that security granted by it remains duly created, enforceable and perfected

on its relevant priority

28

14

Fees and expenses

14.1

The Issuer shall cover all costs, and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or

the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its

obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in

connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond

Agreement and the other- Finance Documents and any registration or notifications

relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if

applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities

Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar

arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person,

irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off

arid cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses;payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

H-3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due v to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way m ay be covered by maldrig an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security or Finance Document. If no such reduction of the proceeds is possible, the Bond Trustee may seek funding of such fees, costs arid expenses from the Bondholders, o r. failing them, other third parties, in which case such other third parties will be subrogated into the position of the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Trustee, as the case may be, but subordinate to any further fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee. .

14.4 Any piiblie fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to Such

amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount

which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which

would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b)

the Issuer shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee

evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent Changes in applicable law after the . date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing

to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

15

Events of Default

15.1

The.Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the

following events:

(a)

Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b): Breach o f other obligations
Issuer, Parent or Modular Holdco does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or 'any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is-fpven to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

If for Issuer, Modular Holdco or Rigco:

(i) ,

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within arty originally applicable grace period;

(ii)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) .

any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above o f a total of USD 2 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(d) ] Cross acceleration- Financial Indebtedness If for the Parent:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however

described); or

(ii)

any creditor notify the Parent of its intention to accelerate and/or to start or

starts proceedings to enforce any Financial Indebtedness, any guarantee of.

security provided for any Financial Indebtedness,

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment, guarantee or Security for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) and (ii) above of USD 5,006,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

(e)

Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(0

Insolvency

(i) . Issuer, Modular Holdco or Rigco, is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends malting payments on any of its debts.

(ii)

The value of the assets of Issuer, Modular Holdco or Rigco is less than its

liabilities (talting into account contingent and prospective liabilities)

(g) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for Issuer, Modular Holdco or Rigco, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganization;

(ii)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor,

having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment

obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect o f a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any of its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken irt any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-tip petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

(h)

Creditors'process

Issuer, Modular Holdco or Rigco having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate vtilue as set out in paragraph (c) above.

(i)

Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for Issuer, Parent or Modular Holdco to fulfil or perform any of the terms ofany Finance Document to which it is a party.

(j)

MaterialAdverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15-2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is

continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders,

declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in

default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at; its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15-3

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is

continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued

interest; costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a): the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the ; Bondholders'Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b)

the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the .

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts , due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15-4

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares

the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall

immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal v

due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and

interest on overdue .amounts 'and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding

Bonds due for payment as a result of art Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices

set out in Clause 10.2.

:-

i6

Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all derisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced; without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

- 32 .

 i

(a)

the Issuer;

-

(b)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d)

the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 1

The Bondholders' Meeting shall he summoned by the Bond Trustee, A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall.be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders'Meeting itself..

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if. the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6. . The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from malting any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period, from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall he held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders- Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, arid the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairriian and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 . The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have , the right to he assisted by an advisor, In case of dispute the chairman shall decide .who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

33

i6.2.n

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

,16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership, Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder o f such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2  - In all matters, the Issuer, the Boiid Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote,, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or hot.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the : Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 :A majority o f at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 . The Bondholders' Meeting may, not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders r · or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented; however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any ;  applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders arid the Exchange (provided that the Bonds are listed) shall : be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders'Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

,16.4.2 The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated f Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are
represented.

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 r The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

117.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant, to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may fake any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary of advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any; steps to ascertain whether-any Event of Default has occurred and until if has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely. affect the rights o r . interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach, decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other : than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6. .The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange (provided that the Bonds are listed) shall be notified o f decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting Can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17-1.10

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring o f the Bonds or other situations,,

17.2

Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a Tesult of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set Out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the,Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2 ;

The Issuer is liable for, and Shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection, with-the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3 . The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders

(including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require

satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and

expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted

. in favour o f the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the



Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before

the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3

Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses o f a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertaltes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform, the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security,; .

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4a The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security
 · Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

v::.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with.the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re- issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18

Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders.

By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee hgs. power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent;

the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or

other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security,

opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in

the Securities Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning

that: "

"A

(i)

the Bonds vankpari passu between each other;

(ii)

the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly

towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against,

the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived

from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the

Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any

party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance

Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or.

non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to

exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards

the Bondholders;

(iv)

the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

37

(v)

the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders'

community.

18.2

Bond Defeasance

V

18.2.1

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) -

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of : the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the, Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that

the Defeasance; Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring

the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of

defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or

others; and

(c)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal

opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance

including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights

against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues

regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer 6f the Bond Defeasance:

(a)

the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13,

except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take

any actions that may cause the value o f the Defeasance Security to be reduced,

and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the

Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

; (c)

any Guarantor(s). shall be discharged from their obligations under the

Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as

otherwise agreed; ,

(d)

any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e)

all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain

fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 ^ the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3

Limitation ofclaims

All claims under the Bonds and-this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18,

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1:

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any. other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond. Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy o f this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing Ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless

otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all

1

parties hereto.

18.6. Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities

Depository; and

(b)

if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available:

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b)

if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 v

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall

not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline

relates to, shall be included.

(b)

If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the v

day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number,

corresponds to the'first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not apart of an 

actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is

postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond : Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from talcing proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts w ith. ;; jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

18.8 Process Agent

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Parent and Modular Holdco, prior to the Issue

Date, nominate an agent for service of process in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect o f the courts in Norway, including \

'

but not limited to receipt of notices (in Norwegian: motta varsler) and acceptance of

service of process (in Norwegian: vedta forlcynnelse) or any notices as set out in this Bond

Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

i i
fj j j
I

40 .

^

Issuer
By: Enrique Romo Position: CFO

Bond Trustee

h

By: Position:

jo Forfanj
Legal Director

41

Attachment i

B ig Instalment Dates:

First Disbursement Date

30 September 2014

30 October 2014

28 November 2014

22 December 2014

29 January 2015

27 February 2015

31 March 2015

30 April 2015

' 29 May 2015

'22 June 2015

31 July 2015

31 August2015

.

October 2015

Release amount: USD 25 million USD 5 million USD g million USD 8 million USD 7 million USD 7 million USD 5 million USD 4 million USD 3 million USD 2 million USD 1.5 million USD 2 million USD 2 million USD 3 million

Attachment 2

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1476 Vika N-on6 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@trustee,no

Dear Sirs,

July 30th, 2014

10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up - ISIN NO 0010010715212

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued;. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in; accordance with the Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.4(a), the Value Adjusted Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX;

5. in accordance with Clause i3;4(b), the Debt Level as of [date] is XX; Copies o f our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully.

Enrique Romo Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

43

Attachment 3
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
July 30th, 2014 Dear Sirs, 10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up - ISIN NO 0010010715212 We refer to the Bond Agreement för the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee : ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the.undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] ' from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement set out in - Clause 2.3 (i) to (iv), and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true arid accurate at the time hereof. Yours faithfully, Latina Offshore Holding Limited.
Enrique Romo Enclosure: [copyofanywritten documentation evidencing the use o ffunds]
44

Attachment 4

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT RIG INSTALMENTS

Nordic Trustee ASA

P.O. Box 1470 Vika

N-0116 Oslo

;

Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

July 30th, 2014

Dear Sirs,

10 per cent Latina Offshore Holding Limited Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2016 with step up - ISIN NO 0010010715212

W e refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount]  from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement Clause (v), and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Latina Offshore Holding Limited

Enrique Romo Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use o ffunds]

