ISIN N O 001 0379068 ISIN N O 001 0379076
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Norwegian Energy Company AS (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee)
u n u c iim i u i
the Bondholders in the bond issue Norwegian Energy Company AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
" 2007/2010

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

10

3 Listing

10

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

10

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

11

6 Conditions Precedent

11

7 Representations and Warranties

13

8 Status of the Loan and security

15

9 Interest

15

10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option

16

11 Interest in the event of late payment

18

12 Borrower's acquisition o f Borrower's Bonds

19

13 Covenants

19

14 Fees and expenses

22

15 Events of Default

23

16 Authority o f the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

25

17 Procedural rules

26

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

29

19 Change o f Loan Trustee

29

20 Limitation

29

21 Dispute resuiutiuii miu legal venue

30

22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions

30

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into effective as o f 9 July 2007 between Norwegian Energy Com pany AS (Norwegian Company No 987 989 297) as borrower (the "B orrow er") and N orsk Tillitsm ann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan trustee (the "Loan Trustee").
The Bondholders are bound by the terms of the Loan Agreement as the initial Bondholders in the subscription agreements granted authority to the Loan Trustee to finalise and execute the Loan Agreement on their behalf while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Loan Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Loan Agreement and will automatically become parties to the Loan Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the VPS, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Loan and that such availability is recorded in the VPS particulars relating to the Loan.

I

Definitions

Whenever used m this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the follo wing meaning:

Additional Equity:

shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 13.2 (h).

Altinex ASA:

a limited company incorporated under the laws of Norway with Company No 845 278 822.

Altinex Group:

Altinex ASA and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries.

Altinex international AS:

the company being the indirect owner of all the nonNorwegian licenses within the Altinex Group, with Norwegian Company No 989 753 673.

Altinex Oil Norway AS:

the company being the owner o f all the Norwegian licenses within the Altinex Group, with Norwegian Company No 987 008 644.

|A &
3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Asset Sale Restriction Event:

any sale or disposal o f assets or companies within the Group, either in a single transaction or a series o f related transactions, whether voluntary or involuntary, with a gross transaction value exceeding NOK 100 million after tax, save for sale or disposal o f such assets or companies within the ordinary, daily course o f business o f such Group member.

Bank Loan:

the existing bank facility made available by SR Bank to the Borrower, used to part finance the already acquired Altinex ASA shares.

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders;

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Capital Employed:

the Equity plus the gross financial indebtedness in respect of which interest accrues less free cash and cash equivalents (i.e. free cash in hand and bank deposits with original maturity of three months or less and tax receivables maturing within 12 months).

Change o f Control Event:

means that a shareholder or a group o f affiliated shareholders, or companies, (direct or indirect), ref Norwegian Securities Trading Act § 1-4, obtain (including purchase, merger etc.) ownership or control o f more than 50 - fifty - per cent o f the voting shares o f the Borrower. The Merger shall not constitute a Change o f Control Event.

Debt Restriction Event:

means any new indebtedness as defined in Clause 13.2 (k), other than new indebtedness as provided for in Clause 13.2 (k) items (i) to (iii).

Disbursement Date:

13 July 2007.

EBITDA adjusted for Exploration Costs:

the aggregate annualized EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) of the

^

,

4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Group on a consolidated basis, before exploration cost in the P&L statement.

EBITDA Ratio:

the ratio of Gross Financial Debt III to EBITDA adjusted for Exploration Costs, calculated on a rolling 6 months basis.

Equity:

the aggregate book value, on a consolidated basis, o f the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS (including minority interests) including the book value o f the convertible bonds issued by the Borrower with ISIN 001 036883.0 and the book value of the convertible bonds issued by Altinex ASA with ISIN NO 001 032810.7.

Equity to Capital Employed

Ratio:

the ratio o f Equity to Capital Employed.

Escrow Account:

a NOK account established with a Norwegian Bank in the name o f the Borrower to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favor of the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), in which the bank operating the accounts has waived any set-off rights.

Escrow Account Pledge:

the Norwegian law first priority pledge over the Borrower's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit o f the Borrower in the Escrow Account in favor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Borrower's fulfilment o f its payment obligations (included payment o f principal, interest and expenses) under inis Loan Agreement, ref Clause 6.8 hereof.

Event of Default:

means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.

Exchange:

securities exchange or other reputable market place -for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan is listed or applied for listing.

Exploration Restriction Event:

if the Group reports more than NOK 800 million o f expensed dry well costs (meaning exploration costs resulting from dry wells) after tax in aggregate for the duration o f the Loan (from and including 3Q 2007 to and including 2Q 2010).

5^
5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Finance Documents:
Fixed Tranche: FRN Tranche: Gross Financial Debt I:
Gross Financial Debt II:
Gross Financial Debt III:
Group: Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:

means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting o f any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any o f the other documents referred to in this definition.
the Bonds issued under the IS IN NO 001 037906.8 o f the Loan.
the Bonds issued under the ISIN NO 001 037907.6 o f the Loan.
total financial indebtedness (including i.a. zero coupon debt, guarantees and financial leasing commitments) o f the Group on a consolidated basis less debt financing o f tax receivables within the Group.
total financial indebtedness of the Borrower (including i.a. zero coupon debt, guarantees and financial leasing commitments) less debt financing o f tax receivables within the Borrower only.
total financial indebtedness of the Group (including i.a. zero coupon debt, guarantees and financial leasing commitments) on a consolidated basis less debt financing of tax deductible exploration expenses within the Group.
the Borrower and its (direct and indirect) subsidiaries (including the Altinex Group).
11 July 2007 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.
(i) in respect o f the Fixed Tranche, 13 January and 13 July each year until and including the Maturity Date. No adjustments to the former date shall be made, notwithstanding that the Interest Payment Date occurs on a date that is not a Banking Date; and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) in respect o f the FRN Tranche, 13 January and 13 July each year until and including the Maturity Date. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the latest Banking Day preceding the original date.

Loan:

the Fixed Tranche and the FRN Tranche.

Loan Security:

the security and its documents securing the obligation o f the Borrower under this Loan Agreement as set out in Clause 8.2.

Market Adjusted Equity I:

the aggregate value o f (i) the Market Value o f the shares issued by the Borrower and not owned by a Group member, (ii) the Market Value o f the convertible bonds issued by the Borrower with ISIN NO 001 036883.0 and not owned by a Group member, and (iii) the Market Value o f the shares issued by Altinex ASA and not owned by a Group member. After a Merger has occurred, the Market Adjusted Equity shall mean (i) the Market Value o f the shares in the surviving entity following the Merger and not owned by a Group member plus (ii) the Market Value o f the convertible bonds with ISIN NO 001 036883.0 and not owned by a Group member.

Market Adjusted Equity II:

the aggregate value o f (i) the Market Value o f the shares issued by the Borrower and not owned by the Borrower, and (n) the Market Value o f me convertible bonds issued by the Borrower with ISIN NO 001 036883.0 and not owned by the Borrower (unless this has been refinanced),

Market Adjusted Equity Ratio I:

a fraction, of which (i) the numerator shall be the Market Adjusted Equity I, and (ii) the denominator shall be the aggregate of the Gross Financial Debt I and the Market Adjusted Equity I.

Market Adjusted Equity Ratio II:

a fraction, o f which (i) the numerator shall be the Market Adjusted Equity II, and (ii) the denominator shall be the aggregate of the Gross Financial Debt II and the Market Adjusted Equity II.

Market Value:

the fair market value o f the relevant shares or convertible bonds, to be determined as follows:

c p f' ,'
7

Margin:
ia ru i
Merger:
NIBOR;

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) if the shares or the convertible bonds are listed on an Exchange or quoted on the OTC list in Oslo, the market value o f such assets pursuant to the OTC market or stock exchange price, calculated as the volume weighted average share price (WVAP) the last 20 trading days before the reporting dates as set out in Clause 13.1 (g).
(ii) if the relevant shares or convertible bonds are neither listed on an Exchange nor quoted on the OTC list in Oslo, the fair market value o f the relevant shares or convertible bonds determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the relevant asset obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers (who are independent of the Borrower) familiar with the market for the relevant assets appointed by the Borrower and approved by the Loan Trustee, such valuation shall be made quarterly on the basis o f a sale for prompt delivery for cash at am i's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free o f any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost o f such determination shall be for the account of the Borrower.
5.25 percentage points p.a.
i j July 2010.
a possible merger of the Issuer and Altinex ASA, regardless of which company is the surviving entity.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 6 six - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents of the Reuters NIBR page be changed so that, in the joint opinion o f the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rate shown no longer represents the same kind of interest rate as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it specifies the same kind o f interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement o f the loan. Any disagreement in opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use of a new page must be
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

NIBOR Reference Banks:
Outstanding Loan: Payment Date: Pledged VPS-Account: Put Option: Put Option Events: Release Notice: Remaining Loan:

treated as described in sub-clause 9.2.3 o f the Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis of the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination in Oslo, for a 6 - six - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office o f each o f the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 6 - six - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation of the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.
in relation to the Loan the dates specified for payment o f interest or principal. If Payment Date is not a Banking Day paymenis should be maae me ronowmg Banking Day.
an account established with the Securities Depository in the name o f the Borrower, to be blocked and pledged on first priority in favor o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), in which all the Borrower's shares and convertible bonds in Altincx ASA are to be registered.
each Bondholder's right of early redemption as set forth in Clause 10.4,
shall have the meaning described thereto in Clause 10.4
a Release Notice from the Borrower to the Loan Trustee for withdrawal(s) from the Escrow Account in the form and content as set out in Schedule 1 hereto.
the aggregate principal amount o f all Bonds outstanding in the Loan less the principal amount of the Bonds redeemed by the Borrower and discharged through the Securities Depository.
5
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Securities Depository: Security Assets:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").
all and any asset creating security for the obligations o f the Borrower pursuant to any o f the Finance Documents.

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue the Loan. The Fixed Tranche will consists o f a series o f Bonds in the minimum amount o f NOK 2,300,000,000 (Norwegian kroner two billion three hundred million). The FRN Tranche will consists of a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 500,000,000 (Norwegian kroner five hundred m illion). The Loan (the sum of the Fixed Tranche and FRN Tranche) shall be in the maximum amount o f NOK 2,800,000,000).
The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 500,000.
Ail Bonds shall rank pari passu.
The Loan will be described as "Norwegian Energy Company AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 0379068 for the Fixed Tranche and NO 001 0379076 for the FRN Tranche.
The tej m of die Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan, shall be used for (i) financing the acquisition o f shares in Altinex ASA, (ii) finance all accrued and future cost related to the acquisition o f shares and convertible bonds in Altinex ASA and financing o f the Borrower (including all legal costs and management/advisor costs and fees related thereto) and (ill) repayment of existing Bank Loan (plus accrued interest and fees).

3 Listing
3.1 Subsequent to the Disbursement Date, an application will be made for listing of the Loan on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM).

4

Registration in a Securities Depository

4.1 The Loan m ust prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act o f 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository o f any changes in the terms and conditions o f the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy o f the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation o f correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.

5

The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,

- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment o f his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verity the timely and correct payment o f interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange of circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation o f the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge o f or should have knowledge of such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty o f information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result o f negligence o f the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content o f the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf o f the Borrower.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(h) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) a power o f attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate o f Incorporation and Articles o f Association o f the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf o f the Borrower,
(e) the latest available annual and interim report (if applicable) of the Borrower and the Group,
(f) to the extent necessary, certified copies o f authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower o f the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager o f the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(g) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(h) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(j) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(k) written evidence from the relevant bank that (i) the Escrow Account has been opened, (ii) that the Escrow Account Pledge has been duly registered and, except as couiempiaicd by Clause 6.8 hereoi, (Hi) the Escrow Account has been blocked, the bank has waived its general right to set-off, and no further security over the Escrow Account has been granted,
(l) the agreement for the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed, enforceable and perfected, and
(m) the Pledged VPS Account shall be established.
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the Bonds will be made available to the Bondholders and the net proceeds of the Loan will he transferred to the Escrow Account at the Disbursement Date.
6.3 Funds on the Escrow Account shall only be released and used in connection with the purpose o f the Loan (cf. Clause 2.1) or redemption (cf. Clause 10.2).
/L
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

6.4 The first release from the Escrow Account, to be effected as soon as possible after disbursement, shall be for the purpose o f repaying the Bank Loan. The release from the Escrow Account is conditioned upon the Borrower presenting evidence that all existing security interest in the shares and convertible bonds in Altinex ASA owned by the Borrower are cancelled or will be cancelled upon repayment o f the Bank Loan. All shares and convertible bonds in Altinex ASA owned by the Borrower shall be registered in the Pledged VPS Account as soon as possible following such repayment.
6.5 In connection with any further release o f funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall have received the following:
(i) confirmation that any and all shares and convertible bonds acquired with such funds will be registered in the Pledged VPS Account as part o f the settlement.
6.6 Before any release of funds from the Escrow Account, the Loan Trustee shall in addition have received the following:
(a) a duly executed Release Notice in respect of the relevant release; and
(b) documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released shall be applied in accordance with Clause 2.1 last paragraph.
6.7 In connection with any new acquisition of shares and convertible bonds issued by Altinex ASA by the Borrower, the Borrower shall ensure that such acquired shares or convertible bonds shall constitute a part of the Loan Security by being immediately registered in the Pledged VPS Account.
6.8 The bank(s) issuing the settlement guarantee in respect o f the mandatory offer for the account o f the Borrower to the shareholders in Altinex ASA, shall, before the Trustee is oiiLilieu lu make claims or start enforcement of the Escrow Account Pledge, be entitled to withdraw and/or set-off amounts from the Escrow Account for such settlement, provided that the shares acquired through such settlement are immediately registered in the Pledged VPS Account. The Trustee is authorized to enter into an agreement with the Borrower and the mandatory guarantee- provider to regulate the rights o f the mandatory guarantee provider granted in this Clause 6.8.
6.8 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.

7

Representations and W arranties

7.1 The Borrower shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) the Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery o f the Finance Documents;

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower o f the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event o f Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any o f its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all documents and information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perfonn its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance validity or cuiui ueabniiy oi the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(Ii) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best o f the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(j) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no financial indebtedness will be secured in respect of any Loan Security; and
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date o f the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of not complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.

8

Status of the Loan and security

8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations o f the Borrower other than obligations which are mandatory preferred by law. The Loan shall rank ahead o f subordinated capital.

8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the following which shall constitute the security for the Borrower's obligations under this Loan Agreement:

(i) the Escrow Account Pledge; and

(ii) a first priority pledge over all the Borrower's shares and convertible bonds issued by Altinex ASA by registration in the Pledged VPS Account as provided for in this Loan Agreement. Such security will be cancelled if and when a Merger takes place. The surviving entity will be subject to all obligations o f the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, and may discharge the Borrower's holdings of convertible bonds issued by Altinex ASA.

9

Interest

9.1 The Fixed Tranche bears a fixed interest during the term of the Loan.
9.1.1 The Borrower shall pay interest on the Fixed Tranche from and including the Disbursement Date at a fixed rate of 11.0 per cent per annum. Interest payments shall be made in semi annual arrears on 13 January and 13 July each year, the first interest Payment Date being in January 2008.

9.1.2 Interest on the Fixed Trance shall be calculated on the basis o f a year o f 360 days with twelve 30-day months, unless:

a) the last day o f the period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or

b) the last day of the period is the last day of the month o f February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month.

9.2 The FRN Tranche bears a floating interest during the term of the Loan.

15

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
9.2.1 Interest on the FRN Tranche accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date being in January 2008.
9.2.2 The interest rate on the FRN Tranche is reset with effect from each Interest Payment Date. The new interest rate is reset on the Interest Determination Date based on NIBOR plus the Margin. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be reset based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
When the interest is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date must be notified to the Bondholders in writing via the Securities Depository. This communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified of the new interest rate immediately.
9.2.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/10th o f the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, o f which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives ui iiie iwu parlies, ii ihe parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person will be nominated by the Chief Justice of the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.
Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.3.
9.2.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number o f elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement Date to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date. The number o f days is divided by 360.
10 Maturity of the Loan, Call Option, Mandatory Redemption and Put Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
10.2 The Borrower may redeem parts o f the Loan or the entire Loan as follows (Call Option), always provided that relative portion redeemed in the Fixed Tranche and FRN Tranche shall be proportional: (i) any time from the Disbursement Date to, but not included, 13 October 2007 at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, always provided that this Call Option is only applicable for the proceeds from the Loan remaining on the Escrow Account on the date o f such call. If all the amount on the Escrow Account is utilized and the Additional Equity is in place within these three months, this Call Option is also applicable for an amount equal to the amount o f new equity, however maximum NOK 280 million.
(ii) any time from and included 13 October 2007 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 103 % o f par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount. If the Loan is called according to this clause during the first year after Disbursement Date, the Bondholders shall, in addition to 103 % o f par value, receive interest for a full year, regardless o f when the Loan is called.
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption of the Loan must be carried out by drawing of lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
Any remaining funds on the Escrow Account may be used in connection with, redemption according to the Call Option described herein.
10.3 If the Borrower sells, disposes of or otherwise dilutes its ownership interest (directly or indirectly) in Altinex ASA (other than by Merger) or in Altinex Oil Norway AS or in Altinex International AS, the Remaining Loan shall be redeemed according to the Call Option structure described in Clause 10.2.
10.4 Upon the following events ("Put O ption Events"):
(i) a Debt Restriction Event,
(ii) an Asset Sale Restriction Event,
(iii) en Exploration Restriction Event, or
(iv) a Change o f Control Event,
each Bondholder shall have the right o f early redemption o f its Bonds at 101% o f par value (plus accrued interest). If the event triggering the put event takes place during the first calendar year after Disbursement Date, the Bondholders that exercises their Put Options shall in addition to a price of 101 % of par also receive interest for the full first
17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
year. The redemption obligations on the Borrower are however limited so that the aggregate putable amount for all Bondholders shall not exceed:
(a) in respect o f a Debt Restriction Event, an amount equalling the amount o f new indebtedness triggering such Put Option,
(b) in respect o f an Asset Sale Restriction Event, an amount equalling 75 % o f the gross transaction value o f the relevant disposal of less the book value o f any debt related to such asset or company,
(c) in respect of an Exploration Restriction Event, an amount equalling the difference between the actual reported figures and NOK 800 million after tax, and
(d) in respect of a Change o f Control Event, an amount equalling the Remaining Loan.
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid limitation shall be calculated in connection with each event triggering a Put Option. Any unutilised putable amount shall not be carried forward to another event triggering a new Put Option.
If the Bondholders demand an amount of Bonds to be putted which exceeds the aforesaid limitation on the putable amount, the Loan Trustee shall draw lots o f which Bonds shall be early redeemed and which Bonds which shall not.
The Put Option must be exercised within twenty Banking Days after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (h), always provided that in respect o f a Change of Control Event, the Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Borrower has given such notice.
The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder independently by giving written notice of me request tu liic Bunuiiuiuer's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent of the Loan (the "Paying Agent") o f the pre-payment request. The put date shall be the twenty-fifth - 25 - Banking Days after the aforesaid notification to the Bondholder by the Borrower, always provided that in respect o f a Put Option triggered by a Change o f Control Event, the put date shall be fifteen - 1 5 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
11 Interest in the event of late paym ent
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

12

B orrow er's acquisition of B orrow er's Bonds

12.1 The Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or discharged against the Remaining Loan.

13

Covenants

13.1 During the term o f the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee o f any default o f the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as o f any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and quarterly reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon as they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end o f the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim report period,
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance o f Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications o f the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Tmstee provide the docum ents and inform ation necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) (i.e. quarterly) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13 and issue an updated status in respect o f the Put Option Events, and
(h) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Put Option Event takes place. Such notice shall clearly state (i) the event triggering the Put Option, (ii) the aggregate putable amount, (iii) the put price in force, and (iv) the put period.
13.2 During the term o f the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall:
(i) sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations,
(ii) change the nature of its business, or
(iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business (other than the Merger),
in a manner which may have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to comply with the its obligations under this Loan Agreement,
(c) not make any arrangements which may jeopardize the Loan Security (excluding the Merger),
(d) not permit any member o f the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course o f such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time,
(e) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other form o f encumbrance over (i) the Security Assets, (ii) any shares issued by Altinex Oil Norway AS, (iii) any shares issued by Altinex International AS, and (iv) any shares issued by any other direct owned subsidiary o f the Borrower (or following a Merger, the surviving entity),
(f) not make or declare any dividend payment, reduction o f share capital, repurchase of siiciiGs (including any transaction with a similar effect, i.e, total return swap) or other distributions or loans to its shareholders,
(g) procure that the shares o f the Borrower (or, following a Merger; the surviving entity's shares) shall (i) be listed on Oslo Børs/Oslo Axess within the end o f 2007 (and, to the extent possible, remain listed thereafter), and (ii) be listed within reasonable time after the Disbursement Date at the OTC list in Oslo until listing on Oslo Børs/Oslo Axess,
(h) procure that it within the end o f 2007 shall be capitalized with further equity for an amount o f minimum 10 % of the face value o f the Remaining Loan at date o f the 13 o f October 2007 (the "A dditional Equity") (as an example; if NOK 2,800 million o f Bonds are outstanding on 13 October 2007, NOK 280 million o f additional equity shall be in place within the end o f 2007),
(i) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, grant any loans or guarantees to any third party not being a member of the Group, other than the guarantee granted by Altinex ASA in connection with the bond issue o f Geopard A/S with ISIN NO 001 032102.9,
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(j) ensure that the Group hedges, by way o f put options, forwards or other derivatives, its future estimated oil production at a minimum as follows: The strike price shall be minimum USD 50/boe, and the Group shall make sure that hedging is in place for the following rolling 24 months for the following portion of the estimated productions:
(i) in Norway for minimum 20 % o f the estimated production, and
(ii) in other countries than Norway for minimum 50 % of the estimated production.
Such oil price hedging program shall be reported in the beginning of every quarter.
(k) not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, incur any further (including but not limited to drawings of available amounts under existing facilities) financial indebtedness (including but not limited to guarantees, capitalized leases and other arrangements with the commercial effect o f borrowing) other than:
(i) new indebtedness in direct relation to finance acquisitions of discoveries, producing assets or companies, however, always limited to maximum 70 % of transaction value of such acquisitions,
(ii) new indebtedness in direct relation to finance acquisitions of exploration acreages, prospects or discoveries, however, always limited to maximum 70 % of transaction value of such acquisitions,
(iii) new indebtedness in direct relation to finance development o f undeveloped assets or development of fields under development, however, always limited to maximum 70 % o f estimated development cost related thereto,
(iv) any new indebtedness provided that all Bondholders are offered a right o f repayment (Put Option) at 101 % o f par value plus accrued interest for an aggregate amount equaling the amount of such new indebtedness (the "D ebt R estriction Event"). Such Put Option must be notified and exercised pursuant to the provision o f Clause 10.4.
For the avoidance of doubt, replacement/refinancing of existing drawn financial indebtedness within the Group shall not be considered as further indebtedness.
(1) if the Borrower owns and/or controls more than 90 % o f the voting shares in Altinex ASA, not carry out a Merger unless pledge o f Borrower's shares in Altinex Oil Norway AS and Altinex International AS (or security in any other o f the Borrower's asset(s), the effect o f which will be that the Bondholders' position under this Loan Agreement is not considered by the Loan Trustee to be materially weakened) are offered by Borrower as replacement for the Loan Security provided and to the extent such pledge is requested by Loan Trustee in writing, or approval by the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting is obtained in advance.
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
13.3 During the term o f the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following financial covenants:
(a) if the total value o f (i) the Market Value o f the Borrower's shares in Altinex ASA plus (ii) the Market Value of the Borrower's holding o f the convertible bonds issued by Altinex ASA with ISIN NO 001 032810.7 plus (iii) the book value o f the remaining funds on the Escrow Account at any time decrease to below 125 % o f the face value of the Remaining Loan, the Borrower shall within 30 Banking Days thereafter increase such level to minimum 150 %.
This Clause 13.3 (a) shall not apply after the completion o f the Merger.
(b) ensure that the Group, on a consolidated basis, maintains an Equity to Capital Employed Ratio of at least 20 %, always provided that if the Group is in breach with this provision in Clause 13.3 (b), it will have 2 months to increase the Equity to Capital Employed Ratio above 20 %,
(c) ensure that the Group, on a consolidated basis, maintains a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio I of at least 30 %, always provided that if the Group is in breach with this provision in Clause 13.3 (c), it will have 2 months to increase the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio 1 above 30 %.
(d) maintain a Market Adjusted Equity Ratio II o f at least 40 %, always provided that if the Borrower is in breach with this provision in Clause 13.3 (d), it will have 2 months to increase the Market Adjusted Equity Ratio II above 40 %.
This Clause 13.3 (d) shall not apply after the completion o f the Merger or after the Borrower owns and controls 100 % o f the shares in Altinex ASA.
(e) ensure that the Group, on a consolidated basis, maintains a EBITD A Ratio o f less than 8.Ox , always provided that if the Group is in breach with this provision in Clause 13.3 (e), it will have 2 months to decrease the EBITDA Ratio below 8.Ox.
14 Fees and expenses
14.1 The Borrower shall pay an annual fee to the Loan Trustee, the amount o f which is set out in a separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee.
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing o f the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee o f the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.
15 Events of D efault
15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence o f any o f the following events (Events o f Default):
(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and It is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.
(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,
(c) if, for each member of the Group, the aggregate amount o f financial indebtedness or commitment for financial indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness o f due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described),
(d) if, for any member o f the Group;
(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason o f actual or anticipated
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any o f its indebtedness,
(ii) the value of the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or
(iii) a moratorium is declared,
(iv) a substantial part o f its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,
(e) if, for any member of the Group; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;
(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer o f any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets,
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made,
15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement (however always acknowledging the rights o f the bank as described in Clause 6.8). Upon an Event o f Default, the Remaining Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.
15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration o f default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot o f his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 A uthority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change of Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement o f the Loan Trustee, o f significant importance for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment o f the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee o f it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment o f the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
A request of a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders1meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions o f Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date of the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place o f residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change o f the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
If in order to make a valid decision it is necessary, pursuant to Clause 18, to hold a new Bondholders' meeting and discuss the matter a second time, such new Bondholders' meeting cannot be summoned before the first meeting has been held. The summons to the second meeting shall inform of the turnout and result o f the vote at the first Bondholders' meeting.
17.4 The meeting shall be held at the premises o f the Loan Trustee or at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.
The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative of the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.
27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The minutes o f the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result o f the vote, shall be recorded. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and shall be available to the Bondholders.
17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to meet with an advisor and/or by proxy.
17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification o f the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) which was sent to each Bondholder through the Securities Depository in the summons to the meeting, see Clause 17.3, serves as proof o f ownership o f the Bonds and o f each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.
The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.
In case of doubt, the Bondholders' meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.
17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.
Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.
17.8 In the following matters a majority o f 2/3 o f the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour o f the decision:
(a) change of bondholders' representative,
(b) change of borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are o f significant importance for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number o f votes shall be recorded in the minutes o f the meeting. In the case o f a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form o f a certified copy o f the minutes of the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1 b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change o f Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified of the decision and the date on which the change o f loan trustee becomes effective.
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests o f the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost of the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14,4, but may he recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach o f the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible,
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up o f conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Lim itation
20.1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18, 1979 nr. 18.
29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21 Dispute resolution and legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out o f or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue o f the Loan Trustee.

22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning o f Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the S ecu rities Act p ro v id ed b y R u le 144 th ere u n d e r (if available).
The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.

Oslo, effective as of 9 M y 2007

N orw egian Energy C om pany AS Borrower

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee

The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), o f which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
30

