Execution version

ISINNO 001 066138.2

RESTATEMENT AND AMENDMENT OF BOND AGREEMENT
between
FLOATEL INTERNATIONAL LTD. as Issuer
FLOATEL SUPERIOR LTD. FLOATEL RELIANCE LTD. FLOATEL VICTORY LTD. FLOATEL SUPERIOR B.V. FLOATEL RELIANCE B.V.
as Guarantors
and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders
in the bond issue 8.00 per cent. Floatel International Ltd. Senior Secured
Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017 dated 11 October 2012,
as restated and amended on 28 November 2012

L 3437642 VI 28.11.12 508824-012

This restatement and amendment agreement (the "Restatement Agreement") has been entered into on 28 November 2012 between: (1) FLOATEL INTERNATIONAL LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with
company registration number 38902 as issuer (the "Issuer"); (2) NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, (a company incorporated in Norway with company no.
963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee"); (3) FLOATEL SUPERIOR LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company
registration number 40891 as guarantor; (4) FLOATED RELIANCE LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company
registration number 41165 as guarantor; (5) FLOATED VICTORY LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company
registration number 45615 as guarantor; (6) FLOATEL SUPERIOR B.V. a company incorporated in The Netherlands, with
company registration number 5018.1041 as guarantor; and (7) FLOATEL RELIANCE B.V. a company incorporated in The Netherlands, with
company registration number 5018.1556 as guarantor (together with Floatel Superior Ltd., Floatel Reliance Ltd., Floatel Victory Ltd. and Floatel Superior B.V, the "Guarantors" and individually a "Guarantor")
WHEREAS: (A) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee entered into a bond agreement dated 11 October 2012
in relation to the 8.00 per cent. Floatel International Ltd. Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017 (the "Original Bond Agreement"). (B) Pursuant to Clause 6.3 of the Original Bond Agreement a condition precedent for cash drawdown and payment of the Refinancing Amount is inter alia that each Guarantor executes the Original Bond Agreement. (C) In relation to the Guarantors executing the Original Bond Agreement, the Parties have agreed to amend and restate the Original Bond Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Restatement Agreement.
IT IS AGREED THAT:
2

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions:
In this Restatement Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Amended and Restated Bond Agreement" means the amended and restated Original Bond Agreement attached to this Restatement Agreement as Schedule 1, as the same may be further amended from tune to time.
"Effective Date" means the day on which this Restatement Agreement is signed by all parties hereto.
1.2 Interpretation: All words and expressions not defined herein but whose meanings are defined in tire Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall have the meanings set out therein when used in this Restatement Agreement unless the context otherwise requires, and Clause 1.2 of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement shall apply to the interpretation of this Restatement Agreement as if it were set out in full.
2. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT 2.1 As of and with effect from the Effective Date, the Original Bond Agreement shall be,
and is hereby, amended and restated in the form set out in Schedule 1 and each of the parties hereto agrees to be bound by the terms of the Amended and Restated Bond Agreement. 2.2 All references to "Bond Agreement" in each of the Finance Documents shall be construed as if they were references to the Original Bond Agreement as amended and restated by this Restatement Agreement.
3. EXECUTION BY THE GUARANTORS 3.1 Each of the Guarantors hereby execute the Bond Agreement as amended and restated by
this Restatement Agreement.
4. CONFIRMATION AND UNDERTAKING 4.1 Each of the Obligors confirms that all of its respective obligations under or pursuant to
each of the Security Documents to which it is a party remain in full force and effect, despite the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement made in this Restatement Agreement, as if all references in any of the Security Documents to the "Bond Agreement" were references to the Original Bond Agreement as amended and restated by this Restatement Agreement. 4.2 The definition of any term defined in any of the Security Documents shall, to the extent necessary, be modified to reflect the amendments to the Original Bond Agreement made in or pursuant to this Restatement Agreement.

5. FURTHER ASSURANCES 5.1 Each of the Obligors hereby covenant that from time to time at the request of the Bond
Trustee they will execute and deliver to the Bond Trustee or procure the execution and delivery to the Bond Trustee of any and all such documents as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require for giving full effect to this Restatement Agreement and for perfecting and protecting the value of or enforcing any security granted to the Bond Trustee under or pursuant to the Original Bond Agreement as amended by this Restatement Agreement.
6. NOTICES, DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND LEGAL VENUE 6.1 The provisions of Clause 22.6 (Notices, contact information), Clause 22.7 (Dispute
resolution and legal venue) and Clause 22.8 (Process Agent) of the Original Bond Agreement shall apply (mutatis mutandis) to this Restatement Agreement as if they were set out in full with references to this Restatement Agreement substituted for references to the Bond Agreement.
k k k kk

4

/)

V

This Restatement Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Floatel International Ltd. Issuer

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

A» nd.rea(snaniP&ijnsbslorcvk loetTterLs)Larsen Attorney-In-Fact
(Position)
VejH\Vxr
(Date)
Floatel Superior Ltd. Guarantor
C h r J O\ \ ~ L l>cSf/v
(name in block letters)
Andreas Fjærvofl-Larsen Attorney-in-Fact
(Position)
^ W c it A aT
(Date)

jr,
,V 1

(Position)
1
(Date)

Floatel Reliance Ltd. Guarantor
:> A L W * ,

2 --.

(name in block letters)
Andreas Fjærvoll-Larsen Attorney-in-Fact
(Position)
2s r-W/nbr Lola
(Date)

Floatel Victory Ltd. Guarantor

Floatel Superior B.V.

(iname in block letters)
Andreas Fjaervoil-Larsen Attorney-in-Fact
(Position)
(Date)
Floatel Reliance B.V. Guarantor

Andreas Fjasrvoll-Larsen Attorney-in-Fact
(Position)
evK '\AcVan\Wr 2a12
(Date)

Andreas Fjaervoll-Larsen Attorney-in-Fact
(Position)
3 -S HoAaiÄoG ZoVA-

6
0/

SCHEDULE 1 RESTATED AND AMENDED BOND AGREEMENT

7

CL/

"S xX ~ yyr----

3 3:-;.

Execution version

-V-r: ISIN N O 001 066138.2

BOND AGREEMENT
between
FLOATEL INTERNATIONAL LTD. as Issuer
FLOATEL SUPERIOR LTD. FLOATEL RELIANCE LTD. FLOATEL VICTORY LTD. FLOATEL SUPERIOR B.V. FLOATEL RELIANCE B.V.
as Guarantors and
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA as Bond Trustee on belralf o f the Bondholders
in the bond issue 8.00 per cent. Floatel International Ltd. Senior Secured
Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017 dated 11 October 2012,
as restated and amended on 28 November 2012 2 SELM ER
L_3438780__V1 28.11.12 508824-012

CONTENTS
Clause
1. Interpretation............................................. 2. The Bonds................................................. 3. Listing....................................................... 4. Registration In The Securities Register.... 5. Purchase And Transfer Of Bonds............. 6. Conditions Precedent And Settlement..... 7. Representations And Warranties.............. 8. Status Of The Bonds And Security.......... 9. Interest....................................................... 10. Maturity O f The Bonds And Redemption 11. Payments................................................... 12. Issuer's Acquisition Of Bonds................. 13. Guarantee And Indemnity........................ 14. Information Covenants............................. 15. Financial Covenants.................................. 16. General Covenants................................... 17. Rig Covenants........................................... 18. Fees And Expenses.................................... 19. Events O f Default...................................... 20. Bondholders' Meeting.............................. 21. The Bond Trustee...................................... 22. Miscellaneous............................................

Attachments

1.

Compliance Certificate - Financial Covenants

2.

Compliance Certificate - Senior Facilities Cap

3.

Release Notice - Cash Escrow Account

Page
...3 .18 .19 .20 .20 .20 .24 .27 .27 .28 .32 .33 .34 .37 .39 .40 .47 .50 .51 .54 .57 .59

This agreement has been entered into on 11 October 2012, as restated and amended on 28 November 2012, between:
(1) FLOATEL INTERNATIONAL LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company registration number 38902 as issuer (the "Issuer");
(2) NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, (a company incorporated in Norway with company no. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee");
(3) FLOATEL SUPERIOR LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company registration number 40891 as guarantor;
(4) FLOATEL RELIANCE LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company registration number 41165 as guarantor;
(5) FLOATEL VICTORY LTD., a company incorporated in Bermuda, with company registration number 45615 as guarantor;
(6) FLOATEL SUPERIOR B.V. a company incorporated in The Netherlands, with company registration number 5018.1041 as guarantor; and
(7) FLOATEL RELIANCE B.V. a company incorporated in The Netherlands, with company registration number 5018.1556 as guarantor (together with Floatel Superior Ltd., Floatel Reliance Ltd., Floatel Victory Ltd. and Floatel Superior B.V, the "Guarantors" and individually a "G uarantor")
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
hr this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clause 22.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Acceptable Bank" means Swedbank Norge, Norwegian Branch of Swedbank AB or such other bank as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in tire Securities Register.
"Additional Escrow Account Funds" means an amount in USD funded by other sources than the Bond Issue with such amount as is necessary for tire total deposited amount hr the Cash Escrow Account, subsequent to the transfer of the net proceeds from the Bonds to the Cash Escrow Account, to equal the minimum of (a) the gross cash proceeds of the Bonds issued for cash consideration (before deduction of any fees and costs payable related to the Bond Issue) plus (b) the maximum of interest accruing from the Settlement Date to and including the first Interest Payment Date in order to finance, if required, the return of funds in accordance with Clause 10.8 as a consequence of all conditions precedent requirements not being satisfied or waived on or before the first Interest Payment Date.
"Assignment Agreements" means
3
/

(a)

the Superior Assignment of Earnings,

(b)

the Superior Assignment o f Requisition Compensation;

(c)

the Superior Assignment o f Employment Contracts;

(d)

the Superior Assignment o f Management Agreements;

(e)

the Superior Assignment o f Insurances;

(f)

the Reliance Assignment of Credit Rights;

(g)

the Reliance Assignment of Project Contracts;

(h)

the Reliance Assignment of Management Agreements;

(i)

the Reliance Assignment of Insurances;

(j)

the Victory Assignment o f Earnings;

(k)

the Victory Assignment of Management Agreements; and

(l)

the Victory Assignment of Insurances;

made or to be made between the relevant Obligors and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from tune to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 20.

"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.

"Bonds Escrow Account" means a VPS escrow account in the name of the Issuer, to which the Settlement Bonds will be credited on the Issue Date. The Bonds Escrow Account shall be blocked and subject to the Bonds Escrow Account Pledge and the bank operating the account shall have waived any set-off rights.

"Bonds Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Bonds Escrow Account and all Settlement Bonds credited thereto, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders under the Temporary Bonds).

"Builder" means Keppel FELS Limited.

4

"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.

"Cash Escrow Account" mean an escrow account denominated in USD in the name of the Issuer, with an Acceptable Bank, subject to the Cash Escrow Account Pledge and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Cash Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the relevant Account Bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Cash Escrow Account, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).

"Change of Control Event" means an event whereby:

(a)

any person or group, acting jointly or in concert, directly or indirectly, save for

Keppel or Oaktree or any of their respective affiliates, (a) becomes the owner of

more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares in the Issuer, or (b) acquire

(including by purchase, merger etc.) the right to cast, at a general meeting of

shareholders of the Issuer, more than 50 % of the votes that may ordinarily be

cast in a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer;

(b)

Keppel (directly or indirectly) ceases to hold more than 25% o f the outstanding

voting shares in the Issuer; or

(c)

neither Keppel nor Oaktree (directly or indirectly) is the largest shareholder in

the shareholder list o f the Issuer.

"Defeasance Pledge" means as set out in Clause 22.2(a)(i).

"Earning Accounts" mean the accounts to which all Existing Accommodation Unit Earnings are to be received. The Earnings Accounts shall be pledged in favour o f the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding default) pursuant to the Earnings Account Pledge.

"Earnings Account Pledge" means second priority pledge over the Issuer's and/or the Guarantors' and/or any intra-group charterer's (if any) (as the case may be) claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer or the Guarantors in the respective Earnings Accounts, ranking after the first priority pledge of Earnings Accounts granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement, the Reliance Loan Agreement and the Victory Loan Agreement respectively and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreements.

"Employment Contract" means any charter agreement or other employment contracts in

5

respect of any of the Existing Accommodation Units..

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 19.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Existing Accommodation Units" means the following accommodation units 100 % owned by the respective rig owning Guarantors:

(a)

Floatel Superior;

(b)

Floatel Reliance; and

(c)

Floatel Victory.

"Existing Accommodation U nit Earnings" means all moneys whatsoever which now or later become payable (actually or contingently) to the Issuer, a Guarantor or any intra group charterer (if any) and which arise out of the use of or operation of any Existing Accommodation Unit, including, but not limited to:

(a)

all freight, hire and passage moneys payable, including (without limitation)

payments of any nature under any charter or any agreement for the employment,

use, possession, management and/or operation of any Unit;

(b)

any claim under any guarantees related to the hire payable to any Obligor as a

consequence of the operation of a Unit;

(c)

any compensation payable to an Obligor in the event of any requisition of a

Unit or for the use of the Unit by any government authority or other competent

authority;

(d)

remuneration for salvage, towage and other services performed by a Unit

payable to an Obligor;

(e)

demurrage and retention money receivable by air Obligor in relation to a Unit;

(f)

all moneys which are at any time payable under the Unit Insurances in respect

of loss of earnings; and

(g)

if and whenever a Unit is employed on tenn whereby any moneys falling within

paragraphs (a) to (f) above are pooled or shared with any other person, that

proportion of the net receipts o f tire relevant pooling or sharing arrangement

which is attributable to that Unit.

"Existing Bond Agreement" means the bond agreement dated 25 August 2010 entered into between Floatel Superior Ltd. as issuer and Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as bond trustee for the Existing Bondholders under which Existing Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of USD 75,000,000 has been issued.

"Existing Bondholders" means the holders of Existing Bonds.

6

"Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over" means the offer from the Issuer to the Existing Bondholders to participate in the Bond Issue by exchange of their Existing Bonds for Bonds (valued at par value), plus the call option premium pursuant to the Existing Bond Agreement and accrued interest on the Existing Bonds.

"Existing Bonds" means senior secured bonds with ISIN NO 001 058424.6 issued by Floatel Superior Ltd. pursuant to the Existing Bond Agreement.

"Finance Documents" means:

(a)

this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause

18.1;

(c)

the Security Documents (including the Guarantees);

(d)

the Inter-Creditor Agreements; and

(e)

any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance

Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract which

would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(d)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as

indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

any liability under the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its

acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is

arranged primarily as a method o f raising finance or financing the acquisition of

that asset;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or

benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect

of a borrowing or raising of money (including any forward sale of purchase

agreement);

7

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond,

standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank

or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against

financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in (a)

through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year and audited unconsolidated annual accounts and financial statements of each Obligor, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Financial Support" means any (whether actual or contingent) loans, credits or other financial liablity, investment, contribution or any guarantee, indemnity or other assurance against financial loss (including any Security) to or for the benefit of any other company, entity or person, or otherwise in respect of any liability in respect of any obligation of any other company, entity or person.

"Floatel Reliance" means a Bermuda flag KEFLS SSAU-3600-DP2 Semi-Submersible Accommodation (500 Men) and Multi Service Unit (floatel) and everything now or in the future belonging to her on board and ashore, constructed and delivered by KeppelFELS Shipyard, Singapore In 2010 with IMO no. 8770247.

"Floatel Superior" means a Bermuda flag KEFLS DSS20-NS-DP3 Semi-Submersible Accommodation (440 Men) and Multi Service Unit (floatel) and everything now or in the future belonging to her on board and ashore, constructed and delivered by KeppelFELS Shipyard, Singapore in 2010 with IMO no. 8769896.

"Floatel Victory" means a KEFLS SSAU-4000NG-DP3 Semi-Submersible Accommodation (500 Men) and Multi Service Unit (floatel) and everything now or in the future belonging to her on board and ashore, currently under construction by the Builder with Keppel FELS Limited's hull no B343 pursuant to the Victory Building Contract.

"Floating Charges" means second priority floating charges under Bermuda law or other applicable law over all the assets of each of Floatel Superior Ltd, Floatel Reliance Ltd. and Floated Victory Ltd., which to the extent possible will include IP-rights and operations manuals for each relevant Existing Accommodation Unit, ranking after the first priority floating charges granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement, the Reliance Loan Agreement and the Victory Loan Agreement respectively and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreements.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

G roup" means the Issuer and all its direct or indirect Subsidiaries from time to time

(each a "Group Company" and together the "Group Companies".

"Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantee (Norwegian "pab'avsgaranti") as set out in Clause 13.

"Guaranteed Obligations" means as set out in Clause 13.1(a).

"G uarantor Obligations" means as set out in Clause 13.2.

"Intercompany Loan Pledges" means the first priority pledge in any intercompany loans (such intercompany loans being subordinated to each of the respective Senior Facilities in the same way as the Guarantees) from the Issuer (as lender) to any of the Guarantors (as borrower).

"Inter-Creditor Agreements" mean the agreements between:

(a)

the Issuer, Floatel Superior Ltd., the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the

Bondholders) and the agent on behalf o f the lenders and swap providers under

the Senior Facility related to Floatel Superior;

(b)

the Issuer, Floatel Reliance Ltd., the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the

Bondholders) and the agent on behalf of the lenders and swap providers under

the Senior Facility related to Floatel Reliance; and

(c)

the Issuer, Floatel Victory Ltd., the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the

Bondholders) and the agent on behalf of the lenders and swap providers under

the Senior Facility related to Floatel Victory,

each substantially in the form and content agreed between the parties prior to the Issue Date and otherwise on customary terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee may approve.

"Interest Paym ent Date" means 11 January, 11 April, 11 July and 11 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"ISM Code" means the International Safety Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevent.

"ISPS Code" means the International Ship and Port Facility Security (ISPS) Code as adopted by the International Maritime Organization's (IMO) Diplomatic Conference of December 2002.

"Issue Date" means 11 October 2012.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Joint Lead M anagers" means Feamley Securities AS, Grev Wedels Plass 9, N-0107

9

Oslo, Norway, Nordea Markets, P.O. Box 1166 Sentram, N-0107 Oslo, Norway, Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds gt. 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway, SEB Merchant Banking, Filipstad Brygge 1, N-0252 Oslo, Norway, and Swedbank First Securities, P.O. Box 1441 Vika, N-0115 Oslo, Norway.

"Keppel" means Keppel Corporation Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore with registration number 196800351N.

"Managers" means the Joint Lead Managers for the Bond Issue.

"M anagement Agreement" means any mtra-Group agreement for (i) the management of the Existing Accommodation Units, (ii) tire project management or (iii) related to the allocation of costs between the Issuer and any Group Company.

"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:

(a)

the financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a

whole;

(b)

the Issuer's or any o f the Guarantor's or any other security provider's ability to

perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents; or

(c)

the validity of any Finance Document.

"M aturity date" means 11 October 2017. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Mortgages" means:

(a)

The Superior Mortgage;

(b)

The Reliance Mortgage; and

(c)

The Victory Mortgage,

and each of them, a "Mortgage".

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.

"New Accommodation Units" means any additional accommodation units contracted or delivered (whether already contracted or under construction) or acquired (including partly owned units) directly or indirectly by a member o f the Group after the Issue Date, other than the Existing Accommodation Units (each a "New Accommodation Unit").

"New Shareholder Injections" means as set out in Clause 15.1.

"Oaktree" means OCM Wonder PT/FF Holdings PT, Ltd., an exempted company organised under the laws of Cayman Islands with registration number 264947.

"Obligors" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.

"Offer Amount" means as set out in Clause 10.7(a).

10

"Offer Period" means as set out in Clause 10.7(a).

"Operating Accounts" means the operating accounts opened or to be opened by the Obligors related to each Existmg Accommodation Unit. The Operating Accounts shall be pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), but not blocked (unless there is an outstanding default) pursuant to the Operating Account Pledge.

"Operating Account Pledge" means second priority pledge over the Issuer's and/or the Guarantors' (as the case may be) claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer or the Guarantors in the respective Operating Accounts, ranking after the first priority pledge of Operating Accounts granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement, tire Reliance Loan Agreement and the Victory Loan Agreement respectively and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreements.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.

"Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent" means as set out in Clause 6.3.

"Prepaym ent Offer" means as set out in Clause 10.7(a).

"Project Documents" mean:

(a)

the Victory Building Contract;

(b)

any Employment Contract with a duration of more than 12 months; and

(c)

any Management Agreement related to the Existing Accommodation Units.

"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Q uarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.

"Reference Period" has the meaning as set out in Clause 15.1.

"Refinancing Amount" means the aggregate USD amount required for repayment of the Existing Bonds not applied as Settlement Bonds plus call premium and any accrued interest payable as set out in Clause 6.5, any unpaid fees, costs and expenses and any other amount whatsoever relating to the refinancing and discharge of the Existmg Bonds.

"Reliance Assignment of Credit Rights" means the second priority assignments of

li

Credit Rights under each of the Project Contract (both, as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement) (to the extent permitted under the Project Contract), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Credit Rights as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Reliance Assignment of Insurances" means a second priority assignment of the Insurances (as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement) over the Floatel Reliance, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Insurances as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement.
"Reliance Assignment of M anagem ent Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Reliance Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Reliance (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Reliance Assignment of Project Contracts" means the second priority assignment of the rights of the Floatel Reliance Ltd. under the Project Contract (as defined in the Reliance Loan Agreement), including cure and step-in rights (to the extent permitted under such Project Contract), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Project Contact as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Reliance Loan Agreement" means the senior secured loan agreement dated 25 October 2010 for the Senior Facility in respect o f Floatel Reliance entered into between Floatel Reliance Ltd. as borrower, Floatel Reliance B.V. and the Issuer as guarantors, Natixis and Swedbank AB (publ) as mandated lead arranges, Natixis as agent and security trustee and the banks and financial institutions listed in Schedule 1 thereto as lenders;
"Reliance Mortgage" means a second priority mortgage and deed of covenant collateral thereto against Floatel Reliance in a Ship Registry in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, ranking after the first priority mortgage over Floatel Reliance granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Reliance Loan Agreement and always subject to the relevant Liter-Creditor Agreement.
"Retention Account" means an account denominated in USD in the name o f the Issuer, with an Acceptable Bank, to be blocked and pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Retention Account Pledge, and in which the bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Retention Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claim against the bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Issuer in the Retention Account.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial
12

Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.

"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 21.4.

"Security Covenant Defeasance" means as set out in Clause 22.2(a).

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing or creating the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means any security (including any guarantee) securing the obligations o f the Obligors under any Finance Document, including, but not limited to

From and including the Issue Date:

(a)

the Cash Escrow Account Pledge;

(b)

the Bonds Escrow Account Pledge;

From and including the Issue Date and thereafter:

(c)

the Intercompany Loan Pledges;

(d)

the Retention Account Pledge;

(e)

the Guarantees;

(f)

the Earning Account Pledges;

(g)

the Operating Account Pledges;

(h)

the Floating Charges;

(i)

the Share Charges;

(j)

the Superior Mortgage and the Reliance Mortgage;

(k)

the Assignment Agreements, save for the Victory Assignment of Earnings,

Victory Assignment of Insurances and Victory Assignment of Management

Contracts;

(l)

the Victory Assignment of Building Contract;

From and including the Victory Delivery Date and thereafter:

(m)

the Victory Mortgage;

(n)

the Victory Assignment of Earnings,

13

(o)

the Victory Assignment of Insurances,

(p)

the Victory Assigmnent of Management Contracts;

(q)

the Victory Assignment of Warranties;

subject to each second priority Security Interest in relation to the Existing Accommodation Units being subordinated to the prior ranking Security granted to the finance parties under each Senior Facility pursuant to each relevant Inter-Creditor Agreement, and limited to the following maximum amounts:

(a)

USD 75,000,000 in relation to Floatel Superior;

(b)

USD 50,000,000 in relation to Floatel Reliance; and

(c)

USD 150,000,000 in relation to Floatel Victory.

"Senior Facilities" means the existing and any future senior secured bank facilities obtained by a Group Company (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such bank facilities) to finance the Units (and any refinancing, amendments, restatements or replacements thereof), amended from time to time (as the case may be).

"Senior Facilities Cap" means as set out in Clause 16.19.

"Settlement Bonds" means the Existing Bonds which in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' acceptance of the Existing Bonds' Roll-Over shall be used as payment for the Temporary Bonds.

"Share Charges" means a second priority charge over all the shares in each Guarantor, granted by the Issuer (or a Guarantor, as the case may be), in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), ranking after the first priority share charges granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement, the Reliance Loan Agreement and the Victory Loan Agreement respectively and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreements.

"Ship Registry" means the ship registry of Bermuda or such other ship registry as approved by the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority o f the directors in the entity.

"Superior Assignment of Earnings" means a second priority assignment o f Earnings (as defined in the Superior Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.

14

"Superior Assignment of Employment Contracts" a second priority assignment of the rights under any employment contract relating to the Floatel Superior having a duration of more than thirteen months and of which an assignment is not prohibited by its terms (including back-to-back or other arrangements entered into between Floatel Superior or any affdiated company for- the purpose of making such Unit available to a third-party end-user) ranking after the first priority assignment of such employment contracts as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Superior Assignment of Insurances" means a second priority assignment of the Insurances (as defined in the Superior Loan Agreement) over Floatel Superior, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Insurances as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Superior Assignment of Management Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Superior Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Superior (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment o f such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Superior Assignment of Requisition Compensation" means the second priority assignment of Requisition Compensation (as defined in the Superior Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Requisition Compensation as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Superior Loan Agreement" means the senior secured term loan loan facility agreement dated 9 November 2007, as amended and restated on 24 April 2008 and further amended and restated on 7 September 2010, entered into between Floatel Superior Ltd. as borrower, Natixis and BTMU Capital Corporation as arrangers, Natixis as agent and security agent, Natixis and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch as swap providers, and the banks and financial institutions listed in Part III of Schedule 1 thereto as lenders, and which the Issuer has provided a separate guarantee in relation to.
"Superior M ortgage" means a second priority mortgage and deed of covenant collateral thereto against Floatel Superior in a Ship Registry in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, ranking after the first priority mortgage over Floatel Superior granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Superior Loan Agreement and always subject to the relevant Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Swingline Facility" means a facility for increased financial flexibility extended by lenders of the Senior Facility obtained by Floatel Victory Ltd. of up to USD 40,000,000. Such facility may be made available to Floatel Victory Ltd. (and to no other Group Company) only to the extent deemed necessary by the Senior Facility lenders during the term of such Senior Facility. The maximum principal amount to be incurred shall be
15

subject to quarterly step-ups of USD 10,000,000 per financial quarter from the Victory Delivery Date, and a maximum o f USD 40,000,000, always subject to compliance with the Senior Facilities Cap and that payment of interest and instalments are made in accordance with the original amoxtization schedule o f the Senior Facility.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"Tem porary Bonds" means Bonds settled by delivery o f Settlement Bonds (valued at par value), to be issued with a temporary ISIN in accordance with Clause 2.5, and to be merged with the Bonds with ISIN NO 001 0661328.2 in connection with final release fi`om the Cash Escrow Account as set out in Clauses 6.4 and 6.5.

"Total Assets" has the meaning as set out in Clause 15.1.

"Total Book Equity" has the meaning as set out in Clause 15.1.

"Total Loss" means, in relation to each Unit:

(a)

the actual, constructive, compromised, agreed, arranged or other total loss of a

Unit; and

(b)

any expropriation, confiscation, requisition or acquisition of a Unit, whether for

full consideration, a consideration less than its proper value, a nominal

consideration or without any consideration, which is effected by any

government or official authority or by any person or persons claiming to be or

to represent a governmental or official authority, excluding a requisition for hire

for a fixed period not exceeding one year without any right to extension.

"Total Loss Date" means:

(a)

in the case of an actual loss of a Unit, the date on which it occurred or, if that is

unknown, the date when the Unit was last heard of;

(b)

in the case of a constructive, compromised, agreed or arranged total loss of the

Unit, the earlier o f (i) the date on which a notice of the abandonment is given to

the insurers, and (ii) the date of any compromise, arrangement or agreement

made by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or a relevant Guarantor with the Unit's

insurers in which the insurers agree to treat the Unit as a total loss; and

(c)

in the case of any other type of total loss, on the date (or the most likely date) on

which it appears to the Bond Trustee that the event constituting the Total Loss

occurred.

"Unit" means an Existing Accommodation Unit or a New Accommodation Unit.

"Unit Insurances" means all the insurance policies and contracts of insurance including (without limitation) those entered into to comply with Clause 16.15 which are from time to time in place or taken out or entered into by or for die benefit of any Obligor (whether

16

in the sole name o f an Obligor or in the joint names o f the Obligors and any other person) in respect of the Existing Accommodation Units or otherwise in connection with the Existing Accommodation Units and all benefits thereunder (including claims of whatsoever nature and return of premiums).
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States o f America.
"Victory Assignment of Building Contract" means a first priority assignment o f the Victory Building Contract, related performance guarantees/performance bonds and warranties, until the Victory Delivery Date
"Victory Assignment of Earnings" means the second priority assignments of Earnings under each of the Operating Contracts (both as defined in the Victoiy Loan Agreement), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective InterCreditor Agreement.
"Victory Assignment of Insurances" means the second priority assignments of Insurances (as defined in the Victory Loan Agreement) over the Floatel Victory, ranking after the first priority assignment of such Earnings as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Victory Assignment of M anagement Agreements" means the second priority assignments of all the rights of Floatel Victory Ltd. under any Management Agreements related to Floatel Victory (to the extent legally permissible), ranking after the first priority assignment of such Management Agreements as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement. The assignment shall contain (to the extent legally permissible) direct cure and step-in rights and termination rights in case of default.
"Victory Assignment of W arranties" means the second priority assignment of Floatel Victoiy Ltd's rights under the builder's warranty pursuant to the Victory Building Contract effective as from the Victory Delivery Date, ranking after the first priority assignment of such warranties as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the respective Inter-Creditor Agreement.
"Victory Building Contract" means a building contract entered into on 10 June 2011 between the Issuer and the Builder and novated from the Issuer to Floatel Victory Ltd. on 20 September 2011.
"Victory Delivery Date" means the date on which title to and possession of Floatel Victory is transferred from the Builder to Floatel Victory Ltd. pursuant to the Victory Building Contract.
"Victory Loan Agreement" means the senior secured term loan facility agreement dated 12 July 2012 for the Senior Facility in respect of Floatel Victory entered into between Floatel Victory Ltd. as borrower, the Issuer as guarantor, ABN AMRO Bank B.V., Oslo
17

Branch and Swedbank AB (publ) as bookrunning mandated lead arrangers, HMG Bank N.V. and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as mandated lead arrangers, ABN AlMRO Bank N.V. as agent, and the banks and financial institutions listed hr Schedule 1 thereto as lenders.

"Victory Mortgage" means a second priority mortgage and deed of covenant collateral thereto against Floatel Victory in a Ship Registry in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as security for the Obligors' obligations under the Finance Documents, ranking after the first priority mortgage over Floatel Victory granted as Security for the relevant Obligors under the Victory Loan Agreement and always subject to the relevant Inter-Creditor Agreement.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement;

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any detenninations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of

directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity,

whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and

(g)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint

venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated

body o f persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or

not having separate legal personality).

2. THE BONDS
2.1 Binding nature of the Bond Agreement The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause

18

A,

V cu

22. 1.

2.2 Availability The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.3 The Bonds

(a)

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount of

USD 200,000,000 (U.S. Dollars two hundred million).

(b)

The Bonds will be in denominations of USD 1.00 each and, save as set out in

Clause 2.5 and save for the Bond Escrow Account Pledge, rank pari passu

between themselves.

(c)

The Bond Issue will be described as "8.00 per cent. Floatel International Ltd.

Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017".

(d)

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue

will be NO 001 066138.2.

(e)

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity

Date.

2.4 Purpose and utilization The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be used for:

(a)

funding of Floatel Victory construction;

(b)

refinancing of the Existing Bonds;

(c)

repayment shareholder loan(s) in the amount of approximately USD

19,000,000; and

(d)

general corporate purposes.

2.5 Tem porary Bonds

(a)

As part of the closing procedure, and until the establishment of the Security

Interests, some Bonds under the Bond Agreement will be issued as Temporary

Bonds. The Temporary Bonds will be allotted to those Bondholders having

exercised the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over and delivered Settlement Bonds.

(b)

The Temporary Bonds will carry a separate ISIN.

(c)

The Temporary Bonds will be merged with the ordinary Bonds pursuant to

Clause 6.8.

3. LISTING
An application will be made for the Bonds to be listed on Oslo Børs or Oslo ABM, within 6 months after the Issue Date.

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

-rA19

been discharged in full.

4. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES REGISTER
4.1 Registration The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register. Principal and interest accrued will be credited the bondholders through the Securities Register.

4.2 Notifications The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.

4.3 Issuer's Responsibility The Issuer is responsible for the implementation o f correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 US Securities Act The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or elsewhere other than in Norway under the Securities Register Act.

5. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS
5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6. ' CONDITIONS PRECEDENT AND SETTLEMENT
6.1 Conditions precedent --Issue Date Issuance of the Bonds and transfer of the net cash proceeds of the Bonds to the Cash Escrow Account and the Settlement Bonds to the Bonds Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement duly executed by die Issuer and the Bond Trustee;

(b)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions and any necessary consent

or waivers to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to be

20

delivered pursuant to this Clause 6.1;

(c)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of

the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar

documentation evidencing tire individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the

Issuer;

(d)

in respect of the Issuer and each Guarantor, certified copies o f (i) the Certificate

of Incorporation and/or other similar official document evidencing that it is

validly existing in its jurisdiction of incorporation and (ii) Articles of

Association;

(e)

the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(f)

confirmation from the Managers that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations or governmental approvals

required to issue the Bonds, and to granting the Cash Escrow Account Pledge

and the Bonds Escrow Account Pledge;

(h)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Register;

(i)

written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.20 (if required);

(j)

written confirmation confirming that no potential or actual Event o f Default

exists;

(k)

an irrevocable and unconditional payment instruction to the Bond Trustee and

the Paying Agent to pay from the Cash Escrow Account any fees and costs due

and owing related to the Bond Issue;

(l)

evidence that the building contract dated 17 August 2012 between Keppel FELS

Limited and the Issuer for the construction and sale of a KFELS DSS 20-NS-

DP3 semisubmersible accommodation unit (Rig 4 Building Contract) has been

entered into and has been novated to a Group Company not being an Obligor

with no recourse to any Obligor;

(m)

the agreement set forth in Clause 18.1, duly executed;

(n)

documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in

Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer

or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue

(o)

the Cash Escrow Account Pledge and the Bond Escrow Account Pledge duly

executed by all parties thereto, and all applicable notices, acknowledgements

and consents from the relevant banks required for such Security Interests to be

perfected;

O

21

M,

(p)

satisfactory evidence that the Additional Escrow Account Funds has been paid

into the Cash Escrow Account;

(q)

copies of the Victory Building Contract, any Employment Contracts and the

Management Agreements;

(r)

separate undertakings from Keppel and Oaktree that they shall not directly or

through any affiliated company or other related party buy into debt outstanding

under the Superior Loan Agreement, the Reliance Loan Agreement or the

Victory Loan Agreement or otherwise accede to such agreements; and

(s)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.

6.2 Settlement on the Issue Date --M anagers' confirmation On the Issue Date, and subject to the Bond Trustee's confirmation pursuant to Clause 6.7, the Managers shall make the following transfers:

(a)

the net cash proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Cash Escrow Account against

delivery of Bonds to the Bondholders having subscribed for Bonds against cash

contribution; and

(b)

the Settlement Bonds to the Bonds Escrow Account against delivery of

Temporary Bonds to the Bondholders having exercised the Existing

Bondholders' Roll-Over and delivered Settlement Bonds.

6.3 Conditions precedent --release from escrow The Issuer may:

(i) make the cash drawdown in accordance with Clause 6.4; and

(ii) make the payment of the Refinancing Amount in accordance with Clause 6.5,

provided that the Bond Trustee has received the following (the "Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent"), in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b)

evidence that Floatel Superior Ltd. has exercised the call option pursuant to the

Existing Bond Agreement in respect of the Existing Bonds not being Settlement

Bonds;

(c)

written confirmation that no potential or actual Event o f Default exists;

(d)

written confirmation that the amount to be released shall be applied in

accordance with the purpose o f the Bond Issue as set out in Clause 2.4;

(e)

satisfactoiy evidence that a bank facility having been committed by means of a

signed loan agreement in aggregate amount of no less than USD 200,000,000

for the purpose of financing Floatel Victory;

(f)

corporate documents and necessary corporate resolutions (including

22
/5 (

authorisations to relevant persons) o f the Issuer and the Guarantors (and any necessary consent or waivers (as the case may be)) to execute the Finance Documents (other than as set out in 6.1 (b) and (d));

(g)

evidence of all relevant Unit Insurances for Floatel Superior and Floatel

Reliance having been taken out;

(h)

the Bond Agreement duly executed by each Guarantor (in respect of the on-

demand guarantees);

(i)

the Security Documents, other than the security to be granted from the Victory

Delivery Date, duly executed and perfected;

(j)

the Inter-Creditor Agreements duly executed by all parties thereto; and

(k)

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required and in a form and

substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

6.4 Settlement - cash drawdown Subject to:

(i) the fulfilment of all conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.3;

(ii) the Settlement Bonds on the Bonds Escrow Account is discharged simultaneously; and

(iii) the Temporary Bonds are merged with the ordinary Bonds pursuant to Clause 6.8,

the net cash proceeds from the Bond Issue less the Refinancing Amount may be released from the Cash Escrow Account and applied as follows:

(a)

first, to fund the Retention Account with an amount corresponding to three

months' interest on the Bonds; and

(b)

thereafter, to a bank account in accordance with the Issuer's instructions.

6.5 Settlement - Refinancing Amount On the settlement date for the call option pursuant to the Existing Bond Agreement, and subject to the fulfilment of all conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.3, the Refinancing Amount shall be released from the Cash Escrow Account and shall be applied as follows:

(a)

repayment o f all Existing Bonds not being applied as Settlement Bonds or

discharged (including call premium and accrued but unpaid interest); and

(b)

payment of the call premium and accrued by unpaid interest in respect of the

Settlement Bonds up to the Issue Date,

provided that all Existing Bonds (including Settlement Bonds) are discharged no later than simultaneously with such payments, however always subject to the procedures of the Securities Register.

23

Any remaining balance on the Cash Escrow Account after the payments pursuant to Clauses 6.4 and 6.5 have been completed shall fall to the Issuer.
6.6 Waivers The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in this Clause 6.
6.7 Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent Settlement of the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that tire required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.8 Merger of Temporary Bonds and ordinary Bonds Upon release from the Cash Escrow Account pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Securities Register and Bond Trustee will take necessary steps to merge the Temporary Bonds with tire ordinary Bonds, whereupon all Bonds will have the same ISIN as the ordinary Bonds had prior to such merger. The aforesaid will be carried out in the best practical way for the Securities Register.
7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Obligor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).
7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into and perfonn, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment o f Tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by each Obligor of the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:
24

(a)

any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order;

(b)

its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or

(c)

any material document or agreement which is binding on it or any of its assets.

7.5 No Event of Default No Event o f Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination o f the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on it or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for it in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and hi full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for it to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of its knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.8 Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and the Quarterly Financial Report of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.

7.9 No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of tire Financial Statements, it had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or hr the notes thereto.

7.10 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the latest Quarterly Financial Report, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.11 No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.

7.12 Environmental compliance It is in all material respects in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law

25
1 Qa

or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.13 Intellectual property It has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trademarks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.

7.14 No withholdings It is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

7.15 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

7.16 Security No Security exists over any of its present assets in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.17 ISM Code and ISPS Code compliance All requirements of the ISM Code and the ISPS Code as they relate to the Obligors (or any o f its affiliated companies), the rig managers, the Employment Contract and the Units have been complied with.

7.18 The Existing Accommodation Units The Floatel Superior and the Floatel Reliance will on the Issue Date and the Floatel Victory will on the Victory Delivery Date be:

(a)

in the absolute ownership o f the respective rig owning Guarantors and the

respective rig owning Guarantors will be the sole, legal and beneficial owner of

such Units;

(b)

registered in the name of the respective rig owning Guarantors with the relevant

Ship Registry under the laws and flag applicable for the relevant Ship Registry;

(c)

operationally seaworthy in every way and fit for service; and

(d)

classed with Det norske Veritas and/or American Bureau of Shipping and/or

such other classification society as approved by the Bond Trustee, free of all

overdue requirements and other recommendations.

7.19 Repetition The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

7.20 Written statement The Bond Trustee may prior to settlement require a written statement from any Obligor

26

confirming compliance with Clause 7.

7.21 Indem nity In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8. STATUS OF TH E BONDS AND SECURITY
8.1 Status The Bonds shall be senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.

8.2 Security The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

8.3 Inter-creditor Agreement The Bond Trustee shall enter into the Inter-Creditor Agreements if so required by the relevant lenders o f the Senior Facilities related to the Exisiting Accommodation Units.

8.4 Quiet Enjoyment Letter The Bond Trustee shall issue a quiet enjoyment letter if so required by a charterer of an Existing Accommodation Unit under any Employment Contract, with a wording as reasonably requested by such charterer. The quiet enjoyment letter may only be issued if it provides for the Bond Trustee (subject to the terms and conditions of the Inter-Creditor Agreements) to (a) be capable of remedying insolvency and (b) to assign the Employment Contract to a nominee of the Bond Trustee being reasonably satisfactory to the charterer.

9. INTEREST
9.1 Interest rate The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 8.00 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest Paym ent Dates Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in January 2013.

9.3 Calculation of interest payments

(a)

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from,

and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following

applicable M erest Payment Date.

(b)

The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the

calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that

the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is

being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of

27

a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

(c)

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be

calculated as follows:

Interest

Face

Fixed

Fixed Rate Day

r=

x

X

Amount

Value

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

10.2 Call Option

(a)

The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part as follows (Call

Option):

(i) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2015 at a price equal to 106% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(ii) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in October 2016 at a price equal to 104% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(iii) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in October 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity date at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

(b)

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond

Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement

date o f the Call Option.

(c)

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the

procedures of the Securities Register).

(d)

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the

Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the

principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and

any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

(e)

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause shall be

28

discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change of control

(a)

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have

a right o f pre-payment (Put Option) of 100% of its holding of Bonds at a price

of 101% of par value (plus accrued interest of par value).

(b)

The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given

notification to the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification

shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has occurred.

(c)

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice

of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the

Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option

shall be 15 Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received

the repayment request.

(d)

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the

Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such

Bond (including the premium pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 10.3) and any

unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.4 Redemption --prior to the Victory Delivery Date

(a)

Upon a sale or other transfer, prior to the Victory Delivery Date, of:

(i) Floatel Superior or any part of the Issuer's 100% ownership in the Guarantor owning Floatel Superior, the Bonds shall be repaid at 110% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(ii) Floatel Reliance or any part of the Issuer's 100% ownership in the Guarantor owning Floatel Reliance, the Issuer shall make an offer to all Bondholders to redeem Bonds with an aggregate face value equal to the net proceeds from such sale or transfer (the purchase price for Floatel Reliance or shares in the Guarantor less payments pursuant to the relevant Senior Facility, fees, taxes, costs and expenses) at 110% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

(b)

Upon a Total Loss, prior to the Victory Delivery Date, of:

(i) Floatel Superior, the Bonds shall be repaid at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(ii) Floatel Reliance, the Issuer shall make an offer to all Bondholders to redeem Bonds with an aggregate face value equal to the net proceeds from any insurer and relating payments resulting from such Total Loss (less any payments pursuant to the relevant Senior Facility, fees, costs and expenses incurred in relation to such Total Loss), at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

(c)

In the event of redemption o f Bonds pursuant to paragraphs (a)(i) or (b)(i)

29

i

I

above:

(i) the Issuer shall upon the event triggering such redemption notify the Bondholders via the Securities Register, the Bond Trustee and the Exchange;

(ii) the redemption of Bonds shall be carried out by the Issuer:

(A) upon a sale or other disposal, on the day the upon which the sale or disposal is completed; or

(B) upon a Total Loss, 90 days after the Total Loss Date or such other date as may be agreed in writing by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders); and

(lii) the Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph (c) shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

(d)

Redemption of Bonds pursuant to paragraphs (a)(ii) or (b)(ii) above shall be

carried out as carried out as set forth in Clause 10.7.

10.5 Bondholders' put option - sale or disposal after the Victory Delivery Date Upon a sale or other disposal after the Victory Delivery Date of any Existing Accommodation Unit(s) or the company/-ies owning such Existing Accommodation Unit(s) the Issuer shall, on or as soon as practical after the day the proceeds from such sale or disposal are received by the relevant Group Company, make an offer to all Bondholders to redeem:

(a)

Bonds with an aggregate face value of USD 140,000,000 if related to Floatel

Superior;

(b)

Bonds with an aggregate face value of USD 100,000,000 if related to Floatel

Reliance; and

(c)

Bonds with an aggregate face value of USD 140,000,000 if related to Floatel

Victory,

at a price equalling the Call Option prices set out in Clause 10.2 (and if such an event occurs prior to the date falling 2 years after Issue Date the price shall be 110% of par plus accrued interest to the date of redemption), in each case determined based on the date the sale or disposal occurred and not based on the date the redemption is completed. Redemption pursuant to this Clause 10.5 shall be carried out as set forth in Clause 10.7.

10.6 Bondholders' put option --Total Loss Upon a Total Loss after the Victory Delivery Date of any Existing Accommodation Unit(s), the Issuer shall, on or as soon as practical after the day the insurance proceeds from such Total Loss are received by the relevant Group Company, make an offer to all Bondholders to redeem:

(a)

Bonds with an aggregate face value of USD 140,000,000 if related to Floatel

Superior;

30

(b)

Bonds with an aggregate face value of USD 100,000,000 if related to Floatel

Reliance; and

(c)

Bonds with an aggregate face value of USD 140,000,000 if related to Floatel

Victory,

at a price equal to 101% of par value plus accrued interest to the date o f redemption. Redemption pursuant to this Clause 10.6 shall be carried out as set forth in Clause 10.7.

10.7 Prepaym ent Offers

(a)

For the purpose of this Clause 10.7:

"Offer Amount" means the amount to be offered for redemption of Bonds by the Issuer pursuant to a Prepayment Offer.

"Offer Period" means the period in which the Prepayment Offer shall remain open, being at least 60 Business Days following its commencement, but not more than 90 Business Days, at the discretion of the Issuer.

"Prepaym ent Offer" means an offer by the Issuer pursuant to Clauses 10.4 (a)(ii) or (b)(ii)), 10.5 or 10.6.

(b)

As soon as possible and no later than 10 Business Days after the end of the

Offer Period, and where such Prepayment Offer has been accepted, the Issuer

shall apply the Offer Amount to redeem the Bonds as follows:

(i) if the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds tendered is less than the Offer Amount, the Issuer shall redeem all the Bonds tendered in response to tire Prepayment Offer; and

(ii) if the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds tendered is higher than the Offer Amount, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds tendered on a pro rata basis based on the number of Bonds tendered by each Bondholder,

however, always provided that the aggregate repayment to the Bondholders pursuant to one or more Prepayment Offers shall not in any case exceed 100% of a Bondholder's holding of Bonds.

(c)

Upon the commencement of a Prepayment Offer, the Issuer shall give notice

thereof to the Bondholders via the Securities Register, the Bond Trustee and the

Exchange, which notice shall specify:

(i) the Clause pursuant to which the Prepayment Offer is being made;

(ii) the Offer Period, Offer Amount, the redemption price and the settlement date;

(iii) that any Bond not tendered or accepted for payment shall continue to accrue interest;

(iv) that Bondholders shall not be entitled to withdraw Bonds already tendered; and

31

(v) that, if the aggregate principal amount of Bonds tendered by Bondholders exceeds the Offer Amount, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds tendered on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate principal amount of Bonds tendered (with such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the Issuer so that only Bonds in integral multiple of USD 1.00 shall be redeemed).

(d)

On the settlement date of the Prepayment Offer, the Issuer shall pay to each of

the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond,

the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and

any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

(e)

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.7 shall be

discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.8 Mandatory redemption - Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent not fulfilled In the event that the Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent are not satisfied for any reason on the first Interest Payment Date:

(a)

the funds held in the Cash Escrow Account shall be used to prepay the Bonds

issued for cash consideration in full at 101% of par value, plus accrued and

unpaid interest under the Bonds; and

(b)

the Settlement Bonds held in the Bond Escrow Account shall be returned to the

holders of Temporary Bonds, valued at par value and constituting final

repayment of the Temporary Bonds.

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 Covenant to pay

(a)

The Obligors will on any Payment Day (or any other due date pursuant to any

Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order o f the Bond Trustee

all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document

(b)

The covenant contained hi paragraph (a) above shall be for the benefit o f the

Bond Trustee and the Bondholders

11.2 Payment mechanics

(a)

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1 (a), the

Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement

or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by

each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities

Register.

(b)

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited

to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in

question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment

shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the

bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause

11.3.

32

(c)

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the any Obligor or

Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or

11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding

Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

(d)

Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this clause

11.2 shall constitute good discharge o f its obligations under Clause 11.1 (a).

11.3 Currency

(a)

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder

has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account

Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank

account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements

between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be

delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date o f the cash

settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall

accrue for the account of the Issuer.

(b)

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond

Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same

currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not

given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3(a), within 5 Business Days prior to a

Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to

the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the

Securities Register.

(c)

Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a

similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

(a)

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance

Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear

interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate

according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 %. The interest charged under this Clause 11.5

shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment

Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

(b)

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made,

whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to

Clauses 19.1 - 19.10, cf. Clause 19.11.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

33

13. GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
13.1 Guarantee and indemnity Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (other than as set out below), jointly and severally:

(a)

guarantees to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) as and for its

own debt and not merely as surety the due and punctual observance

performance by each of the Obligors o f all of their respective obligations under

the Finance Documents (the "G uaranteed Obligations");

(b)

undertakes with the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that whenever

an Obligor does not pay any amount when due under or in connection with the

Guaranteed Obligations, it shall immediately on demand (No:

"pakravsgaranti") pay that amount as if it was the principal obligor; and

(c)

indemnifies the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) immediately on

demand against any cost, loss or liability suffered by the Bond Trustee (on

behalf of the Bondholders) if any of tire Guaranteed Obligations is or becomes

unenforceable, invalid or illegal. The amount of the cost, loss or liability shall

be equal to the amount which the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders)

would otherwise have been entitled to recover. The amount payable by the

Guarantors under this indemnity shall in no event exceed the amount it would

have had to pay under this Clause 13 if the amount claimed had been

recoverable on the basis o f the guarantee granted pursuant hereto.

13.2 Continuing guarantee The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder (the "G uarantor Obligations") are continuing guarantee obligations and will extend to the ultimate balance of all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Finance Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.

13.3 Waivers Each Guarantor hereby waives:

(a)

any requirement that the Bond Trustee or any of the Bondholders in case of an

Event o f Default first have to make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies

against the Issuer;

(b)

any and all defences based on underlying relationships, agreements and

transactions whatsoever, including, without limitation, any such relationships,

agreements or transactions with any third party for security or otherwise, and

right to limit the liability under the guarantee provided hereunder resulting from

any failure to give notice of any kind;

(c)

any right to exercise right of subrogation into the rights of the Bondholders

under the Bond Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Bond

Trustee until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond

Agreement and any other Finance Document; and

34

(d)

any right to claim reimbursement from the Issuer and/or any other Obligor for

payment made hereunder until such time that no amounts are outstanding under

this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

13.4 Maximum liability The liability o f the respective Guarantors shall be limited to the following maximum amounts:

(a)

USD 75,000,000 in aggregate in respect of Floatel Superior Ltd. and any other

Subsidiary having entered into or entering into any charter party for the

employment of Floatel Superior;

(b)

USD 50,000,000 in aggregate in respect of Floatel Reliance Ltd. and any other

Subsidiary having entered into or entering into any charter party for the

employment of Floatel Reliance; and

(c)

150,000,000 in aggregate in respect of Floatel Victory Ltd. and any other

Subsidiary having entered into or entering into any charter party for the

employment of Floatel Victory.

13.5 Number of claims There is no limit on the number of claims that may be made by the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under this Agreement.

13.6 Survival of Guarantor's liability The Guarantors' liability to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under this Clause 13 shall not be discharged, unpaired or otherwise affected by reason of any of the following events or circumstances (regardless of whether any such events or circumstances occur with or without the Guarantors' knowledge or consent):

(a)

any time, waiver, consent, forbearance or other indulgence given or agreed by

the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) with the Issuer in respect of

any o f the Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents; or

(b)

any legal limitation, disability or incapacity of any of the Issuer related to the

Finance Documents; or

(c)

any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any Finance Document or any

terms contained therein;

(d)

any amendments to or variations (however fundamental and whether or not

more onerous) of the Finance Documents agreed by the Bond Trustee (on

behalf of the Bondholders) with the Issuer; or

(e)

the liquidation, bankruptcy or dissolution (or proceedings analogous thereto) of

the Issuer; or

(f)

any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defence available

to, or discharge of, each Guarantor.

13.7 Deferral of Guarantor's rights

35

rTM "

The Guarantors undertakes to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that as long as any of the Finance Documents is effective:

(a)

following receipt by it of a notice from the Bond Trustee of the occurrence of

any Event of Default which is unremedied, the Guarantors will not make

demand for or claim payment of any moneys due from the Issuer, or exercise

any other right or remedy to which each of them is entitled in respect of such

moneys unless and until all moneys owing or due and payable by the Issuer to

the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents

have been irrevocably paid in full;

(b)

if the Issuer shall become the subject of an insolvency proceeding or shall be

wound up or liquidated, the Guarantors shall not (unless so instructed by the

Bond Trustee and then only on condition that the guarantor holds the benefit of

any claim in such insolvency or liquidation to pay any amounts recovered

thereunder to the Bond Trustee) make any claim in such insolvency, winding-up

or liquidation until all moneys or due and payable by the Issuer to the Bond

Tmstee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents have been

irrevocably paid in full;

(c)

if the Guarantors, in breach of paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above receives or

recovers any money pursuant to any such exercise, claim or proof as therein

referred to, such money shall be held by the Guarantors in custody for the Bond

Tmstee and immediately be paid to the Bond Trustee so as for the Bond. Trustee

to apply the same as if they were moneys received or recovered by the Bond

Tmstee under this Agreement; and

(d)

the Guarantors has not taken nor will they take from the Issuer any Security

Interest whatsoever for the moneys hereby guaranteed.

13.8 Subordination Notwithstanding anything otherwise stated in this Guarantee, any claim herunder by the Bond Tmstee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be fully subordinated to the Superior Loan Agreement, the Reliance Loan Agreement and the Victory Loan Agreement respectively, meaning that each respective Guarantee granted by a Guarantor may not be honored before any and all liability and obligations under the respective Senior Facility related to that Guarantor has been irrevocably repaid in full, always subject to the terms of the relevant Inter-Creditor Agreement.

13.9 Enforcement The Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) shall not be obliged before taking steps to enforce this guarantee against any Guarantor:

(a)

to obtain judgment against any Obligor or any third party in any court or other

tribunal;

(b)

to make or file any claim in a bankruptcy or liquidation of any Obligor or any

third party; or

(c)

to take any action whatsoever against any Obligor or any third party under the

36

Finance Documents, except giving notice of payment of the relevant part of the amounts outstanding hereunder;
and each Guarantor hereby waives all such formalities or rights to which it would otherwise be entitled or which the Finance Parties would otherwise first be required to satisfy or fulfil before proceeding or making demand against any Guarantor hereunder, except as required hereunder or by mandatory law.
Without affecting the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) may take such action as they in their own discretion may consider appropriate against any other person or parties and securities to recover moneys due and payable in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations.
Any release, discharge or settlement between the Guarantors and the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or any of them in relation to this guarantee shall be conditional upon no right, security, disposition or payment to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) by the Obligors or any other person being void, set aside or ordered to be refunded pursuant to any enactment or law relating to breach of duty by any person, bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, protection from creditors generally or insolvency or for any reason. If any such right, security, disposition or payment is void or at any time so set aside or ordered to be refunded, the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) shall be entitled subsequently to enforce this guarantee against the Guarantors as if such release, discharge or settlement had not occurred and any such security, disposition or payment had not been made.
13.10 Additional security The This Guarantee is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other guarantee or security now or subsequently held by tire Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).
14. INFORMATION COVENANTS The Issuer has undertaken the information covenants in this Clause 14 to tire Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.
The covenants in this Clause 14 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.
14.1 Notification of default The Issuer shall without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event o f Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
14.2 Information: miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
37

(a)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the

Issuer agrees to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part of its assets or

operations, or change the nature of its business;

(b)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English (alternatively by arranging for

publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than

150 days after the end of the financial year;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Quarterly Financial Reports and make

them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging

for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later

than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(d)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(e)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de-mergers and

reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(f)

if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a

copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the;

(g)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

infonn the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(h)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business,

assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

14.3 Financial statements The Issuer shall without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports in the English language and deliver them to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year (for Financial Statements) and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter (for Quarterly Financial Reports) or, subject to listing of the Issuer, via the distribution system at such stock exchange and at the Issuer's website);

14.4 Progression reports The Issuer shall up to and including the month of the Victory Delivery Date, provide to the Bond Trustee quarterly updates on the progression of the construction of Floatel Victory, in a reporting form and content reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

14.5 Compliance certificate The Issuer shall:

(a)

in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements pursuant to Clause

14.2(b) and Quarterly Financial Report pursuant to Clause 14.2 (c), confirm

38

compliance with the covenants in Clauses 14, 15, 16 and 17; and

(b)

within 15 days after each Quarter Date, confirm compliance with the Senior

Facilities Cap as provided for in Clause 16.19,

in each case in writing undertaken in a compliance certificate from the Issuer to the Bond Trustee, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 and Attachment 2 hereto, respectively, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the noncompliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

15. FINANCIAL COVENANTS
15.1 Financial definitions In this Bond Agreement:

"New Shareholder Injections" means the aggregate amount subscribed for by any person (other than a member of the Group) for new shares in the Issuer or for shareholder loans provided to the Issuer.

"Reference Period" means

(a)

in respect of Financial Statements, each relevant financial year of the Issuer;

and

(b)

in respect of Quarterly Financial Reports, each relevant financial quarter of the

Issuer;

"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as in the Issuer's financial statements as the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.

"Total Book Equity" means the aggregate amount which in accordance with GAAP would be shown as in the Issuer's financial statements as the shareholders' equity in the Group on a consolidated basis.

15.2 Calculations

(a)

For the purpose of Clause 15, all calculations shall be conducted in accordance

with the terms defined in each of Clauses 1.1 and 15.1 and, to the extent not

inconsistent with those definitions, GAAP, and be based on the information

reported in the Company's consolidated Financial Statements and Quarterly

Reports (as the case may be) prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently

applied.

(b)

No item must be credited or deducted more than once in any calculation under

this Clause 15.

15.3 Financial covenants The Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a consolidated basis at all times maintains a ratio of Total Book Equity to Total Assets:

39

(a)

in respect of the financial quarter in which delivery of Floatel Victory takes

place and the first financial quarter thereafter, o f no less than 25%; and

(b)

in respect of any other Reference Period than set out in paragraph (a) above, of

no less than 30%.

The financial covenant in this Clause 15.3 shall apply at all times, by will (unless there is an potential Event of Default) be tested at each Quarter Date by delivery of the compliance certificate pursuant to Clause 14.5 (a) above.

15.4 Equity cure No breach of a financial covenant set out above will be considered to have occurred if a New Shareholder Injection is made within 30 days from the earlier of (i) the Issuer becoming aware of the failure to comply with any Financial Covenant and (ii) delivery of a compliance certificate evidencing such failure to comply, always provided that the relevant Financial Covenant would be complied with if tested for the same Reference Period on the basis that such New Shareholder Injection was deemed to have been made immediately prior to the relevant testing date.

16. GENERAL COVENANTS
Each relevant Parly has undertaken the general covenants in this Clause 16 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), as further stated below.

The covenants in this Clause 16 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

16.1 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.2 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.3 Continuation of business

(a)

The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.

40

(b)

The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or

scope o f the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond

Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.

16.4 Disposal of business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets, subsidiaries or operations to any person not being a member o f the Group, unless:

(a)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(b)

such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Certain disposals of business/assets shall, however, be allowed subject to mandatory redemption or the Bondholders' put option as set out in Clause 10.

16.5 Amendment o f constitutional documents The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, amend its constitutional documents in such a way that it would have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.6 Amendment of Project Documents The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Guarantor shall, in respect of any Project Document

(a)

amend, supplement, modify or give any waiver or consent under any Project

Document or exercise any material option thereunder except for amendments

not having any material negative impact on the value of any Existing

Accommodation Unit as contemplated pursuant to the Project Documents; or

(b)

agree to the cancellation or termination of any Project Document which would

otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.7 Assignment of Project Documents The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, agree to or permit the assignment o f any rights under tire Project Documents other than pursuant to the Finance Documents and/or the Senior Facilities.

16.8 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist Security over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the Security granted to secure any of the following:

(a)

the Bond Issue;

(b)

the Senior Facilities, however no

(i) 3rd ranking security,

(ii) any other security ranking behind any security documents for the Bonds,

41

!

or

(iii) cross-collateralization (including guarantees) by airy member of the Group,

shall be permitted in relation to the Senior Facilities for the Existing Accommodation Units;

(c)

any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy;

(d)

obligations incurred by any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business

(including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services

as part of the daily operations o f such Subsidiary);

(e)

any indebtedness incurred related to repair of damage or replacements being

covered under insurance;

(f)

any guarantee or recourse liability incurred by any Group Company in the

ordinary course of business to any financial institution or end-user of a Unit in

respect o f bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by

such financial institution or directly by the relevant Group Company to such

end-user as security for the performance of the Unit(s) or for any tenders for

employment of such Unit(s);

(g)

any lien arising by operation of law; and

(h)

obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (a) through (g) above) that in

total do not exceed USD 25,000,000 for the Group in aggregate,

provided that any Security provided in connection with a refinancing of the Bonds and/or the Existing Bonds where Security must be provided for technical reasons before the Bonds or the Existing Bonds (as the case may be) have been redeemed shall be permitted.

16.9 Financial indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than:

(a)

the Existing Bonds until it is refinanced/called with the proceeds from the Bond

Issue;

(b)

the Bond Issue;

(c)

the Senior Facilities;

(d)

(applicable for the Issuer only), senior unsecured debt (maturing at least six

months after the Maturity Date for the Bond Issue);

(e)

any intra-group loans granted by any member of the Group being subordinated

to the Bond Issue;

(f)

under any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;

42
CL-

^ T U I ^ C a T u u u '7: ? :

(g)

loans that are subordinated both in terms of payment of interest and repayment

and that mature after the Bonds;

(h)

obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business

(including collateral in comiection with credit purchases of goods and services);

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness incurred related to repair of damage or replacements

being covered under insurance;

(j)

any guarantee or recourse liability incurred by any Group Company in the

ordinary course of business to any financial institution or end-user of a Unit in

respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by

such financial institution or directly by the relevant Group Company to such

end-user as security for the performance of the Unit(s) or for any tenders for

employment of such Unit(s);

(k)

any Financial Support permitted pursuant to Clause 16.10;

(l)

liens or other security on assets acquired, or property of a company at the time

such company is acquired, by any member of the Group; provided that such

liens were in existence prior to the contemplation of such acquisition, were not

incurred in contemplation thereof and do not extend to any assets other than

those of the company acquired; and

(m)

obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by paragraphs (a) through (1)

above) that in total do not exceed USD 25,000,000 for the Group in aggregate.

16.10 Financial Support The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant or permit to subsist any Financial Support to or for the benefit o f any Group Company or any third party (not being a member o f the Group), other than:

(a)

in the ordinary course of its business;

(b)

in respect of the Bond issue;

(c)

existing at the Issue Date; and

(d)

any Financial Support made by the Issuer (only) in respect of any permitted

Financial Indebtedness under paragraph (c) of Clause 16.9, and

for the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any of the foregoing paragraphs (a) - (d) above permit any Financial Support to be made by any member of the Group in respect of a construction contract for a New Accommodation Unit which construction contract shall be entered into by a Group Company on a non-recourse basis.

16.11 Dividends and other distributions

(a)

The Issuer shall not for the financial years 2012 and 2013 declare or make any

dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of

shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total

return swaps related to shares in the Issuer and repayment o f shareholders

/ ' CU"

loans), or other distributions or transactions- implying a transfer o f value to its shareholders.

(b)

The Issuer may in respect of the full financial year 2014 and thereafter declare

or make dividend payments or such other distributions as referred to in

paragraph (a) above, provided that such distributions are limited to 50% o f the

profit of the Group and provided compliance with the Financial Covenants

herein.

(c)

Any un-utilized portion of tire permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not

be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.

16.12 Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer or such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

16.13 Miscellaneous positive covenants The Issuer shall:

(a)

do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document

remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on its respective priority, at the

expense of the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be);

(b)

enforce any rights that it has to ensure that the business of each Guarantor is, to

the best of its knowledge, at all times operated and maintained in accordance

with the Project Documents;

(c)

on the Victory Delivery Date, provide evidence of all Unit Insurances in respect

of Floatel Victory then relevant are being taken out;

(d)

on the Victory Delivery Date, provide a further Assignment of Insurances for

any remaining, relevant Unit Insurances;

(e)

on the Victory Delivery Date, provide certified copies of customary delivery

documents;

(f)

ensure that the transfer of title to Floatel Victory from the Builder to Floatel

Victory Ltd. takes place when required pursuant to the terms o f the Victory

Building Contract; and

(g)

procure that any payments under any Management Agreement related to the

Existing Accommodation Units (if applicable) are subordinated to the

obligations under the Finance Documents and shall procure that the charterer

will covenant to the Bond Trustee that, following an enforcement of the

Mortgage, it will, on demand, hand over all manuals and technical records in

44

r-

respect o f the Unit to the mortgagee.

16.14 Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims o f all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

16.15 Unit Insurances The Issuer shall, and shall procure drat each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its rigs, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice.

16.16 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all Group Companies will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

16.17 Guarantor coverage The Issuer shall procure that each Group Company (i) being the owner of any Existing Accommodation Unit and/or (ii) having entered into or entering into any Employment Contract in respect of any Existing Accommodation Unit remains a Guarantor under this Bond Agreement, and, in die event either (i) or (ii) becomes relevant for any additional Group Company, that such additional Group Company accedes to this Bond Agreement as an additional Guarantor.

16.18 Accounts The Issuer and each relevant Guarantor shall procure that:

(a)

all Existing Accommodation Unit Earnings shall be paid directly to an Earnings

Account;

(b)

no later than by first release from the Cash Escrow Account transfer an amount

equal to 3 months' interest on the Bonds to the Retention Account and shall

procure that an amount corresponding to minimum 3 months' interest on the

Bonds shall at all tunes be deposited in that account; and

(c)

the Bond Tmstee and the Paying Agent are irrevocably and unconditionally

instructed to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing

related to die Bond Issue as evidenced through invoice from the Managers using

the proceeds on the Cash Escrow Account, to the extent such fees and costs

have not been deducted on the Issue Date from the proceeds transferred to the

Cash Escrow Account.

16.19 Senior Facilities Cap The Issuer and each relevant Guarantor shall procure that the respective Senior Facilities for the Existing Accommodation Units shall be limited to the maximum principal

45
/! a

amounts as set out below (excluding interest, default interest, costs, expenses and liedging/swap liabilities related to such facilities), to be tested at each Quarter Date in accordance with Clause 14.5.

From (and including) To (and including) Floatel Reliance Floatel Superior Floatel Victory

1 October 2012 1 January 2013

31 December 2012 31 March 2013

USD 109,700,000 USD 170,600,000 USD 200,000,000 USD 105,600,000 USD 170,600,000 USD 200,000,000

1 April 2013

30 June 2013

USD 101,600,000 USD 162,500,000 USD 200,000,000

1 July 2013 1 October 2013

30 September 2013 USD 97,500,000 USD 162,500,000 USD 200,000,000 31 December 2013 USD 130,000,000 USD 175,000,000 USD 200,000,000

1 January 2014 1 April 2014 1 July 2014
1 October 2014 1 January 2015

31 March 2014

USD 130,000,000 USD 175,000,000 USD 200,000,000

30 June 2014

USD 130,000,000 USD 175,000,000 USD 200,000,000

30 September 2014 USD 130,000,000 USD 175,000,000 USD 194,700,000

31 December 2014 USD 115,000,000 USD 160,000,000 USD 189,500,000

31 March 2015

USD 115,000,000 USD 160,000,000 USD 184,200,000

1 April 2015 1 July 2015 1 October 2015 1 January 2016

30 June 2015 30 September 2015 31 December 2015
31 March 2016

USD 115,000,000 USD 160,000,000 USD 178,900,000 USD 115,000,000 USD 160,000,000 USD 173,700,000 USD 100,000,000 USD 145,000,000 USD 168,400,000 USD 100,000,000 USD 145,000,000 USD 163,200,000

1 April 2016 1 July 2016 1 October 2016 1 January 2017 1 April 2017

30 June 2016

USD 100,000,000 USD 145,000,000 USD 157,900,000

30 September 2016 USD 100,000,000 USD 145,000,000 USD 152,600,000

31 December 2016 USD 85,000,000 USD 130,000,000 USD 147,400,000

31 March 2017

USD 85,000,000 USD 130,000,000 USD 142,100,000

Maturity Date

USD 85,000,000 USD 130,000,000 USD 136,800,000

In the event that the Senior Facilities Cap applicable to Floatel Victoiy is exceeded due to utilisation of the Swingline Facility, the Senior Facilities Cap applicable for Floatel Superior or Floatel Reliance (in the Issuers option) shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount by which the Senior Facilities Cap applicable to Floatel Victory is exceeded due to utilisation of the Swingline Facility.
16.20 Financing of New Accommodation Units The Issue shall procure that all New Accommodation Units shall be financed in separate special purpose companies directly or indirectly owned by the Issuer without any restrictions on the Issuer to provide Financial Support for the financing of such New Accommodation Unit (subject always to compliance with the Financial Covenants), and such special purpose companies may inter alia provide first priority Security, and the Issuer may provide a first priority Security in its shares in the special purpose companies, to the lenders under the Senior Facilities financing such New Accommodation Units.
46

17. RIG COVENANTS
The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner of a Unit make the undertakings in this Clause 17 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders).

17.1 Insurance

(a)

The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner of a Unit shall ensure that the Units

and all relevant equipment are insured against such risks, including but not

limited to, hull and machinery, protection & indemnity (including maximum

cover for pollution liability as normally adopted by the industry for similar

accommodation units), hull interest, freight interest and war risk insurances,

andbuilders' all risk insurance as provided for in the Victoiy Building Contract,

and any other industry standard insurances and loss payable clauses of the Units

and equipment related thereto in accordance with the Norwegian Marine

Insurance Plan or on London terms or at least similar terms (in the reasonable

opinion of the Issuer), and in such amounts, as are consistent with prudent

business practice and with first class insurers acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b)

The insurable value of the Existing Accommodation Units (hull and machinery

(including hull interest and freight interest) and war risk) shall be no less than

120 per cent, o f the outstanding amount under the Bond Agreement.

(c)

The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner of a Unit shall procure that the

Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as second priority

mortgagee and loss payee in the insurance contracts, and shall make its best

efforts to procure confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee

thereof that the notice of assignment with regards to the insurances and the loss

payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of

undertaking are executed by the insurers.

(d)

Within reasonable time prior to the expiry date of the relevant insurances, the

Issuer and each Guarantor being owner of a Unit shall procure the delivery to

the Bond Trustee o f a certificate from the insurance broker(s) through whom the

insurances referred to in paragraph (a) above have been renewed and taken out

in respect of the Units with insurance values as required by paragraph (b), that

such insurances are in full force and effect and that the Bond Trustee (on behalf

o f the Bondholders) has been noted by the relevant insurers.

(e)

If any of the insurances referred to in paragraph (a) have been taken out on

conditions other than the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan of 1996, version

2007 (as amended from time to time) and/or fonn part of a fleet cover, the

Issuer and/or a Guarantor being owner of a Unit shall make its best efforts to

procure that the insurers undertake to the Bond Trustee that they shall neither

set-off against any claims in respect o f the Units any premiums due in respect of

other units under such fleet cover or any premiums due for other insurances, nor

cancel this insurance for reason of non-payment o f premiums for other units

under such fleet cover or of premiums for such other insurances, and shall issue

a separate policy in respect of each Unit.

47

a // k>

(f)

Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor being owner of a Unit will make any

material change to the insurances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above

if such change may have a Material Adverse Effect.

17.2 Flag and registry It shall not cause the flag, name or registry of the Units (including the respective Unit's class) to be changed, or register a Unit simultaneously hi more than one registry, without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders).

17.3 Inspections and class records

(a)

It shall, on behalf of the Bond Trustee, appoint a an independent rig inspector

acceptable to the Bond Trustee, and shall procure that any charterers permit, the

Bond Trustee and/or the independent rig inspector appointed by it on behalf of

the Bond Trustee upon request to inspect the Unit, without interference of the

daily operations of the relevant Unit at the Issuer's cost.

(b)

It shall provide confirmation of class and instruct the classification society to

send to the Bond Trustee, upon its reasonable request, copies of all class records

held by the classification society pin relation to a relevant Unit.

17.4 Rig operator

(a)

The technical and commercial management of the Existing Accommodation

Units (and any New Accommodation Unit owned by an Obligor) shall be

undertaken by the Issuer or a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, and no

Obligor shall, without prior written notice to the Bond Trustee, change the rig

manager and/or rig operator.

(b)

Each Obligor shall procure that the rig operator (including any successor(s))

operates the relevant Units in accordance with the industry standards (including

as described in Clause 17.5) and in compliance with the terms and conditions of

the Finance Documents.

17.5 Operation of the Units

(a)

Each Obligor shall comply, or procure the compliance in all material respects

with the laws or regulations relating to the Unit, its ownership, operation and

management or to the business of the relevant Obligors and shall not employ the

Unit nor allow its employment:

(i) in any manner contrary to law or regulation in any relevant jurisdiction including but not limited to the ISM Code (to the extent applicable); and

(ii) in the event of hostilities in any part of the world (whether war is declared or not), in any zone which is declared a war zone by any government or by the war risk insurers of the Unit unless the Issuer and/or relevant Guarantor has (at its expense) effected any special, additional or modified insurance cover which shall be necessary or customary for first class rig owners trading rigs within the territorial waters of such country at such tune and has provided evidence of such cover to the Bond Trustee.

(b)

Each Employment Contract shall be entered into with the relevant Guarantor.

48

17.6 Compliance with laws, treaties and conventions The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner o f a Unit shall ensure that the Units shall at all times comply with and be operated in conformity with all the laws and regulations, treaties and conventions from time to time applicable to the classification society, the Ship Registry, each Group Company or the Units in any jurisdiction where the Units may operate from time to time, including relevant acknowledgement of compliance or similar governmental or official acknowledgements or undertakings.

17.7 Classification and repairs The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner o f a Unit shall procure that the Units comply with relevant class requirements and are kept in a good, safe and efficient condition consistent with prudent ownership and industry standards.

17.8 Notification of certain events The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner o f a Unit shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee of:

(a)

any accident to the Units involving repairs where the costs will or is likely to

exceed USD 5,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency);

(b)

any requirement or recommendation made by any insurer or classification

society or by any competent authority which is not, or cannot be, immediately

complied with;

(c)

any exercise or purported exercise of any arrest or lien on the Units, its Existing

Accommodation Unit Earnings or the Unit Insurances;

(d)

any occurrence as a result of which a Unit has become or is, by the passing of

time or otherwise, likely to become a Total Loss; and

(e)

any claim for a material breach of the ISM Code (to the extent applicable) or the

ISPS Code being made against the Issuer, a Guarantor being the owner of a

Unit, the rig operator, the charterer or otherwise in connection with the Units.

17.9 Surveys The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner of a Unit shall submit to or cause die Units to be submitted to such periodic or other surveys as may be required for classification purposes and to ensure full compliance with regulations of the flag state of die Units and to supply or to cause to be supplied to the Bond Trustee copies of all survey reports and confirmations of class issued in respect thereof no later than 30 days after receipt of the relevant reports and/or confirmation.

17.10 Arrest The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner of a Unit shall procure, without undue delay, to pay and discharge:

(a)

all liabilities which give or may give rise to maritime or possessory liens on or

claims enforceable against the Units, the Existing Accommodation Unit

Earnings or the Unit Insurances;

49

(b)

all tolls, taxes, dues, fines, penalties and other amounts charged in respect of the

Units, the Existing Accommodation Unit Earnings or the Unit Insurances; and

(c)

all other outgoings whatsoever in respect of the Unit, the Existing

Accommodation Unit Earnings and the Unit Insurances,

and forthwith upon receiving a notice of arrest of a Unit, or its detention in exercise or purported exercise o f any lien or claim, the Issuer shall no later than 15 Business Days after receiving notice procure its release by providing bail or providing the provision of security or otherwise as the circumstances may require.

17.11 Ownership No Obligor being owner of a Unit shall sell or dispose of the respective Units or the companies holding such Units, or the Victory Building Contract, in whole or in part, unless the Bonds are redeemed in accordance with the mandatory redemption provisions at set out Clause 10.4 or the Bondholders are given opportunity to exercise the put option in Clause 10.5 (as applicable).

17.12 Environm ental compliance The Issuer and each Guarantor being owner o f a Unit shall and shall procure that the charterer shall, comply in all respects with all applicable law, regulation, convention or treaty in any jurisdiction in which the Issuer and/or any relevant Guarantor and/or any rig operator and/or any charterer conduct business which relates to the relevant Unit and the pollution or protection of the environment or to the carriage of material which is capable of polluting the environment relevant to the relevant Unit, including without limitation, requirements relating to manning and establishment of financial responsibility and to obtain and comply with all approvals applicable to the relevant Unit.

18. FEES AND EXPENSES
18.1 Costs and expenses The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and tire registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer (or any Guarantor (if any) or any other person), irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

18.2 Bond Trustee fee agreement The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

18.3 Issuer's insolvency etc. Fees costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) which,

50

due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders, hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

18.4 Public fees Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

18.5 W ithholding tax

(a)

The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by

applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

(b)

If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any

payment under any Finance Document:

(i) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(ii) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

19. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:

19.1 Non-payment Any of the Obligors fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full, within 5 Business Days following the original due date.

19.2 Breach of other obligations Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within 15 Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, such 15 Business Days' remedy period shall not apply in respect of Clause 15.4.

19.3 Cross default Any Financial Indebtedness of the Group falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) below exceeds the below stated thresholds, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies:

(a)

any Financial Indebtedness exceeding USD 10,000,000 is not paid when due

51

nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(b)

any Financial Indebtedness exceeding USD 10,000,000 is declared to be or

otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of

an event of default (however described);

(c)

any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness exceeding USD 10,000,000 is

cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however

described); or

(d)

any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness exceeding

USD 10,000,000 due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an

event of default (however described);

unless such default event (however described) triggering a potential cross default is capable of remedy and is remedied within 15 Business Days o f such default event occurring.

19.4 Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

19.5 Insolvency

(a)

Any Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of

its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(b)

The value of the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities

(taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(c)

A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the

Group.

19.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for any Group Company any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(a)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme o f arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or

reorganisation;

(b)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor,

having an adverse effect on the Obligors' ability to perform its payment

obligations hereunder;

(c)

the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation),

receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other

52

similar officer of any of its assets; or

(d)

a resolution is taken in order for it to be dissolved; or

(e)

a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or

subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its

assets.

19.7 Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

19.8 Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company which could, if adversely determined, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

19.9 Charterer's default or insolvency

(a)

Any non-payment of charter rate or other default by a charterer (including intra

group charterers) under any Employment Contract of an Existing

Accommodation Unit, unless such default or non-payment is not remedied

within 60 days; or

(b)

Any charterer (including intra-group charterers) under any Employment

Contract of an Existing Accommodation Unit, or its parent company (for as

long as it is a guarantor for any of the charterer's obligations under the

Employment Contract), is declared insolvent by a competent authority.

19.10 Material adverse effect Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

19.11 Acceleration

(a)

In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 19.1 --

19.10 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the

interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued

interest, costs, and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take

;

every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding

Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any

other Finance Document.

(b)

hi the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 19.1 --

19.10 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding

Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due

for payment if:

(i) die Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds,

53

and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or

(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (i) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause (ii) above.

(c)

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clause 19.11(a)

or (b) declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the

Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding

payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding

Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and

the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause

10. 2 .

(d)

In case partial payments of any amount pursuant to this Bond Agreement, such

payments shall first be allocated to pay the Bond Trustee for incurred fees, and

thereafter to settle any other outstanding amounts under the Finance

Documents. In case the Issuer does not pay the Bond Trustee the accumulated

fees, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to seek funding for such fees from the

Bondholders or, if failing them, from other sources. In such case the providers

of such funding shall have the right o f subrogation into the position o f the Bond

Trustee but be subordinated any further expenses and fees of the Bond Trustee.

20. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
20.1 A uthority of the Bondholders' M eeting The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 21.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

20.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

(a)

A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(i) the Issuer;

(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

54
o

(b)

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request

for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and

shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

(c)

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10

Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party

may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

(d)

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10

Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a

confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all

Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The

notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

(e)

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond

Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those

requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the

main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the

number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until

the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

(g)

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the

procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be

adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

(h)

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond

Tmstee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise

decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the

Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a

Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders'

Meeting.

(i)

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the

numbers o f Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting,

the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes

shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the

Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee

and shall be available to the Bondholders.

(j)

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -

representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders'

Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless

the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a

representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an

advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the

Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

(k)

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

55

The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

20.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

(a)

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each

Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the

Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the

Securities Register. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other

evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall

adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's

Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

(b)

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall

be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided

that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant

Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by

such Bondholder.

(c)

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to

demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the

deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

(d)

hi order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be

represented at the meeting, see however Clause 20.4. Even if less than half (1/2)

of die Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held

and voting completed.

(e)

Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented

at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 20.3(f).

(f)

A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'

Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond

Agreement.

(g)

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(h)

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders'

Meeting are properly implemented, however the Bond Trustee may refuse to

carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other

Finance Document) or any applicable law.

(i)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions

passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

20.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

(a)

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause

20.3(d), a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the

56

same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

(b)

A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even

though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

21. TH E BOND TRUSTEE

21.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

(a)

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations

under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are

relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely

and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the

Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer),

arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the

measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not

obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set

out in this Bond Agreement.

(b)

The Bond Trustee may take any step in it in its sole discretion considers

necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters

pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice

from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion

postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the

Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to

ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual

knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to

assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

(c)

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning

this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and

waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond

Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the

Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

(d)

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in

circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 21.1(c) provided that prior

notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a

proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such

notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding

for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest

against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline

may not be less than 5 Business Days following the dispatch of such

notification.

(e)

The Bond Trustee may not reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1 (c)

and (d) to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation

mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended

57

meaning.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(g)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f decisions

made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to this Clause 21.1 unless such notice

obviously is unnecessary.

(h)

The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the

Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 20.2(e).

(i)

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several

bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional

parties.

(j)

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower

denomination in order to facilitate partly redemptions or restructuring of the

Bonds or other situations.

21.2 Liability and indemnity

(a)

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the

Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee

in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such

liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.3. The Bond

Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders

on behalf of the Issuer.

(b)

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of,

all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of

negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers,

employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms

of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses

incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Tmstee's actions based on

misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and

perfonnance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents.

(c)

The Bond Tmstee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the

Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause

19.11 (b)(i) or 20.2(a)(ii), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any

possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders

who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision

to instinct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put

forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond

Trustee takes any action.

21.3 Change of Bond Trustee

(a)

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out

in Clause 20. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

(b)

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer

pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 17, but may be recovered wholly or

partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond

Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other

circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

(c)

The Bond Tiustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee

receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the

documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out

under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

21.4 Appointment of Security Agent

(a)

The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

(b)

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be detennined

by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and

the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any

Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at

the discretion of the Bond Tiustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at

all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

If so desired by die Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be

amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of die

relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in

connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the

account o f the Issuer.

22. MISCELLANEOUS
22.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

59

rn is--

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and and/or

represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any

legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any

Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the

Securities Register; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning

that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

22.2 Defeasance

(a)

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations

discharged (see Clause 22.2(b)) upon complying with the following conditions

("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(i) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon an exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any tune during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(iii) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

60

(iv) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others; and

(v) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) airy valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

(b)

Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 22.2(a):

(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clauses 14, 15, 16 and 17, except Clauses 14.1, 14.2(d), 14.2(g), 14.2(h) and 14.2(i) or otherwise agreed;

(ii) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(iii) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(iv) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(v) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (i) - (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

(c)

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge

61

<\J>

shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

22.3 Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

22.4 Access to information

(a)

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from

the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation

to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly

stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy o f this Bond

Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully

discharged.

(b)

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under

this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of

reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

22.5 Amendments All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

22.6 Notices, contact information

(a)

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond

Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the

Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata

only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made

as follows;

(i) if by letter via the Securities Register, when sent from the Securities Register; and

(ii) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

(b)

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond

Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond

Tmstee and the Exchange.

(c)

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications

under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee

and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax.

Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as

62

follows:

(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii) if by e-mail, when received; or

(iii) if by telefax, when received.

(d)

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept

informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax

numbers and contact persons

(e)

When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following

shall apply (unless otherwise stated);

(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day o f such month.

(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date

22.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

(a)

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this

Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor,

shall, subject to paragraph (b) below, be governed by Norwegian law.

(b)

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between

the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph

(c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District

Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

(c)

This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the

Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a

dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the

Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

22.8 Process Agent The Obligors shall, prior to the Disbursement Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the puipose of serving a writ o f summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Agreement.
*****

63

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Floate! International Ltd. Issuer

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Bond Trustee

(;name in block letters)
(Position) (Date)
Floatel Superior Ltd. Guarantor

(;name in block letters)
(Position) (Date)
Floatel Reliance Ltd. Guarantor

(iname in block letters)
(Position) (Date)

(name in block letters) (Position) (Date)

64

o

Floatel Victory Ltd. Guarantor
(name in block letters) (Position) (Date)
Floatel Reliance B.V. Guarantor
(jname in block letters)
(Position) (Date)

Floatel Superior B.V. Guarantor
(name in block letters) (Position) (Date)

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE - FINANCIAL COVENANTS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 4 7 22 87 94 10
E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Floatel International Ltd. Bond Agreement 2012/2017 - ISIN NO 001 066138.2

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a compliance certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes a compliance certificate in relation to Clause 14.5 (a) for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 14.5 (a) we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change

which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer

since the date of the last accounts or the last compliance certificate submitted to you;

2.

the covenants set out in Clauses 14, 15, 16 and 17 are satisfied;

3.

no default is continuing;

4.

with respect to the financial covenant in Clause 15.3, the Total Book Equity to Total

Assets is [ ]%;

Copies o f our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Floatel International Ltd.

Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]

66

Attachment 2

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE - SENIOR FACILITIES CAP

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10
E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Floatel International Ltd. Bond Agreement 2012/2017 - ISIN NO 001 066138.2

We refer to die Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a compliance certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes a compliance certificate in relation to Clause 14.5 (b) for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 14.5 (b) we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and diere has been no change

which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer

smce the date of the last accounts or the last compliance certificate submitted to you;

2.

no default is continuing;

3. with respect to the Senior Facilities Cap levels referred to in Clause 16.19, we hereby confirm:

a. the outstanding principal amount under the Senior Facility relating to Floatel Superior is USD [ ];

b. the outstanding principal amount under the Senior Facility relating to Floatel Reliance is USD [ ]

c. the outstanding principal amount under the Senior Facility relating to Floatel Victory is USD [ ]

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Floatel International Ltd.

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]
67

Attachment 3
RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA RO. Box 1470 Vika N -0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date] Dear Sirs, Floatel International Ltd. Bond Agreement 2012/2017 - ISIN NO 001 066138.2 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between inter alia Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to make the following drawings from the Cash Escrow Account to tire below accounts and request you to instruct the bank(s) to release such funds: 1. to the Retention Account (account no. [ ]), an amount o f USD [ ] 2. to our bank account (account no. [ ]), an amount of USD [ ] We hereby confirm that the drawings will applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement and in compliance with the requirements for a drawdown set out in Clause 6. Furthermore, we hereby represent and warrant that no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default.
Yours faithfully, Floatel International Ltd.
[Name o f authorizedperson]
68
O

