ISM NO 001 059350.2 ISM NO 001 059351.0

BOND AGREEMENT

between

Eitzen M aritime Services ASA (Issuer)

and

Norsk Tillitsmamn ASA (Bond Trustee)

on behalf of

the Bondholders

in the bond issue

Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue



2010/2015

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 11 12 12 12 13 14 17 17 19 2024 22 22 26 27 29 32 34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 22 December 2010 between
(1) Eitzen Maritime AServices ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 969031140 as issuer (the "Issu er"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Assets" means any current substantial assets owned by tire Issuer and the Guarantors and including the Real Estates.
"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference R ate" means 3 months NIBOR.
"B ondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Bay" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Bay Convention" means, in respect of the Fixed Rate Tranche, that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is

(L /

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments o f interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o f Business Day), and in respect o f tire FRN Tranche, that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business D ay Convention).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means (on a consolidated basis) the Group's balance sheet positions booked as cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Credit Facility" means a new credit facility o f maximum USD 5 million.
The Bond Trustee shall in connection with the establishment of such additional facility be authorized on behalf o f the Bondholders to take all necessary steps and do all tilings and acts necessary to:
(i) subordinate an amount o f USD 10 million related to the Security Interests providing 1st priority Security for the Credit Facility;
(ii) enter into a customary co-ordination agreement with the lender(s) under the Credit Facility; and
(iii) any additional security given to the credit facility shall also be granted the Bond Issue
The Credit Facility shall be granted by a reputable bank acceptable to tile Bond Trustee.
"EBITDA" means, for any Relevant Period, the Group's reported consolidated EBITDA.
"Encum brance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's assets less the Group's liabilities (on a consolidated basis) in accordance with IFRS.
"Equity Issue" means an issue of 243,750,000 new Shares according to the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer which was held 13 December 2010.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any documents executed in relation to the granting o f any Security Interest to the Bond Trustee, and (v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) die amount of any liability in respect o f any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be heated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

die acquisition cost o f any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value o f the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any otiier instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions, which is heated as indebtedness under

GAAP; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss o f any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"F irst Priority Bond L oan" means "FRN Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010" with ISIN N00010397532.

"Fixed Rate Tranche" means the part of the Bond Issue where the Bonds accrue interest based on a fixed rate. The tranche is identified by ISIN N0001059350.2.

"FRN Tranche" means the part of the Bond Issue where the Bonds accrue interest based on a floating rate. The tranche is identified by ISIN N00010059351.0.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Gearing Ratio" means means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt divided by the aggregate o f Equity and Subordinated Debt.

"G roup" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "G roup Com pany" means the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries.

"G uarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee from the Guarantors on a joint and several basis securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.

"Guarantors" means

- EMS Ship Supply (Spain) S.A., a limited liability

company incorporated and existing under the laws of Spain with company registration

number A-08277345

- Seven Seas Shipchandlers L.L.C., a limited liability

company incorporated and existing under the laws of

the United Arab Emirates, Dubai with license

number 216353

- EMS Ship Supply (Norway) AS,

- a limited liability company incorporated in and

existing under the laws of Norway, with company

registration number 875 889 222

- EMS Ship Supply (Singapore) Pte Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Singapore with company registration number 199106151N
- EMS Ship Supply (NL) B.Y. a limited liability company incorporated and existing under Dutch laws with company registration number 24113961
- Seven Seas Djibouti FZE (Djibouti), a limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws o f Djibouti with license number 0027

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

- Seven Seas Marine Services LLC (Fujairah) a

company incorporated and existing under the laws of

the United Arab Emirates, Fujairah, with license

number 11351

.

each a "G uarantor".

"In terest A ccrual Date" means 19 November 2010.

"Interest Paym ent Date" means 19 February, 19 May, 19 August and 19 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"IS M " means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 23 December 2010.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom die Issuer has decisive influence.

"M anager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.

"M argin" means 10.00 percentage points per annum subject to adjustments as specified in Clause 9.6

"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations o f the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Security Documents.

"M aterial Subsidiaiy" means:

(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated assets o f the Group, or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % o f the total consolidated net sales o f the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiaiy which immediately prior to the transfer was a Material Subsidiaiy or (B) sufficient assets o f the Issuer that such Subsidiaiy would have been a Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,

always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiaiy shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets o f the Group (as the case may be).

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"M aturity B ate" means 19 November 2015 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in tills Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregated book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's gross interest bearing debt in accordance with IFRS less the Group's aggregated holdings on consolidated basis of Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"NIBQR" means that the rate for an interest period will be die rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as o f 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if die Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option. .
"NIBOR Reference R ate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis o f the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Tiustee, at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans hi Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency ofNoiway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Old 400 Million Bond" means the two bond loans "FRN Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012" with ISIN N00010538127 and " 13.15% Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012" with ISIN N00010538119 together.
"O utstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Q uarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts o f the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Real Estates" means warehouses, offices and employee accommodations owned by any Group Company. The existing Real Estate on Issue Date is;
- warehouse and employee accommodation in Dubai Investment Park, Dubai, United Arab Emirates,
- warehouse in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates - warehouse in Djibouti - warehouse in Algeciras, Spain
"Relevant Period" means each period o f twelve (12) months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means any document establishing, recording, confirming or preserving any security interest over any Security Interest relating to any Finance Document.
"Security Interests" means the Guarantee and any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations o f the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited to:
(i) 2, priority pledge over all shares in all Guarantors, (the "Share Pledge") (ii) 2. priority pledge over all earnings accounts (the "Account Pledge"), except earnings accounts related to the existing credit facilities in Dubai (iii) 2. priority assignment o f intra-group loans between the Issuer and the Guarantors (the "In tra G roup Loan Assignments") (iv) 2 priority pledge o f the operating assets (No.driftstilbehørspant) of the Issuer to be registered w ith the Norwegian Register o f Mortgaged Moveable Properties (No. Løsøreregistéref) (the "Pledge over O perating Assets"),

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(v)

2. priority charge o f inventory (No. varelagerpanf),(the "C harge of

Inventory")

The securities set out in (iv) and (v) will only be established to the extent this is i) feasible by reasonable means and (ii) does not incur disproportionate costs or burdens on the Issuer. If the securities in (iv) and (v) are not provided, the Issuer shall ensure that same shall not be provided as security for any other debt incurred by any Group Company. In addition, any additional security given to the Credit Facility shall also be granted the Bond Issue.

The Security Interest are subject a carve-out as described in the definition of Credit Facility.

"Shares" means fully paid ordinary shares of the Issuer, with par value NOK 0.25, currently listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange including such ordinary shares o f the Issuer which shall be issued following the Equity Issue.

"Subordinated B ebt" means debt subordinated to senior debt on consolidated basis o f the Group booked according to IFRS.

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority o f the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"USB" means US Dollars, being the legal currency o f the United States o f America.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a tune is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies o f an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in talcing transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and tire other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 394,584,860 (Norwegian kroner three hundred and ninety four million five hundred and eighty four thousand eight hundred and sixty) by the FRN Tranche in the amount of NOK 98,646,215 (Norwegian kroner ninety eight million six hundred and forty six thousand two hundred and fifteen) and the Fixed Rate Tranche in the amount of NOK 295,938,645 (Norwegian kroner two hundred and ninety five million nine hundred and thirty eight thousand six hundred and forty five).

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 1.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2010/2015".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 059350.2 for the Fixed Rate Tranche and NO 001 059351.0 for the FRN Tranche.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

fix

NorsU Tillitsmann ASA

2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds o f the Bonds shall be employed for refinancing o f the Old 400 Million Bond.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f tire notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and tire Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

S

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Transfer restrictions

5.1.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.1, the Bonds are finely transferable and may be pledged.

5.1.2

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

CL--

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.2.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder who has purchased the Bonds in violation of mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent and Condition Subsequent

6.1 Disbursement o f the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies o f all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Bond Agreement;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for them execution o f the Bond Agreement, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles o f Association of the Issuer;
(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 o f the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) die agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
(1c) documentation on die granting of autiiority to the Bond Trustee as set out hi Clause 2.land copies o f any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l) proof that the Equity Issue is registered in the Norwegian Enterprise Register;
(m) proof that the Issuer's currency and interest hedging arrangements with DnB NOR andNordea is cancelled and fully settled; and

Norsk TilUtsmann ASA

(n) a statement from the Issuer which declare a commitment from the Issuer to repay the USD 13.6 million sellers credit related to Seven Seas.
6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer by instructing the Paying Agent and the Securities Register to discharge the Old 400 Million Bond, except for the part of the Old 400 Million Bond which will be converted into Shares as part o f the Equity Issue.
6.5 The Issuer shall as soon as practical possible, but in no event later than 14 January 2011, deliver to the Bond Trustee the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to die Bond Trustee:
(a) certified copies of all necessary coiporate resolutions to issue the Guarantees and execute the Finance Documents;
(b) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for then execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;
(c) certified copies o f (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the relevant security providers;
(d) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment o f the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to die Bond Trustee; and
(e) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee.

7

Representations and W arranties

7.1 Any Obligor represents and warrants to die Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entty into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer o f the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any o f its assets.
(e) No Event o fDefault No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for die Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to cany on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material -- Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date of the Financial Statements, die Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since die date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(Ic) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to die subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pail passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exist over any o f the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors (except item (p) - if not stated otherwise under Clause 13) and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7.3 Hie Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a m itten statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term o f the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests.

9

Interest

9.1 --9.5 and 9.12 are applicable to the Fixed R ate Tranche
9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Interest Accrual Date at a fixed rate of 13.15 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
However, the Fixed Rate is subject to possible reduction based on N et Interest Bearing Debt ("NIBB") to EBITDA ratio in the following manner. (i) f f NIBD/EBITDA is greater than 3.75, no reduction (ii) If NIBD/EBITDA is less than 3.75, but greater than 3.00 - reduction o f 2.0% p.a. (iii) If NIBD/EBITDA is less than 3.00 - a reduction o f 4.0% p.a.
Any such reduction of the Fixed Rate shall only be effective in the period from and including the first Interest Payment Date following the relevant actual reporting, which leads to a Fixed Rate reduction, and to the first Interest Payment date thereafter. For the avoidance o f doubt - any Fixed Rate reduction are only made with effect for one interest period (3 months) at a time.
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 19 February 2011.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one M erest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect o f the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number o f days to be

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

calculated on the basis of a year o f 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day o f the month of February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

X

Fixed

Rate

X

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.6 - 9.12 are applicable to the Floating Rate Tranche
9.6 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Interest Accrual Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating R ate"). ").
However, the Floating Rate is subject to possible reduction based on N et Interest Bearing Debt ("NXBB") to EBITDA ratio in the following manner. (i) If NIBD/EBITDA is greater than 3.75, no reduction (ii) If NIBD/EBITDA is less than 3.75, but greater than 3.00 - reduction o f 2.0% p.a. (iii) If NIBD/EBITDA is less than 3.00 - a reduction o f 4.0% p.a.
Any such reduction o f the Floating Rate shall only be effective in the period horn and including the first Interest Payment Date following the relevant actual reporting, which leads to a Floating Rate reduction, and to the first Interest Payment date thereafter. For the avoidance o f doubt - any Floating Rate reduction are only made with effect for one interest period (3 months) at a time.
9.7 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in February 2011.
9.8 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.9 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.
9.10 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.
When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest

Cv\ -

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.11 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Floating

x

Floating Rate

Rate

Day Count Fraction

9.12 All payments, until the Fixed Rate Tranche is equal to NOK 300,000,000 and the FRN Tranche is equal to NOK 100,000,000, o f interest shall be settled by way of issuing additional Bonds ("Payment-in-Kind"). The number of additional Bonds so issued on the relevant Interest Payment Date(s) shall be calculated based on the total number of Bonds outstanding at each such Interest Payment Date, and any additional Bonds so issued shall rank pari passu with the Bonds already issued under this Loan Agreement. On the Interest Payment date on which the two tranches reach NOK 300,000,000 and NOK 100,000,000 respectively, interest shall be settled partially by Payment-in-ICind and partially in cash in such fractions that the Outstanding Bonds under the Fixed Rate Tranche equals NOK 300,000,000 and the Outstanding Bonds under the FRN Tranche equals NOK 100,000,000 on that relevant Interest Payment Date.

10 M aturity off the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in installments as follows:

Payment Date Interest Payment Date in February 2013 Interest Payment Date in May 2013 Interest Payment Date in August 2013 Interest Payment Date in November 2013 Interest Payment Date in February 2014 Interest Payment Date in May 2014 Interest Payment Date in August 2014 Interest Payment Date in November 2014 Interest Payment Date in February 2015 Interest Payment Date in May 2015 Interest Payment Date in August 2015 Maturity Date


Amount NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 NOK 12,000,000 the Outstanding Bonds

Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository), and redeemed at par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) at any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 100 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, provided that the First Priority Bond Loan have been, or on the same date as the settlement date o f the call of the Bond Issue are to be, redeemed in full,

(ii) at any time from Issue Date to, but not included, the Maturity Date at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, if the First Priority Bond Loan have not been redeemed in full,

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to tire Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least twenty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.
t
10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures o f the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Mandatory redemption
If any Real Estates owned by the Group on the Issue Date, are sold, the Issuer shall use 100 % of the consideration to redeem Outstanding Bonds including call premium and accrued interests. The Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at price according to the Issuer's call schedule described in clause 10.2.1. A mandatory redemption is only applicable if the First Priority Bond Loan is redeemed in full.

If any other assets owned by a Group Company are sold with a consideration greater than NOK 25 million the Issuer shall use 100 % of the consideration to redeem the Bonds. The Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at price according to the Issuer's call schedule described in clause 10.2.1. A mandatory redemption is only applicable if the Fust Priority Bond Loan is redeemed in full.

11

Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics
11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in
. connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.1.2 Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered
· to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOIC, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOIC bank account registered with the Bondholders account hr the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 h i the event that payment o f interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points,

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct die any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issu er's acquisition o f Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by die Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in tiiis Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date o f this Bond Agreement and until such time diat no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed hi writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent o f such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee o f any Event o f Default as well as o f any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least annually and Quarterly Financial Reports quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;
(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance o f the Issuer's Bonds;

Q-A

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications o f the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to caixy out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection w ith the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event o f non compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any othercompanies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee o f any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries
shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless
(i) the transaction is carried out at fan-market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect
and always subject to Clause 10.3.1.
(f) Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, incur any other Financial Indebtedness debt than the following: 1. All existing facilities or replacements thereof; 2. A USD 13 million credit facility related to the Dubai operation; 3. Performance guarantees and similar facilities under the ordinary course of
business; and 4. the Credit Facility.
The Issuer shall not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, incur or maintain any credits, guarantees, mdemnities, capital leases and other arrangements with commercial effect of borrowing secured by any lien or pledge, other than (i) arising by operation o f law or in the ordinary course o f hading (e.g. security in relation to customs duty, rental agreements, agreements concerning purchase of supplies or goods in the course of trading), or (ii) capitalized lease obligations incurred in connection with leases of trucks, racks and other minor assets of the Group.
(g) Financial arrangements The Issuer shall not, and ensure that no member of the Group shall, make any financial arrangements concerning any assets (or its employments etc) which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under this Bond Agreement.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 o f the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part o f the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent o f the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in arms' length transaction with a third party.

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect o f Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 o f the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(c) Ownership to Material Subsidiaries The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.

(d) Subsidiaries' distributions The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any o f its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement.

(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction o f organization.

(f) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).

(g) Litigations

The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee

such relevant details of any:

.

(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been

or might be stalled by or against any Group Company; and

(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a

Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
13.5 Preservation o f equity, Security Interests and Financial Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payments or other distributions or loans to its shareholders - whether in cash or in kind - including without limitation repurchase of shares any total return swaps or instruments with similar effect and reductions in its share capital or equity (but always distributions of bonus shares not affecting its equity) except for a buy-back and cancellation o f 34.196.276 shares as settlement for the ship management transaction announced by the Issuer in a stock exchange notice 2 July 2010.
(b) Equity The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains Equity of NOK 350 million or more.
(c) Liquidity The Issuer shall ensure that die Group maintains unpledged liquidity o f minimum USD 3 million.
(d) Gearing ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Gearing Ratio o f 2.25 or less.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in die Securities Register.

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between die Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees hi connection with the Bonds and the Finance

Documents. Any public fees levied on the hade of Bonds in the secondary market

shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation,

and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Tiustee.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

V

Norslc Tillitsmann ASA

15

Events of Default

'

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any o f the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of D efault") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five --Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary, the aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof hi other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency If for the any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme o f arrangement or otheiwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

<v

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor,

having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment

obligations hereunder,

.

(iii) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets,

(f) Creditors 'process Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion o f the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.

(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect o f the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.

(!1) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligors to fulfil or perform any of the terms o f the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company or any Obligor which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is lilcely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under die Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more o f tire circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders5Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactoiy security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders ' meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders ' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

QX

Norsk Tillitsmann ÅSA

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 5 - five Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Tiustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chainnan shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular- matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3.1 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder holding bonds in the FRN Tranche shall have one vote for each Voting Bond owned, and Bondholders holding bonds in the Fixed Rate Tranche shall have one vote for each Voting Bond owned, for both

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

based on the number o f Voting Bonds owned at close of business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders5Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 hr all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of die Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 hi the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;
(b) transfer o f rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

Norsk TilJifsmann ASA

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone talcing action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch o f such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Tinstee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by die Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to die terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or odrer institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, winch the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor

CU

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so deshed by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between. Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise then individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the

OX

Norsk Tillitsmiinn ASA
payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment o f the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent o f defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate fiom its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting 'creditors rights generally under tire laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by die Issuer o f its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from then obligations under all provisions hr Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause die value of the Security Interest created by diis Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from then1obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otheiwise required;

(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered hi the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

ay

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by tire Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place o f receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

*****

'

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

By: A'Ma-u

Position:

C<

Attachment 1

Norslc Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norslc Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Eitzen M aritime Services ASA Senior Secured Callable Bond Issne 2010/2015 - ISIN NO 001 059350.2 and NO 001059351.0

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. all relevant Security Interest is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement;
4. in accordance with Clause 13.5(b), the Equity as o f [date] is NOK [amount];
5. in accordance with Clause 13.5(cc), the unpledged liquidity as of [date] is USD [amount]; and
6. in accordance with Clause 13.5(d), the Gearing Ratio as of [date] is [percentage].
With reference to Clauses 9.1 and 9.6 we hereby certify that:
1. the NEBD to EBITDA ratio as of [date] is [percentage]; and

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
2. the Fixed Rate and the Floating Rate for the following interest period from [month and year] to [month and year] shall be reduced with [percentage points] % p.a.
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed. Yours faithfully, Eitzen Maritime Services ASA
Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
Qy

