Execution version
ISIN NO 0010715246
BOND AGREEMENT between
Brødrene Greger AS (Issuer) and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue 10.8 per cent Brødrene Greger AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019
L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Truslee ASA
3 10 11 11 11 12 12 14 15 15 17 19 19 24 25 28 31 33

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

3/42

THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN ENTERED INTO ON 30 SEPTEMBER 2014 BETWEEN:

(1) BRØDRENE GREGER AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 980 181 103 and registered address at 8064 Røst, Norway, as issuer (the "Issuer"); and

(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Bridge Loan" means a bride loan in the amount up to NOK 45,000,000 for which the Issuer is the borrower and documented under a bridge loan agreement dated on or about 4 February 2014.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the Payment Date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest and/or principal (as the case may be) will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

4/42
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if any person or entity other than Brødrene Greger Invest AS (directly or indirectly) acquires more than 50% of the shares issued by the Issuer, by way of purchase of existing shares or subscription of new shares or otheiwise.
"Charge over Inventory" means a first priority charge over the inventory (Norw.: varelagerpant) in favour of the Bond Trustee as charge (on behalf of the Bondholders) and to be issued by John Greger AS in the amount o f NOK 90,000,000.
"Charges over Machinery and Plant" means first priority charges over machinery and plant (Norw.: driftstilbehørspant) in favour of the Bond Trustee as chargee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and to be issued by each of the Issuer and the Subsidiary Security Providers, each in the amount of NOK 90,000,000.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority o f the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members o f the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1.
"Disbursement Date" means the date when all conditions precedent documents set out in Part I (Conditions precedent to Issue Date) and Part II (Conditions precedent to Disbursement Date) o f Attachment 3 (Conditions precedent documents) have been delivered, and the balance on the Escrow Account is released to the Issuer.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of any relevant period, the consolidated operating profit for the Group for that period before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
LJ355744JV1 29.09.14 506376-001

5/42

"Exchange" means a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, on which the Bonds may be listed.

"Face Value" means the denomination o f each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Factoring Agreement" means a factoring agreement which will be ranking behind the Råfisklaget Security, entered into between the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) and John Greger AS in the amount of NOK 90,000,000.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of

bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect o f any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale

or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

6/42
"Financial Support" means granting of or permitting to subsist any loan, making of any investment or contribution, giving of any guarantees or otherwise voluntary assuming of any financial liability, whether actual or contingent.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustri AS" means Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustri AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 974 343 746 and registered address at 8064 Rost, Norway.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means, in respect of any relevant period, the ratio of EBITDA plus net interest cost to net interest cost for that period (measured on twelve months' rolling consolidated basis).
"Interest Payment Date" means 31 January, 30 April, 31 July and 31 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account and a balance sheet.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 3 October 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Issuer Share Pledge" means a first priority share pledge over 100% of the shares issued by the Issuer in favour of the Bond Trustee as pledgee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and to be granted by each of the Shareholders in an amount of NOK 90,000,000 each.
"John Greger AS" means John Greger AS a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 952 151 800 and registered address at 8064 Rost, Norway.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, being Solmunde & Partners ASA.
L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

7/42

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

"Maturity Date" means 30 September 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Mortgages" means first priority mortgages in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), each in the amount of NOK 90,000,000 in respect of each o f the following properties in Rost municipality, each property owned by either the Issuer or Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustri AS:

(a)

land no. 2, title no.7;

(b) land no. 2, title no.26;

(c)

land no. 2, title no. 54;

(d)

land no. 4, title no. 2;

(e)

land no. 4, title no. 5;

(f)

land no. 5, title no. 8, leasehold no. 3;

(g) land no. 5, title no. 9;

(h) land no. 5, title no. 21;

(i)

land no. 5, title no. 23;

(j)

land no. 5, title no. 28;

(k) land no. 5, title no. 30;

(l)

land no. 5, title no. 33;

(m) land no. 5, title no. 43;

(n) land no. 5, title no. 47;

(o)

land no. 5, title no. 71;

(p) land no. 5, title no. 102;

(q) land no. 5, title no. 117; and

(r)

land no. 7, title no. 5.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

8/42
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Råfisklaget Guarantee" means a guarantee, currently in the amount of NOK 8,520,000 issued by DNB Bank ASA on behalf of John Greger AS in favour of Norges Råfisklag as security for John Greger AS' obligations under the Råfisklaget Line o f Credit. The Råfisklaget Guarantee may vaiy on the basis o f the availability of fish in the market and seasonal changes, and the Råfisklaget Gurantee amount may be increased to an amount up to NOK 10,000,000.
"Råfisklaget Line of Credit" means the line of credit made available by Norges Råfisklag to John Greger AS in connection with the purchasing system of Norges Råfisklag, currently in the amount of NOK 17,040,000. The amount available under the Råfisklaget Line of Credit may vary due to availability of fish in the market and seasonal changes. The Råfisklaget Line of Credit may be increased up to NOK 20,000, 000.
"Råfisklaget Security" means the security provided by the Issuer and John Greger AS in the form of (i) a cash deposit, as of the date of this Bond Agreement in the amount of NOK 6,000,000 and which is deposited on a separate bank account with DNB Bank ASA, such bank account being blocked and pledged in favour of DNB Bank ASA, and (ii) two first priority factoring agreements (Norw.: factoringpanf) entered into between John Greger AS and DNB Bank ASA in a total amount of NOK 27.000. 000.
The amount of the cash deposit may be increased to an amount up to NOK 8.000. 000.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Noiway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means:
(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;
L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

9/42

(b) each Mortgage;

(c) each Charge over Machinery and Plant;

(d) each Charge over Inventory;

(e) the Issuer Share Pledge;

(f)

the Subsidiary Share Pledge; and

(g) the Factoring Agreement.

"Shareholders" means:

(a) Brødrene Greger Invest AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 980 181 103 and registered address at 8064 Røst, Norway; and

(a) Ekrem Invest AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 989 163 744 and registered address at 8064 Røst, Norway.

"Spin-off Transaction" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph (e) of Clause 13.3.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Subsidiary Security Providers" means:

(a) John Greger AS; and

(b) Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustri AS.

"Subsidiary Share Pledge" means the first priority share pledges over 100% of the shares in each of the Subsidiary Security Providers in favour of the Bond Trustee as pledgee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and to be granted by the Issuer, each in an amount of NOK 90,000,000.

"Unsecured Facility" means an unsecured bridge loan in an amount up to NOK 7,000,000 for which the Issuer is the borrower and documented under a bridge loan agreement dated on or about 4 April 2014.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Working Capital" means the sum of (i) cash, (ii) receivables and (iii) inventory, less (iv) payables (Norw.: leverandørgjeld) (measured on a consolidated basis).

1.2

Const)`uction

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

10/42

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or

regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement

2.1.1

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue aseries of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 80,000,000] (Norwegian kroner eighty million).

The Face Value is NOK 10,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as " 10.8 per cent Brødrene Greger AS Senior Secured Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 0010715246.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

11/42

2.3 Purpose and utilization

The proceeds of the Bonds shall be used to:

(a) refinance the Bridge Loan and the Unsecured Facility plus incurred interests on the Bridge Loan and the Unsecured Facility;

(b) transaction costs accrued and incurred in conjunction with the Bond Issue; and

(c) finance investments in increased production capacity and a strengthened market position as well as general corporate purposes,

as follows:

R epaym ent Bridge Loan, incl. interest Repaym ent Unsecured Facility, incl. interest Transaction costs

N O K 49,500,000

:

N O K 7,700,000

N O K 11,300,000 - 13,000,000

Released to the Issuer

NOK 1,500,000-9,800,000

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

12/42

be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Settlement

6.1.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed in Pail I (Conditions precedent to Issue Date) of Attachment 3 (Conditions precedent), in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date.

6.1.2

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.1.3

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Pre-Disbursement

6.2.1

The disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer is subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents set out in Part II {Conditions precedent to Disbursement Date) of Attachment 3 {Conditions precedent documents) in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date. Upon satisfaction of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall release the entire balance on the Escrow Account to the Issuer.

6.3 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1 and 6.2.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:
(a) Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction o f incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

13/42

(b) Power and authority
It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order, (ii) its constitutional documents or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e) No Event o fDefault

(i)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f)

Authorizations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to cany on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

14/42

(g) Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l)

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m) Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on the Disbursement Date.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be seemed by the Security Interest.

L_5355744_VI 29.09.14 506376-001

15/42

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 10.8 per cent, (ten point eigth%) per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 31 October 2014.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from, and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day o f the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed Rate

x

Fixed

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10

Maturity of theBonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part with settlement at any time horn and including (Call Option):
(a) the date falling one (1) year after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 2 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 104% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);
(b) the date falling two (2) years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 3 years after the Issue Date at a price equal to 102.5% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

16/42

(c) the date falling three (3) years after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100% of par (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis o f the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date o f the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the 60 calendar days exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory redemption

10.4.1

If and to the extent the entire part of net proceeds from the Bond Issue has not been disbursed from the Escrow Account to the Issuer within one month (the "Redemption Trigger Date") after the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price of 100% of par plus accrued interest within 30 days after Redemption Trigger Date. The Bond Trustee shall, at the request of the Issuer, release the balance on the Escrow Account to the Paying Agent or to an account with the Paying Agent for the purpose of redeeming the Bonds.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

17/42

10.4.2

On the settlement date of the mandatory redemption under this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.5 Any partial redemption of Bonds under this Clause 10 must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures o f the Securities Depository).

11 Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

18/42

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1(a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.6 Partial payments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

19/42

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in

writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could

reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event

which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata). as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(I) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

20/42

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depositoiy (however, the Bond

trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository

or the Paying Agent directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confnmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities, except for a merger between the Issuer and Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustrier AS, provided that the Issuer is the surviving entity.

(c) De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the coiporate structure, general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.

(e) Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or the Group's assets, Subsidiaries or operations, unless:

L 535S744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

21/42

(i)

the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall have the right to dispose of some or part of the properties owned by Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustri AS by way o f sale or otherwise at fair market value (a "Spin-off Transaction"), and such Spin-off Transaction can be in the form of a sale of properties or in the form of the sale o f shares. If the Spin-off Transaction will be in the form of a sale of shares, the Issuer shall be entitled to de-merge Hjalmar Ekrem Fiskeindustri AS in order to transfer the properties that will be subject to a Spin-off Transaction to a separate company. If the Issuer enters into a Spin off Transaction, the Bond Trustee shall (at the cost of the Issuer) release the Security of the assets subject to a Spin-off Transaction (including, but not limited to shares, properties and inventory).

(D Arm 's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the Issuer of such Group Company, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction and for fair market value at the time.

(g) Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

(h) Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4 Special covenants

(a) Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in land, repurchase of shares, provide loans or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer and repayment of shareholders loans), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders, unless the Working Capital is in excess of NOK 10,000,000 and the Interest Coverage Ratio is higher than 2.0 immediately before and after the distribution.

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

22/42

(b) Subsidiaries 'borrowings and distributions
The Issuer shall not permit any Group Company to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Group Company to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) service any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, or (iii) make any loans to the Issuer, unless (i) the effect of such contractual obligation is of an amount less than NOK 10,000,000 and (ii) any such restriction is included in a Finance Document.

(c) Financial support
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall give any Financial Support to or for the benefit of any Group Company or any third party (not being a member of the Group), other than:

(i)

in the ordinary course of its business,

(ii) in respect of any obligations, financial indebtedness or security permitted pursuant to paragraphs (d) or (e) below; and

(iii) any subordinated loans within the Group.

(d) Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than Security granted to secure any of the following:

(i)

the Bond Issue;

(ii) the Råfisklaget Security;

(iii) the existing security granted to Nordic Trustee ASA as security agent under the Bridge Loan, provided that such security shall be released on or about the Disbursement Date;

(iv) obligations permitted pursuant to paragraph (e) below;

(v) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Group with the relevant bank in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances on bank accounts of any of the relevant members of the Group;

(vi) obligations incurred by any o f its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary);

(vii) any lien arising by operation of law;

(viii) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (a) through (g) above) that do not exceed NOK 10,000,000 for the Group in aggregate; and

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

23/42

(ix) obligations related to a refinancing of the Bonds and where the Security, for technical reasons, must be provided before the Bonds have been redeemed.

If the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries grant any Security permitted pursuant hereto, the Bond Trustee may not require an inter-creditor agreement to entered into in connection therewith.

As set out below in paragraph (e), the Issuer is entitled to refinance the Råfisklaget Line of Credit with any other financial institution(s). In case of such refinancing, the Bond Trustee shall consent to the Issuer re-issuing security in favour of such new financial institution as replacement for the Råfisklaget Security and on equal priority.

(e) Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness (including guarantees), other than Financial Indebtedness:

(i)

incurred under or in relation to the Bond Issue;

(ii) incurred under or in relation to the Råfisklaget Line of Credit (including any refinancing thereof with any other financial institution(s);

(iii) incurred under or in relation to the Råfisklaget Guarantee;

(iv) incurred under or in relation to any subordinated loans within the Group;

(v) incurred under or in relation to any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy;

(vi) incurred under or in relation to loans to the Issuer that are subordinated both in terms of payment of interest and repayment and that mature after the Bond Issue;

(vii) incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services);

(viii) related to repair of damage or replacements being covered under insurances;

(ix) in the form of any guarantee or recourse liability incurred by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business;

(x) being Financial Support permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) above; and

(xi) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (x) above) that in total do not exceed NOK 10,000,000 for the Group in aggregate.

(f)

Insurances

The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, funds or underwriters adequate insurance or captive arrangements with respect to its assets, equipment and business against such liabilities, casualties and contingencies and of such types and

L J355744 V1 29.09.14 506376-001

24/42

in such amounts as are consistent with prudent business practice in the Group's industry.

Financial covenants

The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer with each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement on the respective reporting date. All Financial Covenants shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group during the term o f the Bond Issue:

(a) Minimum Working Capital The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a positive Working Capital.

(b) Interest Coverage Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group on a quarterly basis maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio equal to or higher than:

(i)

for 2014: 1.0

(ii) for 2015: 1.5

(iii) for 2016: 1.5

(iv) for 2017: 2.0

(v) for 2018: 2.0

(vi) for 2019: 2.0

The Interest Coverage Ratio shall be measured quarterly on rolling 12 months' basis, first time 31 December 2014.

For the avoidance of doubt, success fees incurred in 2014 shall be considered as financial costs when measuring EBITDA.

If the calculated EBITDA for the Group is not sufficient to meet this covenant, the Issuer and/or any Group Company shall be entitled to provide cash security in an amount equal to the lowest of (i) the difference between the reported EBITDA and the EBITDA that would have been needed to be in compliance with this covenant and (ii) the next Interest Payment. The cash security shall be in place until the Group's EBITDA is again sufficient to meet the covenant at which point the cash security shall be released.

Fees and expenses

The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

25/42
registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depositoiy. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Document.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 Events of Default
15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:
L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

26/42

(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c)

Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness exceeding NOK 10,000,000 is not paid when

due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness exceeding NOK 10,000,000 is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness exceeding NOK 10,000,000 is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness exceeding NOK 10,000,000 due and payable prior to itsspecified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(e) Insolvency

(i)

A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall

due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.

(ii) The value of the assets of any Group Company is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(f)

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

If, for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

27/42

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any o f its assets;

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.

(g) Creditors'process
Any Group Company has any o f its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (c) above.

(h) Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i)

Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

28/42

111 either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders 'Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders *meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4 The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

29/42

Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 1Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-00]

30/42

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for the following matters:

(a) any amendments of the terms of the Bond Agreement relating to Interest and Interest Payments, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

(b) any release of a Security Interest or a material amendment to a Security Document (unless otherwise described in this Term Sheet, including but not limited to release of Security Interests in connection with a Spin-off Transaction);

(c) the transfer of rights and obligations under the Bond Agreement to another issuer; or

(d) change o f the Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders5Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

31/42

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put foiward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

32/42

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties

L_535S744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

33/42

pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of then respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all time's retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o fBondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 S06376-001

34/42

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i)

the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Bond Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate

that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of

preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the

intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of

the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond

L_5355744_VI 29.09.14 506376-001

35/42

Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a)

the Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in

Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise

agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c)

any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the

Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as

otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e)

all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall

remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

L_5355744_V1 29.09.14 506376-001

36/42

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depositoiy with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 505376-001

37/42

not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day o f such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from talcing proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

L 5355744 V I 29.09.14 506376-001

38/42

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@nordicti-ustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

10.8 PER CENT BRØDRENDE GREGER AS SENIOR SECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 0010715246

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;

4. in accordance with paragraph (a) of Clause 13.5, the Working Capital as of [date] is [·]; and

5. in accordance with paragraph (b) of Clause 13.5, the Interest Coverage as of [date] is [·].

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Brødrene Greger AS

Name o f authorizedperson

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

39/42
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]
L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

40/42

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@nordictmstee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

10.8 PER CENT BRØDRENDE GREGER AS SENIOR SECURED BOND ISSUE 2014/2019 - ISIN 0010715246

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still tme and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Brødrene Greger AS

Name o f authorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

L 5355744 V I 29.09.14 506376-001

41/42
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS PARTI
(Conditions precedent to Issue Date)

Attachment 3

(a) This Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer, the Subsidiary Security Providers and the Shareholders (and any necessary consent or waivers (as the case may be)) to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer, the Subsidiary Security Providers and the Shareholders to the relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf o f the Issuer, the Subsidiaries and the Shareholders;

(d) in respect of the Issuer, the Subsidiaiy Security Providers and the Shareholders, upto-date extracts from the trade register, the deeds of incorporation (evidencing that it is validly registered and existing) and the articles of association;

(e)

audited financial statements/reports for 2013 (annual) and interim financial reports

for the first quarter 2014 for the Issuer (on an unconsolidated and consolidated

basis);

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive

(2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

0)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made

public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for the Issuer, the Shareholders and the Subsidiary Security Providers and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents); and

(l)

establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including

relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

42/42

PART II

(Conditions precedent to Disbursement Date)

(a)

A duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b) written confirmation that no potential or actual Event of Default exists and confirmation of the representation and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement;

(c)

written confirmation that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance

with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

(d) all Security Documents duly executed and perfected;

(e)

confirmation from the relevant insurers confirming that the Bond Trustee is co

insured under each of the insurance policies taken out in relation to the Properties;

(f)

a general subordination agreement to be entered into between the Issuer, the

Shareholders and the Subsidiaries under which all parties to the agreement agree that

any claims between the parties shall be subordinated to the Bonds, so that neither

principal nor interests under such claims may be repaid or paid until the Bonds have

been repaid in full; and

(g) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required and in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

L 5355744 VI 29.09.14 506376-001

