ISIN NO 0010624240
BOND AGREEMENT between
Spectrum ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee)
---------- ----------------------- on behalf o f -------------------------------the Bondholders in the bond issue
5 per cent Spectrum ASA Subordinated Convertible Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity o f the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitemann ASA
3 7 8 8 9 9 10 12 12 13 14 15 15 18 18 20 23 25

2

V

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This agreement has been entered into on or about T4 September 2011 between
(1) Spectrum ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 992 470 763 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
Interpretation
D efinitions In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause): "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register. "Attachment"'means any attachments to this Bond Agreement. "Bid for Shares" means that a binding bid is made for 100 % o f the shares in the Issuer. "Bid for Shares Conversion Date" means a date being ten (10) Business Days after the expiry o f the Bid for Shares Conversion Period. "Bid for Shares Conversion Period" means the fifteen (15) Business Days period following the Issuer's notification o f a Bid for Shares. "Bid for Shares Conversion Price" shall have the meaning given in Clause 10.3. "Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties in accordance with this Bond Agreement. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16. "Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the penöd^nd_däte"öccurs~ön ä day that is not a Business Day, ah d ifsuch date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"CGGV" means Compagnie Generate de Göophysique - Veritas SA and CGG Veritas Services (UK) Limited.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Delisting o f Shares" means that the Shares are delisted from Oslo Axess.
"Delisting Conversion Date" means a date being ten (10) Business Days after the expiry o f the Delisting Conversion Period.
"Delisting Conversion Period" means the fifteen (15) Business Days period following the Issuer's notification o f a Delisting of Shares.
"Delisting Conversion Price" shall have the meaning given in Clause 10.3.
"Disbursement D ate" means 6 October 2011
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way o f security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds arc listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of: (a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit; (b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
4

Norsk Tillttsmaitn ASA

(c) the amount o f any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, "in"accordance with- GAAP," b^ treated aslT financedrcapital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f) the acquisition cost o f any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method o f raising finance or financing the acquisition o f that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value o f the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect o f a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss o f any person in respect o f any o f the items referred to

--------- in( a)-through (i) above.--------------

----------- -----------

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements o f the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries.

"Interest Payment Date" interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on 6 April and 6 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 6 October 2011.

5

V

Norsk TlDitsmann ASA
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has "decisive influence over the'I^ef,"orany^jafly or parties Over "whoffTthe"Issuer has decisive influence.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Maturity Date" means 6 October 2014 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number o f Bonds not redeemed, converted into Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf o f the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest.
"Prospectus" means the prospectus issued by the Issuer in respect of a MNOK 124 (approx.) share issue and this Bond Issue.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as o f each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments o f 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Shares" means the shares o f the Issuer, being at the date o f this Bond Agreement 35,431,305 ordinary shares, fiilly paid up with a face value o f NOK 1, representing, in aggregate, one hundred per cent (100 %) o f the issued share capital of the Issuer, each individually a "Share".
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership o f shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary o f another entity or person if such entity or

6

i

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority o f the votes in theeritity,W has ttieTighfto Vote in or Vote outli'majority of the directors in the entity.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) (b) (c) (d) (e)
_____ ___ (f)
(h)

headings are for ease o f reference only; words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; references to Clauses are references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement; references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board o f directors o f the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership o f voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o fthe Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer o f Bonds bound by the terms of the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in talcing transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms o f the Bond Agreement and die other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

7

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The IssueFsball ensure thafthe BoridAgreement is"available_to the general public throughout the entire term o f the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 77,000,000 (Norwegian kroner seventysevenmillion).

The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 1,- each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "5 per cent Spectrum ASA Subordinated Convertible Callable Bond Issue 2011/2014".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be NO 0010624240.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. 2.3 Convertible provisions
The Bonds are convertible into Shares as set out in Attachment 2. 2.3 Purpose and utilization
2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be used to partly finance the Issuer's acquisition of the worldwide Multi-client marine 2D seismic data libraiy from CGGV.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer is under no obligation to list the Bonds on an Exchange, but shall have the right to list the Bonds if it so desires.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in lull.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions o f the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register o f any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification.

8

I

Norsk Tillitsmaon ASA
4.3......... The Issuer is responsible for the implementation o f correct registration in the ....... "Securities Register. The''registration may"be- executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer o f Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers

5.1.1 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning o f Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement that each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is aQIB.

5.2 Transfer restrictions

5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that . . . may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer the Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning o f Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement o f the net proceeds o f the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions o f the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents (including inter alia protocol o f the extraordinary general meeting granting the board o f directors o f the Issuer

9

Norsk TIIlitemaDn ASA

authority to issue the Bond Issue and the board resolution to carry out the Bond

Issue);- .............

........ ...................... ..

(c) a power o f attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;

(d) certified copies o f (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;

(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 o f the Norwegian

Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71

EC)

concerning

prospectuses

have

been

fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register on or about Disbursement Date;

(i) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed by the Issuer; and

(j) documentation on the granting o f authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue.

6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.3 Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been verified and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

10

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary ~ corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f such parties, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment o f tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions o f such Security Document.
(d) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(e) Prospectus The information and statements provided in the Prospectus are in all material aspects accurate._________________________________________ _____________
(f) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(g) Intellectualproperty The Issuer has valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(h) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(i) Paripassu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other subordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7 are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a Written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event o f misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) for any direct economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement o f the Bonds, and during the term o f the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Issuer herein.

8

Status o f the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be subordinated debt o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least p a ri passu with all other subordinated obligations o f the Issuer and shall rank ahead o f the Issuers equity.
8.2 The Bonds are unsecured.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Outstanding Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate o f 5 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").
9.2 Interest payments.shall be made in arrears_on the. Interest Payment Dates each_year,____ the first Interest Payment Date being 6 April 2012.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect o f the calculation o f the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number o f days in the calculation period in respect o f which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number o f days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day o f a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day o f a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day o f the month o f February, in which case the month o f February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Fixed Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

12

Norsk TillHsmann ASA
10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption
10.1 Maturity
The Outstanding Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may at any time redeem the Bond Issue at 100 % o f par plus accrued
interests on redeemed amount.
10.2.2 Exercise o f the Cull Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.
10.2.3 On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders the principal amount (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.
10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.
10.2.5 The Bondholders Conversion Rights will remain as set out in Attachments 2 upon the Issuer's call notice.
10.3 Bidfo r Shares and Delisting ofShares
10.3.1 If the Issuer is subject to a Bid for Shares or the Shares are delisted from Oslo Axess, each Bondholder shall at any time in the Bid for Shares Conversion Period/Delisting Conversion Period have the option to (at each Bondholder's discretion):
(a) require early redemption o f its Bonds (put option) at 100 % o f par value plus accrued interest; or
(b) convert the Bonds at the Bid for Shares Conversion Price/Delisting Conversion Price, which shall be set out below, but in each case adjusted, if appropriate, under the provisions o f Clauses C and D o f Attachment 2 (provided that no adjustment to the Conversion Price set out in said Attachment will be made in respect o f such Bid for Shares/Delisting o f Shares event other than pursuant to this Clause in respect of exercise of the conversion right in the Bid for Shares Conversion Period/Delisting Conversion Period):
DCP = O CP / (1 + (CP x (cIt))) where:
DCP =B id for Shares Conversion Price/Delisting Conversion Price; OCP = Conversion Price; CP = means 40 per cent;
13

Norsk TillHsraann ASA
c = means the number o f days from and including the date o f the Issuer's notification o f a Bid'for Shafes/Delisting o f Shares to but excluding the ~ Maturity Date; and
t = means the number o f days from and including the Disbursement Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.
The respective Bondholder must notify the Paying Agent within the Bid for Shares Conversion Period/Delisting Conversion Period o f its election of whether or not to (a) require early redemption, or (b) convert the Bonds to Shares.
In the event of an early redemption pursuant to this Clause, settlement shall be five (5) Business Days after the Paying Agent has received such request.
In the event o f conversion pursuant to this Clause, the Issuer shall as soon as possible, but in no event later than on the Bid for Shares Conversion Date/Delisting Conversion Date issue to and in the names of the Bondholder the number o f new Shares which are necessary in order to fulfil the Issuer's obligations to issue new Shares to the respective Bondholder.
The terms and conditions set out in Attachment 2 shall (to the extent applicable) apply for any conversion o f Bonds to Shares according to this Clause.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, sec however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment

14

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA

Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK. bank account registeredWithThe Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 S et-o ffand counterclaims

11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
12,1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13 Covenants
13.1 General 13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on
behalf o f the Bondholders), as further stated below.

15

Norsk TillltsDiann ASA

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until'such' time thatno^amounts We outstanding Tinderthis "B o n d '' Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent o f such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event o f Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event o f Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business;

____

(c) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in the English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end o f the financial year and 60 days after the end o f the second
.. .quarter.(or,Jfquarterly.reporting, the end.ofthe.relevant-quarter);.............

(d) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance o f the Issuer's Bonds;

(e) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction o f the Share capital or equity;

(f) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(g) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(h) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

16

Norsk Tilllrsmnnn ASA

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d); confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the- Issuer's compliance with the' covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer. In the event o f non compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Paripassu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims o f all its other subordinated creditors and shall rank ahead o f the Issuer's equity.

(b) Continuation o f business The Issuer shall not cease to cany out its business.

The Issuer shall procure that no material changes are made to the general nature or scope o f its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement

(c) Disposal o f business Th e Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose o f directly or indirectly_aU or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, unless the transaction is earned out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions.

13.4 Corporate and operational matters

(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect o f Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 o f the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part o f the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any Group Company, (iii) any company in which any Group Company holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any o f the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in an arms' length transaction with a third party.

All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.

(c) Compliance with laws

17 V.

Norsk Tlllltstnann ASA
The Issuer shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practiced in' all material aspectsTand'comply in all material respects withrall" laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(d) M aterial litigations and other events The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details o f any material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings (or other events) which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company and which may have a mi iterial effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under this Bond Agreement.

14

Fees and expenses

,

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation o f the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing o f the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond
... .... Trustee which,jdueJoJhe Issuer's insolvency,nr. similar, .are. not reimbursed. in.any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholder's.

14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by die Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is

18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 --

five - Business Days following the original due date.

.....

(b) Breach o fother obligations The Issuer fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default o f the Issuer The aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness o f the Issuer, tailing within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below, exceeds a total ofN O K 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid by the Issuer when due nor within any

originally applicable grace period,

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default o f the

Issuer (however described),

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a

creditor as a result o f an event o f default o f the Issuer (however described), or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default of the

. Issuer_(however_described).

_____________________________________

(c) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

(d) Insolvency If for the Issuer

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

(iii) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect o f a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets,

19

Norsk Tilliltmann ASA
(e) Creditors'process The Issuer has a substantial"prop6ftioh of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement o f any security over any o f its assets.
(f) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed.
(g) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any o f the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment o f interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.
16 Bondholders' meeting
16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders ' meeting
20

Norsk TillUsmann ASA

16.1.1 "The Bondholders'" M atin g represents the supreme 'authority of the Bondholders ~ community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched _no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been, proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders represented at the Bondholders'' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed solely for the purpose o f providing this information to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 16.4.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds, as well as any provisions relating to the conversion rights;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or

22

Norsk Tilliismann ASA
(c) change o f Bond Trustee.
16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.
16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.
16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4 Repeated Bondholders 'meeting
16.4.1. I f the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned in accordance with Clause 16.2 to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.
16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented. No new matter may be tabled at such repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o fthe Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange o f relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a material adverse effect on the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

23

V

Norsk Tillltsmaun ASA

171.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the" Bond Trustee may reach- decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal o f the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

___ ___________ ________

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to cany out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2 The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach o f the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to

24 V

Norsk Tlllifsmann ASA

the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee

.....

is liable.

.......'

'

"

"'

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under die terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment o f a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2 The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the
_Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

i f so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security Interest (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders,

25

V

Norsk TillUsmann ASA
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms o f this Bond Agreement,' access to the Securities Register to review ownership o f Bonds registered in the Securities Register,
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that: (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Trustee
........................(the-"Defeasance-PIedge") in-such am ounts-as-w illbe- sufficient-for- the--------- payment o f principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise o f a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event o f Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events o f Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation o f any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its C hief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer

26

\

Norsk TUlitsmann ASA

with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the

Issuer or" with the' intenrof "defeating, hindering delaying oFdefrauding any

....

other creditors o f the Issuer or others;

(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights o f creditors o f any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour o f the Bond Trustee for the benefit o f the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects o f any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile o f the Issuer.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;

(a) all obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take

any actions that may cause the value o f the Security Interest created by this

-----

---- Covenant-Defeasance to be reduced,-and-shall at the request of the Bond--------------------

Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and

perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order

for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the

Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(c) any guarantors) shall be discharged from their obligations under any guarantee(s), and the guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(e) all other provisions o f the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (d) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders o f all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.]

27

K-

Norsk Tillitsinnnn ASA

18.3 Limitation o fclaims '

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18,1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information _________

____ _

_______

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.nowww.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address o f the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

28

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue ........... ..............

" ........ .

'"

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts o f Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number o fjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Bond Trijsteer- -

..........

By

Do

Position: L & <i<6 i O t r? (2 Or i*7

29

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 4 7 22 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Sirs,
SPECTRUM ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2011/2014 - ISIN 001IX

[date]

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition o f the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
Copies o f our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Spectrum ASA

Name o fauthorizedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Attachment 2 - Convertible provisions
A Definitions
"Bonus Issue" means an issue o f new shares to shareholders against no consideration.
"Conversion Date" means the date felling 10 - ten - Business Days after the Paying Agent has received the relevant exercise notice pursuant to Clause B.l, unless otherwise described under Clause 10.3.1, and except as otherwise provided in the definition of "Exercise Period" below.
"Conversion Event" means (i) a Bid for Shares, (ii) a Delisting of Shares, (iii) an exercise o f the Call Option, and (iv) at the last calendar day o f each month, at an Interest Payment Date or at the Maturity Date).
"Conversion Price" means NOK 14, subject to adjustments as provided in Clauses C and D.
"Conversion Right" means the right of each Bondholder to convert each Bond in relation to a Conversion Event at the Conversion Price into (based on the initial Conversion Price) 1/14 Shares, subject to Clauses B, C and D.
"Exercise Period" means the period within which the Conversion Right may be exercised, being;
(i) for conversion upon Bid for the Shares - as described under Clause 10.3.1;____ (ii) for conversion upon Delisting o f Shares - as described under Clause 10.3.1; (iii) for conversion upon exercise o f the Call Option - within 10 Business Days
prior to the settlement day o f the Call Option; and (iv) for conversion on the last calendar day o f a month, an Interest Payment Date
and at Maturity Date, - within 10 Business Days prior to the actual calendar day or Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date.
For (iii) and (iv) above, the Conversion Date will be the date o f the actual Conversion Event.
"Market Place" means a recognized stock exchange or regulated market providing material trading activity and liquidity for the Shares, always including Oslo Stock Exchange and Oslo Axess, while always excluding OTC trading or other trades via similar dealer networks.
B Conversion terms
B.l Each Bondholder may exercise one or more o f his Conversion Right(s) at the Conversion Price at any time during an Exercise Period provided that the relevant Bondholder at the Conversion Date has the right to own Shares under the applicable law and that notification thereof is given pursuant to Clause B.4.
It is a condition that the minimum number o f Bonds to be converted by a single Bondholder in a single transaction is (i) not less than such number of Bonds that would result in 100,000 Shares to be issued by the Issuer OR (ii) comprises 100 % o f the Bonds held by that single Bondholder (the "Minimum Convertible Amount").
31 V.

Norsk TillHsmann ASA

B .2 The Conversion Righfcannot berseparated from the B o n d "

B.3 The Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to Clauses C and D.

B.4 In order to exercise a Conversion Right, the Bondholder shall deliver to the Paying Agent (via its Account Manager) a duly completed, irrevocable and signed exercise notice.

Request for conversion takes place by the Bondholder notifying his Account Manager o f the number o f Bonds which shall be converted. The Account Manager shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. The Paying Agent shall carry the conversion into effect at the Conversion Date.

Conversion will be effected by a set-off o f the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted against the issuing o f the whole number o f Shares resulting from dividing the total nominal value of the Bonds to be converted by the Conversion Price. Any excess amount beyond the whole number o f Shares converted by the Bonds shall fall to the Issuer.

Interest accrued since the latest Interest Payment Date but not due on a Conversion

Date, shall not be paid in cash nor kind to the Bondholders, but shall accrue to the

Issuer, unless the Conversion Date falls in an ex-period for an Interest Payment Date

and/or the Maturity Date, then interest due shall be paid in cash to the relevant

Bondholder.______ __

__ ____ __

___________

B.5 The Issuer is responsible for ensuring that:

(a) the share capital increase is registered in the company register as soon as possible,

(b) the Outstanding Bonds are written down within the Conversion Date, and

(c) Shares issued upon conversion are registered in the Securities Depository on the Conversion Date.

I f the share capital increase is not registered in the Company Register at the Conversion Date, the Issuer shall ensure that the shares following the conversion shall be temporarily registered in the Securities Depository (with temporary ISIN).

B. 6 Shares issued upon conversion give rights in the Issuer as o f the registration o f the share capital increase in the Company Register, unless the general meeting o f the Issuer has resolved differently.

C Adjustment o f the Conversion Price

C. l In the event o f a new issue o f Shares in which shareholders have preferential rights to subscribe for the new shares,

32

V.

Norsk Tillitsmnnn ASA

(i) if the Shares are listed at a Market Place, the new Conversion Price shall be

calculated as follows:

~ ~.......

(slrarepricex nvmberof shares beforeshare issue)+ (sharcissuc priccx nymberof new shares)
New conversionPrice = ------------------nun.berpfshyesbelbresbareissueH-nuniberofnewsliares------------------ x old ConversionPrice SharePrice

The share price ("M arket Price") is the average o f the weighted average o f official daily trading price on the Market Place the last five days the shares are quoted including rights.

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his conversion right.

For avoidance of doubt, no adjustment o f the Conversion Price shall take place in this Bond Agreement in the event that the Issuer opts to issue Shares (or other financial instruments) to shareholders without preferential rights under the condition that such Shares arc issued with a discount equal to 10% or less compared to the Market Price.

C.2 In the event of an issue of financial instruments in accordance with Chapter 11 o f the Norwegian Companies Act in which existing shareholders of the Issuer have preferential rights to subscribe for such financial instruments (the "Subscription R ig h ts "),
____ (i) if the Shares are listed on a Market Place, the new Conversion Price shall be calculated as follows:

_

. _.

AverageSubscription Period Price

.

N e w C onversion P rice = ------------- - ------------- £------ -- ------------- x old C onversion Price

AverageSubscription Period Price plus

the A verage Subscription Rights Price

where: (a) "Average Subscription Period Price" means the average o f the weighted average of official daily trading price o f such Shares on the Market Place, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, and (b) "Average Subscription Rights Price" means either (1) if the Issuer has listed the Subscription Rights on a Market Place, the average o f the weighted average o f official daily trading price o f such Subscription Rights on the Market Place, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised, or (2) if the Issuer has not listed the Subscription Rights on a market place, the average o f the trading price o f the Subscription Rights calculated by a broker agreed upon by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, measured during the period when the Subscription Rights may be exercised Days without trading are not included in the aforesaid calculations,

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, each Bondholder shall have the same subscription right as the shareholders, as if the Bondholder already had exercised his conversion right.
C.3 In the event o f a capital write-down o f the Issuer's share capital and subsequent repayment to shareholders,

33

{

Norsk Tillilsm*nn ASA

(i) if the Shares are listed at a Market Place, the new Conversion Price shall be

......... calculated as folloWST ............ ..

........

_, _

.

N ew C onversionPnce

* =s--h--a-r--e--p-r--i-c-e---l-e-s--s--a--m--o--u--n--t--r-e--p--a--i-d--p- e--r--s-h--a--r-e---x

,,, old Conversion Price

share price

The share price is the average o f the weighted average o f official daily trading price on the Market Place the last three days shares are quoted including rights.

(ii) if the Shares are not listed, the Conversion Price shall be reduced with an amount equal to the amount repaid per Share.

Reduction o f the share capital without repayment to the shareholders shall have no influence on the Conversion Price.

C.4 In the event of a Bonus Issue of new Shares (with the exception of shares issued in settlement of a merger offer), split or consolidation, the new Conversion Price shall be fixed as follows:

number o f shares prior to bonus issue,

xt ,,

. u.

split or consolidation

.

N e w C onversion Price = --------------------------------------------------------- x old C onversion Price

number o f shares after bonus issue,

split or consolidation

In the event that the shares are split into more than one class o f shares, the conversion right shall be adjusted so that Bondholders' interest in the separate share classes remains unchanged, regardless o f whether the Bondholder elects to convert prior to, or after the date on which the shares are quoted post split.
A bonus issue writing up the par value o f the shares in the Issuer shall have no influence o f the Conversion Price.

C.5 Should the Issuer make a dividend payment to shareholders o f the Issuer, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to the principles o f Clause C.3.

C.6 If changes are made in the share capital other than those mentioned in Clauses C. 1- C.5 above, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders compared to the shareholders, the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall agree on a new Conversion Price. This also applies to other transactions, which are unfavourable to the Bondholders. The principles expressed in Clauses C .l to Clause C.5 above shall always be the basis for any adjustments pursuant to this Clause.

C.7 If the Conversion Price is below par value o f the Shares, par value of the shares still applies, and the Issuer shall upon conversion pay the Bondholders the difference between the par value o f the Shares and the Conversion Price.

34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
D Merger and de-merger D .l I f the Issuer decides on a statutory merger (in accordance with prevailing legislation
from time to time) in which the Issuer is the acquired company, each Bondholder has the right to demand the Bonds to be redeemed at par plus accrued interest. The Issuer shall give the Bondholders written notification through the Securities Depository at the latest 5 - five - Business Days after notification o f the merger. The notification shall refer to the regulations and deadlines o f Clause D.2. D.2 Request for redemption takes place by the Bondholder notifying his paying agent in the Securities Register at the latest two (2) months after notification o f the merger. The Bondholder's paying agent shall then promptly forward the request to the Paying Agent. Redemption shall take place 5 - five- Business Days after the acquiring company has notified that the merger shall be effective. D.3 I f a Bondholder does not use the right to request redemption according to Clause D.2, the conversion right shall be transferred to a right to convert to shares in the acquiring company on terms that are adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio of the merger. D.4 I f tiie Issuer decides on a merger in which the Issuer is the acquiring company, and the shareholders o f the acquired company receive settlement in the form of shares only, no adjustment will be made to the Conversion Price. I f the shareholders of the acquired _____company receive settlement in any other form, in full or partly, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted according to Clause C. D.5 In the event of a de-merger, a split-up, a spin-off, split-off or if any other event occurs which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee has the same effect as a de-merger, the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall agree on appropriate adjustments to the Conversion Right and the Conversion Price, which shall be made pursuant to the principles as set out in Clause C. D.6 The provisions in this Clause D have no limitation on the creditor's right o f objection to the merger or de-merger.
35

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
36

