BOND TERMS FOR
Frigaard Property Group AS FRN senior secured NOK 600,000,000 bonds 2018/2021
ISIN 0010826092
i

Clause

Contents

Page

1. INTERPRETATION........................................................................................................ 3 2. THE BONDS...................................................................................................................15 3. THE BONDHOLDERS................................................................................................. 17 4. ADMISSION TO LISTING........................................................................................... 17 5. REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS............................................................................. 18 6. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT.........................................................................18 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.............................................................. 20 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS.............................................................. 22 9. INTEREST...................................................................................................................... 24 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF BONDS..................................................... 24 11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS...............................................................26 12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS............................................................................ 26 13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS..................................................... 28 14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS....................... 31 15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS................................................................................... 34 16. THE BOND TRUSTEE.................................................................................................. 38 17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS............................................................................. 43 18. MISCELLANEOUS....................................................................................................... 44 19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION............................................................... 46

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE

2

BOND TERMS between

ISSUER:

Frigaard Property Group AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 996 056 279 and LEl-code 254900PADEO0LU7JL270; and

BOND TRUSTEE:

Nordic Trustee AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.

DATED:

14 June 2018

These Bond Terms shall remain in effect for so long as any Bonds remain outstanding.

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions The following terms will have the following meanings:

"Additional Bonds" means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.

"Adjusted EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated operating profit of the Group:

(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by the Issuer or any Group Company;
(b) before taking into account any financial items (other than derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account basis);

(c) excluding any items (positive or negative) of a one off, non-recurring, extraordinary, unusual or exceptional nature;
(d) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;

(e) before deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(f) after adding back any losses to the extent covered by any insurance (covering loss of profits, business interruption or delay in start-up); and

3

(g) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or impairment of assets of the Group.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Annual Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such financial statements to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report of the board of directors.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to these Bond Terms.
"Bond Terms" means these terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form an integrated part of these Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.
"Bond Trustee" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
"Bond Trustee Fee Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee relating among other things to the fees to be paid by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee for its obligations relating to the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights).
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders as set out in Clause 14 (.Bondholders' Decisions).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond currency settlement system is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to the first preceding Business Day {ModifiedFollowing).
"Call Option" has the meaning given to it in Clause 10.2 {Voluntary early redemption - Call Option).
4

"Call Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Call Option determined by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Voluntary early redemption - Call Option), or a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer in connection with such redemption of Bonds.
"Change of Control Event" means a person or group of persons acting in concert gaining Decisive Influence over the Issuer, except where such Change of Control Event is triggered by an initial public offering of the shares in the Issuer.
"CSD" means the central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS).
"Compliance Certificate" means a statement substantially in the form as set out in Attachment 1hereto.
"Debt Service Account" means an account established by the Issuer with a Nordic bank (acceptable to the Bond Trustee) to fund two years of interest payments under the Bond Issue and where the relevant bank has waived any set-off rights.
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person (directly or indirectly):
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
"Default Notice" means a written notice to the Issuer as described in Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Default Repayment Date" means the settlement date set out by the Bond Trustee in a Default Notice requesting early redemption of the Bonds.
"Distribution" means any (i) payment of dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redemption of share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repayment of any Shareholder Loan or (v) any other similar distribution or transfers of value, in each case to the direct and/or indirect shareholders of the Issuer.
"Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 14.1 {Events o f Default).
"Exchange" means Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange).
"Finance Documents" means these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement, any Transaction Security Document, and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed (and debit balances at banks or other financial institutions);
5

(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument, including the Bonds;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease (meaning that the lease is capitalized as an asset and booked as a corresponding liability in the balance sheet);
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis provided that the requirements for de-recognition under GAAP are met);
(f) any derivative transaction entered into and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that amount shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of an underlying liability of a person which is not a Group Company which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this definition;
(h) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the Maturity Date or are otherwise classified as borrowings under GAAP;
(i) any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement, if (a) the primary reason behind entering into the agreement is to raise finance or (b) the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 120 calendar days after the date of supply;
(j) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under GAAP; and
(k) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee for any of the items referred to in paragraphs a) to j) above.
"Financial Reports" means the Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.
"Financial Support" means any loans, guarantees, Security or other financial assistance (whether actual or contingent).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date falling in June 2020.
6

"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting practices and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Group Company" means any person which is a member of the Group.
"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 13.16 (Incurrence Test).
"Initial Bond Issue" means the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of each Bond as set out in Clause 2.1 (Amount; denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).
"Insolvent" means that a person:
(a) is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due;
(b) suspends making payments on any of its debts generally; or
(c) is otherwise considered insolvent or bankrupt within the meaning of the relevant bankruptcy legislation of the jurisdiction which can be regarded as its center of main interest as such term is understood pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) no. 1346/2000 on insolvency proceedings (as amended).
"Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to the Group's net interest expenses calculated for the Relevant Period.
"Interest Payment Bate" means the last day of each Interest Period,thefirst Interest Payment Date being 15 September 2018 and the last Interest PaymentDatebeing the Maturity Date.
"Interest Period" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, the period between 15 March, 15 June, 15 September and 15 December each year, provided however that an Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period plus the Margin.
"Interest Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year, prepared in accordance with GAAP.
7

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number, being the identification number of the Bonds.

`Issue Bate" means 15 June 2018.

"Issuer" means the company designated as such in the preamble to these Bond Terms.

"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate of the

Issuer.

.

"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Total Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA.

"Listing Failure Event" means:

(a) that the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on Oslo Børs within 12 months following the Issue Date, or

(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of 6 months has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on Oslo Børs.

"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:

(a) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of 102 per cent, of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date; and

(b) the present value on the Call Option Repayment Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds less any accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed Bonds as at the Call Option Repayment Date, to and including the First Call Date,

where the present value shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 1.95 per cent, and where the interest rate applied for the remaining interest payments shall be 7.50 per cent.

"Manager" means Arctic Securities AS.

"Margin" means 6.5 per cent.

"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:

(a) the ability of the Issuer to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or

(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.

"M aturity Date" means 15 June 2021, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention.

"Maximum Issue Amount" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds).

8

"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount (less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partially redeemed, if any) pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o fBonds) or any other amount following a split of Bonds pursuant to Clause 16.2, paragraph (j).
"Outstanding Bonds" means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Overdue Amount" means any amount required to be paid by the Issuer under any of the Finance Documents but not made available to the Bondholders on the relevant Payment Date or otherwise not paid on its applicable due date.
"Partial Payment" means a payment that is insufficient to discharge all amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents.
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.
"Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.
"Permitted Disposals" means:
(a) any disposal made by a Group Company in its ordinary course of trading;
(b) any disposal made by a Group Company to another Group Company;
(c) any disposal of obsolete or redundant vehicles, plant and equipment for cash or any normal trade-in of old vehicles, plant and equipment for new corresponding assets with set-off of the current market value for such old assets against the price for the new assets;
(d) any other disposal made by a Group Company provided that the disposal is a Qualified Event.
"Permitted Distributions" means:
(a) any Distribution in the form of a group contribution (Nw. konsernbidrag) made by a member of the Group to the direct or indirect shareholders of the Issuer provided that any such group contribution is made without the transfer of any cash or other assets and provided further that any claim arising in connection therewith is promptly converted into equity in the Issuer; and
(b) any Distribution made by the Issuer to its shareholders provided that:
i. the Incurrence Test is met; and ii. the aggregate amount of such Distributions in any financial year is equal to or less
than the sum of 25 per cent, of the consolidated net profit of the Group in the preceding financial year,

provided that a Distribution in accordance with paragraph (b) above can only be made after the Issuer's audited consolidated annual financial statements for 2018 have been finalised and published in accordance with Clause 12.1.
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) under the Finance Documents;
(b) under the Revolving Credit Facility or any refinancing thereof, provided that the amount outstanding under any such facility shall never exceed an amount equal to 10 per cent, of the Group's revenue in the preceding financial year (as evidenced by the Group's audited consolidated accounts);
(c) existing within the Group at the Issue Date that was incurred to finance acquisition of plots (estimated to be approximately NOK 29,850,000);
(d) constituting Permitted Financial Support;
(e) in the form of Permitted Hedging Obligations or Subordinated Debt;
(f) any additional Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer provided that the Incurrence Test is satisfied;
(g) incurred as construction loans entered into in the ordinary course of business to finance the construction of the Group's residential projects, provided that, in each case, the Group has sold at least 60 per cent, of the properties in the relevant construction project prior to incurring such construction loan;
(h) in the form of any pension or tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and not as a result of any default or omission; and/or
(i) not falling within the preceding paragraphs where the aggregate amount outstanding does not exceed NOK 20,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.
"Permitted Financial Support" means:
(a) any loan or credit granted by the Issuer or a Group Company to the Issuer or another Group Company respectively;
(b) any guarantee granted by the Issuer or a Group Company for obligations of the Issuer or another Group Company respectively;
(c) any loan, credit, guarantee or indemnity granted by a Group Company to any of its trading partners in the ordinary course of its trading activities;
(d) any loan, credit, guarantee or indemnity granted by a Group Company in relation to Financial Indebtedness incurred under item (g) of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";
10

(e) any indemnity given in the ordinary course of the documentation of a disposal
transaction which is a Permitted Disposal; and/or
(f) any loan, credit, guarantee or indemnity not falling within the preceding paragraphs where the aggregate liability and/or amount outstanding (whether actual or contingent) does not exceed NOK 20,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the Group at any time.
"Permitted Hedging Obligation" means any obligation of a Group Company under a non speculative derivative transaction entered into with one or more hedge counterparties in connection with the protection against or benefit from fluctuations in any rate or price where such exposure arise in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Bond Terms.
"Permitted Security" means:
(a) any security granted under the Finance Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any security granted to facilitate the disbursement of proceeds in connection with a Tap Issue);
(b) created under or in connection with any Permitted Hedging Obligation;
(c) any security granted by a Group Company over its operating assets (Nw. "driftstilbehørspant"), machinery and plant (Nw. "anleggsmaskiner") and accounts receivables to secure the Group's obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility (or any replacement thereof);
(d) any security granted for Financial Indebtedness incurred under item (c) of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";
(e) any security granted for Financial Indebtedness incurred under item (g) of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";
(f) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of any default or omission; and/or
(g) arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting debt and credit balances of between members of the Group.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Put Option" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Put Option Event" means a Change of Control Event.

"Put Option Repayment Date" means the settlement date for the Put Option Event pursuant to Clause 10.3 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
"Qualified Event" means a disposal that (i) does not have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) where the net cash proceeds received amount to more than NOK 30,000,000, provided that 100 per cent, of the net cash proceeds received in connection therewith is Reinvested and/or used to finance a Mandatory Buy Back Offer.
"Reference Rate" shall mean NIBOR (Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate) being;
(a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. (Oslo time) on the Interest Quotation Day shall be used; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period;
(i) the linear interpolation between the two closest relevant interest periods, and with the same number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) above; or
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient number of commercial banks reasonably selected by the Bond Trustee; or
(c) if no quotation is available under paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer best reflects the interest rate for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for the relevant Interest Period.
In each case, if any such rate is below zero, the Reference Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway.
"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 months ending on the last day of each financial quarter.
"Relevant Record Date" means the date on which a Bondholder's ownership of Bonds shall be recorded in the CSD as follows:
(a) in relation to payments pursuant to these Bond Terms, the date designated as the Relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of the CSD from time to time;
(b) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Bondholders' Meeting, the date falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that Bondholders' Meeting being held, or another date as accepted by the Bond Trustee; and
(c) for the purpose of casting a vote in a Written Resolution:
(i) the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Summons have been published; or,
12

(ii) if the requisite majority in the opinion of the Bond Trustee has been reached prior to the date set out in paragraph (i) above, on the date falling on the immediate Business Day prior to the date on which the Bond Trustee declares that the Written Resolution has been passed with the requisite majority.
"Repayment Date" means any Call Option Repayment Date, the Default Repayment Date, the Put Option Repayment Date, the Tax Event Repayment Date or the Maturity Date.
"Revolving Credit Facility" means the Group's revolving credit facility with Metacon AS as borrower and Nordea as lender, or any refinancing thereof.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent and the Bond Trustee on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.
"Securities Trading Act" means the Securities Trading Act of 2007 no.75 of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee or any successor Security Agent, acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with any Security Agent Agreement or any other Finance Document.
"Security Agent Agreement" means any agreement whereby the Security Agent is appointed to act as such in the interest of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders).
"Shareholder Loan" means any loan granted to the Issuer by any of its, direct or indirect, shareholders, such loans to be fully subordinated to the Bond Issue (in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee).
"Subordinated Debt" means any Shareholder Loan and any other loan or credit which is fully subordinated to the Bond Issue (in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee).
"Subsidiary" means subsidiaries (No. dallerselskap) within the meaning of section 1-3 of the Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act of 13 June 1997 No. 44 (No. aksjeloven) or otherwise a Person over which another Person has Decisive Influence.
"Summons" means the call for a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Resolution as the case may be.
"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 (Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
13

"Tap Issue Addendum" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination, ISIN and tenor).
"Top-up Fraction" means a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to 8 less the number of Interest Payment Dates that has lapsed since the Issue Date, and the denominator of which is equal to 8.
"Total Net Debt" means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all obligations of the Group for or in respect of interest bearing Financial Indebtedness at any time but:
(a) excluding any such obligation to any other member of the Group;
(b) excluding any such obligation in respect of any Subordinated Debt;
(c) excluding any Financial Indebtedness incurred to finance the construction of the Group's residential projects; and
(d) deducting the amount of cash and cash equivalent investments held by any Group Company, to the extent freely available.
"Transaction Security" means the Security created or expressed to be created in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) pursuant to the Transaction Security Documents.
"Transaction Security Documents" means, collectively, all of the documents which shall be executed or delivered pursuant to Clause 2.5 {Transaction Security) expressed to create any Security by the relevant grantor thereof in respect of the Issuer's obligations under any of the Finance Documents.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds and a Voting Bond shall mean any single one of those Bonds.
"Written Resolution" means a written (or electronic) solution for a decision making among the Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.5 {Written Resolutions).
1.2 Construction In these Bond Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only;
(b) words denoting the singular number will include the plural and vice versa;
(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of these Bond Terms;
(d) references to a time are references to Central European time unless otherwise stated;
(e) references to a provision of "law" is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law;
14

(f) references to a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline by any official body;

(g) references to a "person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, unincorporated organization, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

(h) references to Bonds being "redeemed" means that such Bonds are cancelled and discharged in the CSD in a corresponding amount, and that any amounts so redeemed may not be subsequently re-issued under these Bond Terms;

(i) references to Bonds being "purchased" or "repurchased" by the Issuer means that such Bonds may be dealt with by the Issuer as set out in Clause 11.1 (.Issuer's purchase o fBonds),

(j) references to persons "acting in concert" shall be interpreted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Securities Trading Act; and

(k) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2.

THE BONDS

2.1 Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 600,000,000 (the "Maximum Issue Amount"). The Bonds may be issued on different issue dates and the Initial Bond Issue will be in the amount of NOK 300,000,000. The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in Clause 6.3 (Tap Issues) are met, at one or more occasions issue Additional Bonds (each a "Tap Issue") until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue. Each Tap Issue will be subject to identical terms as the Bonds issued pursuant to the Initial Bond Issue in all respects as set out in these Bond Terms, except that Additional Bonds may be issued at a different price than for the Initial Bond Issue and which may be below or above the Nominal Amount. The Bond Trustee shall prepare an addendum to these Bond Terms evidencing the terms of each Tap Issue (a "Tap Issue Addendum").

The Bonds are denominated in Norwegian Kroner (NOK), being the legal currency of Norway.

(b) The Initial Nominal Amount of each Bond is NOK 500,000.

(c) The ISIN of the Bonds is NO 0010826092. All Bonds issued under the same ISIN will have identical terms and conditions as set out in these Bond Terms.

2.2 Tenor of the Bonds The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.

15

2.3 Use of proceeds (a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee) as follows:
(i) NOK 45,000,000 to fund the Debt Service Account,
(ii) NOK 75,190,217 to refinance certain existing Financial Indebtedness in the Group,
(iii) NOK 100,000,000 to part finance the acquisition of 100 per cent, of the shares in Alento AS,
(iv) financing of transaction costs incurred in connection with the Bond Issue and the transactions contemplated in paragraph (i), (ii) and (iii), and
(v) for general corporate purposes of the Group.
(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bonds as follows:
(i) fund the Debt Service Account with an amount equal to 15 per cent, of the product of: (a) the principal amount of the Tap Issue; and (b); the Top-up Fraction calculated at the date of the Tap Issue; and
(ii) for general coiporate purposes of the Group or as otherwise agreed with the subscribers in the Tap Issue.
2.4 Status of the Bonds The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).
2.5 Transaction Security (a) As Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer shall procure that the following Transaction Security is granted in favour of the Security Agent with first priority within the times agreed in Clause 6 (Conditions for disbursement)'.
(i) a pledge over the shares in Metacon AS (reg. no. 994 925 954), Alento AS (reg. no. 912 553 620), Frigaard Bolig AS (reg. no. 918 501 134) and any other future directly and wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer; and
(ii) a pledge over the Debt Service Account.
(b) The Transaction Security shall be entered into on such terms and conditions as the Bond Trustee in its discretion deems appropriate in order to create the intended benefit for the Secured Parties under the relevant document.
16

3.

THE BONDHOLDERS

3.1 Bond Terms binding on all Bondholders
(a) By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party.

(b) The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of all the Bondholders.

3.2 Limitation of rights of action
(a) No Bondholder is entitled to take any enforcement action, instigate any insolvency procedures, or take other action against the Issuer or any other party in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or any other party under or in connection with the Finance Documents, other than through the Bond Trustee and in accordance with these Bond Terms, provided, however, that the Bondholders shall not be restricted from exercising any of their individual rights derived from these Bond Terms, including the right to exercise the Put Option.

(b) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

3.3 Bondholders' rights
(a) If a beneficial owner of a Bond not being registered as a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain proof of ownership of the Bonds, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.

(b) A Bondholder (whether registered as such or proven to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the Bond as set out in paragraph (a) above) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held or beneficially owned by such Bondholder. The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Clause 3.3 {Bondholders' rights) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.

4.

ADMISSION TO LISTING

The Issuer shall within 12 months of the Issue Date apply for the Bonds to be admitted to listing on Oslo Bors.

17

5.

REGISTRATION OF THE BONDS

5.1 Registration in the CSD
The Bonds shall be registered in dematerialised form in the CSD according to the relevant securities registration legislation and the requirements of the CSD.

5.2 Obligation to ensure correct registration
The Issuer will at all times ensure that the registration of the Bonds in the CSD is correct and shall immediately upon any amendment or variation of these Bond Terms give notice to the CSD of any such amendment or variation.

5.3 Country of issuance
The Bonds have not been issued under any other country's legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction. Save for the registration of the Bonds in the CSD, the Issuer is under no obligation to register, or cause the registration of, the Bonds in any other registry or under any other legislation than that of the Relevant Jurisdiction.

6.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

6.1 Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer
(a) Payment of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee) to the Issuer shall be conditional on the Bond Trustee having received in due time (as determined by the Bond Trustee) prior to the Issue Date each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee:

(i) these Bond Terms duly executed by all parties hereto;

(ii) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(iii) a certified copy of a power of attorney (unless included in the corporate resolutions) from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the Finance Documents to which it is a party, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute such Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(iv) certified copies of the Issuer's articles of association and of a full extract from the relevant company register in respect of the Issuer evidencing that the Issuer is validly existing;

(v) the most recent consolidated and unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer;

(vi) confirmation that the applicable prospectus requirements (ref the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC)) concerning the issuance of the Bonds have been fulfilled;

(vii) confirmation that the Bonds are registered in the CSD;

18

(viii) copies of any written documentation used in marketing the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or any Manager in connection with the issuance of the Bonds;
(ix) the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto;
(x) a duly executed release notice as set out in Schedule 2 from the Issuer, including satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released will be applied in accordance with Clause 2.3 (Use o fProceeds)-,
(xi) a confirmation from the Issuer that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the disbursement of the net proceeds to the Issuer;
(xii) satisfactory documentation in the form of a funds flow evidencing that all existing Financial Indebtedness of the Group (save for the Permitted Financial Indebtedness) has been or will be prepaid in connection with the disbursement of funds to the Issuer and release letters confirming that all security and/or guarantees thereunder have been or will be released and discharged;
(xiii) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer holds 100 per cent, of the shares in each of Metacon AS and Alento AS;
(xiv) a duly executed copy of the share purchase agreement for the Issuer's acquisition of 100 per cent, of the shares of Alento AS;
(xv) the Transaction Security Documents duly executed and perfected; and
(xvi) legal opinions or other statements as may be required by the Bond Trustee (including in respect of corporate matters relating to the Issuer and the legality, validity and enforceability of these Bond Terms and the Finance Documents).
(b) The Bond Trustee, acting in its reasonable discretion, may, regarding this Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer), waive the requirements for documentation, or decide in its discretion that delivery of certain documents shall be made subject to an agreed closing procedure between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer.
6.2 Distribution Disbursement of the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds is conditional on the Bond Trustee's confirmation to the Paying Agent that the conditions in Clause 6.1 (Conditions precedent for disbursement to the Issuer) have been either satisfied in the Bond Trustee's discretion or waived by the Bond Trustee pursuant to paragraph (b) of Clause 6.1 above.
6.3 Tap Issues The Issuer may issue Additional Bonds if;
(a) the Bond Trustee has executed a Tap Issue Addendum; and
19

(b) the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 (Representations and Warranties) of these Bond Terms are true and correct in all material respects and repeated by the Issuer as at the date of issuance of such Additional Bonds; and
(c) the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test tested pro fonna including the new Financial Indebtedness incurred as a result of issuing such Additional Bonds.
7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Issuer makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 (Representations and warranties), in respect of itself to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) at the following times and with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing:
(a) at the date of these Bond Terms;
(b) at the Issue Date; and
(c) at the date of issuance of any Additional Bonds.
7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations These Bond Terms and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of these Bond Terms and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
7.5 No Event of Default (i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under these Bond Tenns or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
20

(ii) No other event or circumstance has occurred which constitutes (or with the expiry of any grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by these Bond Terms,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.7 Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Reports Its most recent Financial Reports fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the most recent Financial Reports, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the Bondholders or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of the issuance of the Bonds was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under these Bond Terms.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document to which it is a party ranks as set out in Clause 2.4.
21

7.13 Security
No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with these Bond Terms.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1 Covenant to pay
(a) The Issuer will unconditionally make available to or to the order of the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent all amounts due on each Payment Date pursuant to the terms of these Bond Terms at such times and to such accounts as specified by the Bond Trustee and/or the Paying Agent in advance of each Payment Date or when other payments are due and payable pursuant to these Bond Terms.

(b) All payments to the Bondholders in relation to the Bonds shall be made to each Bondholder registered as such in the CSD at the Relevant Record Date, by, if no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee, crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD.

(c) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Bond Terms will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.

(d) If a Payment Date or a date for other payments to the Bondholders pursuant to the Finance Documents falls on a day on which either of the relevant CSD settlement system or the relevant currency settlement system for the Bonds are not open, the payment shall be made on the first following possible day on which both of the said systems are open, unless any provision to the contrary have been set out for such payment in the relevant Finance Document.

8.2 Default interest
(a) Default interest will accrue on any Overdue Amount from and including the Payment Date on which it was first due to and excluding the date on which the payment is made at the Interest Rate plus an additional three (3) per cent, per annum.

(b) Default interest accrued on any Overdue Amount pursuant to this Clause 8.2 (Default interest) will be added to the Overdue Amount on each Interest Payment Date until the Overdue Amount and default interest accrued thereon have been repaid in full.

(c) Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, any principal amount outstanding under these Bonds Terms shall be considered an Overdue Amount in accordance with paragraph (a) above for as long as such Listing Failure Event is continuing.

22

8.3 Partial Payments (a) If the Paying Agent or the Bond Trustee receives a Partial Payment, such Partial Payment shall, in respect of the Issuer's debt under the Finance Documents be considered made for discharge of the debt of the Issuer in the following order of priority:
(i) firstly, towards any outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses of the Bond Trustee (and any Security Agent);
(ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid; and
(iii) thirdly, towards any principal amount due but unpaid.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, any Partial Payment which is distributed to the Bondholders, shall, after the above mentioned deduction of outstanding fees, liabilities and expenses, be applied (i) firstly towards any principal amount due but unpaid and (ii) secondly, towards accrued interest due but unpaid, in the following situations;
(i) the Bond Trustee has served a Default Notice in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Acceleration of the Bonds), or
(ii) as a result of a resolution according to Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions).
8.4 Taxation (b) The Issuer shall not be liable to gross-up any payments in relation to the Finance Documents by virtue of withholding tax, public levy or similar taxes.
(a) Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer shall not be responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
8.5 Currency (a) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2.1 {Amount, denomination and ISIN o f the Bonds). If, however, the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account.
(b) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its account manager in the CSD) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
23

8.6 Set-off and counterclaims
The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to these Bond Terms or any other Finance Document.

9.

INTEREST

9.1 Calculation of interest
(a) Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.

(b) Interest will accrue on the Nominal Amount of any Additional Bond for each Interest Period starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the issuance of the Additional Bonds (or, if the date of the issuance is not an Interest Payment Date and there is no Interest Payment Date prior to such date of issuance, starting with the Interest Period commencing on the Issue Date).

(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). The Interest Rate will be reset at each Interest Quotation Day by the Bond Trustee, who will notify the Issuer and the Paying Agent and, if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange, of the new Interest Rate and the actual number of calendar days for the next Interest Period.

9.2 Payment of interest
Interest shall fall due on each Interest Payment Date for the corresponding preceding Interest Period and, with respect to accrued interest on the principal amount then due and payable, on each Repayment Date.

10. REDEMPTION ANDREPURCHASE OF BONDS
10.1 Redemption of Bonds The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the Nomina] Amount.

10.2 Voluntary early redemption - CallOption
(a) The Issuer may redeem Outstanding Bonds (in whole or in part) (the "Call Option") on any Business Day from and including:

(i) the Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount;

(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in December 2020 at a price equal to 102 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;

(iii) Interest Payment Date in December 2020 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond.

24

(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date. Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
(d) Any Call Option exercised in part will be used for pro rata payment to the Bondholders in accordance with the applicable regulations of the CSD.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholders holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than 20 calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice.
10.4 Qualified Event - Mandatory Buy Back Offer Upon the occurrence of a Qualified Event, the following applies:
(a) the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee and give reasonable details thereof ("Qualified Event Notice");
(b) the Issuer may, in the Qualified Event Notice, notify the Bond Trustee that the net cash proceeds received in connection with the Qualified Event (or parts thereof) is intended to be re-invested by the Issuer or one or several Group Companies in real
25

estate, operating assets and/or ownership interest in another Person by no later than 180 days after receipt of the relevant net proceeds ("Reinvested");
(c) if:
i. the Qualified Event Notice does not specify that the net cash proceeds (or parts thereof) are to be Reinvested; or
ii. the net cash proceeds (or the relevant parts thereof) have not been Reinvested (or legally committed to be Reinvested) within 180 days,
each Bondholder will have a right to sell, and the Issuer will be obligated to buy back, Bonds during a period of 30 days following the Qualified Event Notice or expiry of the 180 dayperiod (as the case may be) at 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, plus accrued interest up to and including the settlement date for such offer ("Mandatory Buy Back Offer"). Each such Mandatory Buy Back Offer shall be limited to the lower of (a) the net proceeds received by the relevant Group Company in connection with the Qualified Event, (b) the part of the relevant net proceeds not designated to be Reinvested and (c) the part of the relevant net proceeds not Reinvested (or legally committed to be Reinvested) within the 180 day-period. The mandatory buy back amount shall be distributed pro rata in accordance with the procedures of the CSD between the Bondholders that have decided to sell Bonds in the Mandatory Buy Back Offer.
11. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 11.1 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may purchase and hold Bonds and such Bonds may be retained, or sold (but not cancelled) in the Issuer's sole discretion, (including with respect to Bonds purchased pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event).
11.2 Restrictions (a) Certain purchase or selling restrictions may apply to Bondholders under applicable local laws and regulations from time to time. Neither the Issuer nor the Bond Trustee shall be responsible to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations and each Bondholder is responsible for ensuring compliance with the relevant laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
(b) A Bondholder who has purchased Bonds in breach of applicable restrictions may, notwithstanding such breach, benefit from the rights attached to the Bonds pursuant to these Bond Terms (including, but not limited to, voting rights), provided that the Issuer shall not incur any additional liability by complying with its obligations to such Bondholder.
12. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS 12.1 Financial Reports
(a) The Issuer shall prepare Annual Financial Statements in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant infonnation
26

platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year.
(b) The Issuer shall prepare Interim Accounts in the English language and make them available on its website (alternatively on another relevant information platform) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period, first time for the quarter ending on 30 June 2018.
12.2 Requirements as to Financial Reports (a) The Issuer shall supply to the Bond Trustee, in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports pursuant to Clause 12.1 {Financial Reports), a Compliance Certificate with a copy of the relevant Financial Report attached thereto. The Compliance Certificate shall be duly signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Issuer, certifying inter alia that the relevant Financial Report is fairly representing its financial condition as at the date of those financial statements.
(b) The Issuer shall procure that the Financial Reports delivered pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Financial Reports) are prepared using GAAP consistently applied.
12.3 Put Option Event The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee in writing as soon as possible after becoming aware that a Put Option Event has occurred.
12.4 Information: Miscellaneous The Issuer shall:
(a) promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default or any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or could reasonably be expected to understand may lead to an Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds (to the best of its knowledge, having made due and appropriate enquiries);
(c) send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bonds, and any changes to such rating;
(f) inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the CSD;
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's and the Group's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request; and
27

(h) The Issuer shall provide to the Bond Trustee a compliance certificate in connection with any transaction or series of transactions requiring compliance with the Incurrence Test (in which case the compliance certificate shall also contain calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test).
13. GENERAL AND FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that the other Group Companies will) comply with the undertakings set forth in this Clause 13 (General and financial Undertakings).
13.1 Distributions The Issuer shall not declare or make any Distributions except for Permitted Distributions.
13.2 Mergers and de-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, undertake or carry out (a) any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving the consolidation of assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other person other than another Group Company, or (b) any demerger or other corporate reorganisation having the same or equivalent effect as a demerger involving the Issuer or any other Group Company if such merger, demerger, combination or reorganisation would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.3 Acquisitions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, business or undertaking, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Disposals The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or operations, except for Permitted Disposals.
13.5 Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, incur or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness, other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
13.6 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its present or future assets, except for Permitted Security.
13.7 Financial support The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will, (a) be the creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness or (b) incur or allow to remain outstanding any guarantee in respect of any obligation of any other Person, except for Permitted Financial Support.
28

13.8 Continuation of business
The Issuer shall ensure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the Issue Date.

13.9 Holding company The Issuer shall not trade, carry on any business or own any material assets, except for:

(i) the provision of administrative services to other members of the Group of a type customarily provided by a holding company;

(ii) ownership of shares in any company;

(iii) cash and cash equivalent investments; and

(iv) any intra-Group loan or claim constituting Permitted Financial Support.

13.10

Insurances
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, maintain insurances on and in relation to its business and assets against those risks and to the extent as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business.

13.11

Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any Person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.12

Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation, its jurisdiction of incorporation or its residency for tax purposes, except for a conversion of the Issuer from a private limited liability company (Nw. "aksjeselskap") to a public limited liability company (Nw. "allmennaksjeselskap").

13.13

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other members of the Group will, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time to the extent that failure to comply with such laws and regulations would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.14

Subsidiary distribution
The Issuer shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Terms.

13.15

Debt Service Account
The Issuer shall ensure that the Debt Service Account is pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), blocked and funded with proceeds from the Bond Issue to cover interest payments under the Bonds for 24 months after the Issue Date

29

(calculated as of the Issue Date). If the Issuer makes a Tap Issue, the Debt Service Account shall be funded as set out in Clause 2.3(b) (Use o f Proceeds). Funds transferred to the Debt Service Account in accordance with Clause 2.3(a)(i) and 2.3(b)(i) may only be used to service interest payments.

13.16

Incurrence Test
The incurrence test is met if the Leverage Ratio is not greater than 3.00:1.00 and the Interest Cover Ratio is equal to or above 3.00:1.00 (the "Incurrence Test").

The calculation of the Leverage Ratio shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no earlier than one month prior to the event(s) relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test.

The Total Net Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but take into account, on a pro forma basis, any transaction in respect of which the Incurrence Test is made so that:

(a) the full commitment of any new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, but any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such Financial Indebtedness shall be disregarded; and

(b) the amount of any Permitted Distribution shall increase Total Net Debt.

The figures for the Adjusted EBITDA for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the financial quarter immediately prior to the testing date (unless the testing date is the last day of a financial quarter) shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

(i) entities or operations acquired or disposed by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period;

(ii) any entity or operation to be acquired with the proceeds from the relevant new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and

(iii) the Adjusted EBITDA shall include the effect of reasonable synergies and cost savings achievable for the Group within 12 months as a result of the relevant acquisition, as reasonably projected by the Issuer and certified by the Group's Chief Financial Officer, provided that any adjustment in accordance with the aforementioned does not exceed 10 per cent, of the consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Group (after the relevant acquisition).

For the purpose of calculating pro forma Interest Cover Ratio on the relevant testing date the Adjusted EBITDA and net interest expenses of the Group shall be determined based on the Relevant Period ending on the most recent financial quarter prior to the relevant testing date; but so that the net interest expenses of the Group for such Relevant Period shall in case of the incurrence of additional Financial Indebtedness:

30

(i) be increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the net interest expenses attributable to the additional Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Group, assuming that the new Financial Indebtedness had been incurred on the first day of that Relevant Period; and
(ii) be reduced on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the net interest expenses directly attributable to any Financial Indebtedness of the Group that will be repaid, repurchased or defeased with the additional Financial Indebtedness.
14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS 14.1 Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14.1 shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents when such amount is due for payment, unless:
(i) its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error in payment systems or the CSD and payment is made within five (5) Business Days following the original due date; or
(ii) in the discretion of the Bond Trustee, the Issuer has substantiated that it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents other than set out under paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above, unless such' failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days after the earlier of the Issuer's actual knowledge thereof, or notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee
(c) Misrepresentation
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under or in connection with any Finance Documents is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made, unless the circumstances giving rise to the misrepresentation are capable of remedy and are remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice to the Issuer or the Issuer becoming aware of such misrepresentation.
(d) Cross acceleration
If for any Group Company:
31

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any applicable grace period; or
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described),
provided however that (a) the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iii) above exceeds a total of NOK 5,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) and (b) a breach of paragraphs (i) to (iii) shall not be considered as an Event of Default under the Bond Terms if it is obvious that such event will not have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Terms.
(e) Insolvency and insolvencyproceedings
Any Group Company:
(i) is Insolvent; or
(ii) is object of any corporate action or any legal proceedings is taken in relation to:
(A) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than a solvent liquidation or reorganization; or
(B) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor which may materially impair its ability to perform its payment obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(C) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(D) enforcement of any Security over any of its or their assets having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross acceleration) above; or
(E) for (A) - (D) above, any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any such company,
however this shall not apply to any petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within twenty (20) Business Days of commencement.
(f) Creditor's process
32

Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of any Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding the threshold amount set out in paragraph 14.1 (d) (Cross acceleration) above and is not discharged within twenty (20) Business Days.
(g) Unlawfulness
It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Finance Documents to the extent this may materially impair:
(i) the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under these Bond Terms; or
(ii) the ability of the Bond Trustee or any Security Agent to exercise any material right or power vested to it under the Finance Documents.
14.2 Acceleration of the Bonds If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may, in its discretion in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, or upon instruction received from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 14.3 (Bondholders ' instructions) below, by serving a Default Notice:
(a) declare that the Outstanding Bonds, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, at which time they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or
(b) exercise (or direct the Security Agent to exercise) any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions under the Finance Documents or take such further measures as are necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents.
14.3 Bondholders' instructions The Bond Trustee shall serve a Default Notice pursuant to Clause 14.2 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing from Bondholders representing a simple majority of the Voting Bonds, that an Event of Default shall be declared, and a Bondholders' Meeting has not made a resolution to the contrary; or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting, by a simple majority decision, has approved the declaration of an Event of Default.
14.4 Calculation of claim The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of the serving of a Default Notice will be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2 ( Voluntary early redemption - Call Option) as applicable at the following dates (and regardless of the Default Repayment Date set out in the Default Notice):
(i) for any Event of Default arising out of a breach of Clause 14.1 (.Events o f Default) paragraph (a) (Non-payment), the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when such Event of Default occurred; and
33

(ii) for any other Event of Default, the claim will be calculated at the price applicable at the date when the Default Notice was served by the Bond Trustee.
15. BONDHOLDERS' DECISIONS 15.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
(a) A Bondholders' Meeting may, on behalf of the Bondholders, resolve to alter any of these Bond Terms, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.
(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
(c) The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.
(d) Subject to the power of the Bond Trustee to take certain action as set out in Clause 16.1 (Power to represent the Bondholders), if a resolution by, or an approval of, the Bondholders is required, such resolution may be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at any Bondholders' Meeting will be binding upon all Bondholders.
(e) At least 50 per cent, of the Voting Bonds must be represented at a Bondholders' Meeting for a quorum to be present.
(f) Resolutions will be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in paragraph (g) below.
(g) Save for any amendments or waivers which can be made without resolution pursuant to Clause 17.1 {Procedure for amendments and waivers) paragraph (a), section (i) and (ii), a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for approval of any waiver or amendment of any provisions of these Bond Terms, including a change of Issuer and change of Bond Trustee,
15.2 Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be convened by the Bond Trustee upon the request in writing of:
(i) the Issuer;
(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;
(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed and the Exchange is entitled to do so pursuant to the general rules and regulations of the Exchange; or
(iv) the Bond Trustee.
The request shall clearly state the matters to be discussed and resolved.
34

(b) If the Bond Trustee has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request for calling a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to paragraph (a) above, then the re-questing party may itself call the Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) Summons to a Bondholders' Meeting must be sent no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the proposed date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Summons shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD. If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Summons is published in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Exchange. The Summons shall also be published on the website of the Bond Trustee (alternatively by press release or other relevant information platform).
(d) Any Summons for a Bondholders' Meeting must clearly state the agenda for the Bondholders' Meeting and the matters to be resolved. The Bond Trustee may include additional agenda items to those requested by the person calling for the Bondholders' Meeting in the Summons. If the Summons contains proposed amendments to these Bond Terms, a description of the proposed amendments must be set out in the Summons.
(e) Items which have not been included in the Summons may not be put to a vote at the Bondholders' Meeting.
(f) By written notice to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee may prohibit the Issuer from acquiring or dispose of Bonds during the period from the date of the Summons until the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, unless the acquisition of Bonds is made by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o fBonds).
(g) A Bondholders' Meeting may be held on premises selected by the Bond Trustee, or if paragraph (b) above applies, by the person convening the Bondholders' Meeting (however to be held in the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction). The Bondholders' Meeting will be opened and, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting will be opened by a Bondholder and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting (the Bond Trustee or such other representative, the "Chairperson").
(h) Each Bondholder, the Bond Trustee and, if the Bonds are listed, representatives of the Exchange, or any person or persons acting under a power of attorney for a Bondholder, shall have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting (each a "Representative"). The Chairperson may grant access to the meeting to other persons not being Representatives, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. In addition, each Representative has the right to be accompanied by an advisor. In case of dispute or doubt with regard to whether a person is a Representative or entitled to vote, the Chairperson will decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and exercise voting rights.
(i) Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders Meeting may resolve to exclude the Issuer's representatives and/or any
35

person holding only Issuer's Bonds (or any representative of such person) from participating in the meeting at certain times, however, the Issuer's representative and any such other person shall have the right to be present during the voting.
(j) Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting must be recorded by, or by someone acting at the instruction of, the Chairperson. The minutes must state the number of Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the results of the vote on the matters to be decided at the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chaiiperson and at least one other person. The minutes will be deposited with the Bond Trustee who shall make available a copy to the Bondholders and the Issuer upon request.
(k) The Bond Trustee will ensure that the Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange are notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting and that the resolutions are published on the website of the Bond Trustee (or other relevant electronically platform or press release).
(l) The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with convening a Bondholders' Meeting regardless of who has convened the Bondholders' Meeting, including any reasonable costs and fees incurred by the Bond Trustee.
15.3 Voting rules (a) Each Bondholder (or person acting for a Bondholder under a power of attorney) may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned on the Relevant Record Date, ref. Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights). The Chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide on accepted evidence of ownership of Voting Bonds.
(b) Issuer's Bonds shall not carry any voting rights. The Chairperson shall determine any question concerning whether any Bonds will be considered Issuer's Bonds.
(c) For the purposes of this Clause 15 (Bondholders' decisions), a Bondholder that has a Bond registered in the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Clause 3.3 (Bondholders 'rights), be deemed to be the owner of the Bond rather than the nominee. No vote may be cast by any nominee if the Bondholder has presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights) stating that it is the owner of the Bonds voted for. If the Bondholder has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Bonds, the Bondholder's votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same Bonds.
(d) Any of the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder has the right to demand a vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the Chairperson will have the deciding vote.
15.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting (a) Even if the necessary quorum set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders ' Meeting) is not achieved, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording the voting results in the minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee or the person who convened the initial
36

Bondholders' Meeting may, within ten (10) Business Days of that Bondholders' Meeting, convene a repeated meeting with the same agenda as the first meeting.
(b) The provisions and procedures regarding Bondholders' Meetings as set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders'Meeting) and Clause 15.3 {Voting rules) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, with the exception that the quorum requirements set out in paragraph (d) of Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) shall not apply to a repeated Bondholders' Meeting. A Summons for a repeated Bondholders' Meeting shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may only be convened once for each original Bondholders' Meeting. A repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a Written Resolution in accordance with Clause 15.5 {Written Resolutions), even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to the procedures of a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting) and vice versa.
15.5 Written Resolutions (a) Subject to these Bond Terms, anything which may be resolved by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting) may also be resolved by way of a Written Resolution. A Written Resolution passed with the relevant majority is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any Finance Document to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be construed accordingly.
(b) The person requesting a Bondholders' Meeting may instead request that the relevant matters are to be resolved by Written Resolution only, unless the Bond Trustee decides otherwise.
(c) The Summons for the Written Resolution shall be sent to the Bondholders registered in the CSD at the time the Summons is sent from the CSD and published at the Bond Trustee's web site, or other relevant electronic platform or via press release.
(d) The provisions set out in Clause 15.1 {Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting), 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholder's Meeting), Clause 15.3 {Voting Rules) and Clause 15.4 {Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a Written Resolution, except that:
(i) the provisions set out in paragraphs (g), (h) and (i) of Clause 15.2 {Procedurefor arranging Bondholders Meetings)', or
(ii) provisions which are otherwise in conflict with the requirements of this Clause 15.5 {Written Resolution),
shall not apply to a Written Resolution.
(e) The Summons for a Written Resolution shall include:
37

(i) instructions as to how to vote to each separate item in the Summons (including instructions as to how voting can be done electronically if relevant); and
(ii) the time limit within which the Bond Trustee must have received all votes necessary in order for the Written Resolution to be passed with the requisite majority (the "Voting Period"), such Voting Period to be at least three (3) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons, provided however that the Voting Period for a Written Resolution summoned pursuant to Clause 15.4 (.Repeated Bondholders' Meeting) shall be at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than fifteen (15) Business Days from the date of the Summons.
(f) Only Bondholders of Voting Bonds registered with the CSD on the Relevant Record Date, or the beneficial owner thereof having presented relevant evidence to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 3.3 (Bondholders' rights), will be counted in the Written Resolution.
(g) A Written Resolution is passed when the requisite majority set out in paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of Clause 15.1 (Authority o f Bondholders ' Meeting) has been achieved, based on the total number of Voting Bonds, even if the Voting Period has not yet expired. A Written Resolution may also be resolved if the sufficient numbers of negative votes are received prior to the expiry of the Voting Period.
(h) The effective date of a Written Resolution passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period is the date when the resolution is approved by the last Bondholder that results in the necessary voting majority being achieved.
(i) If no resolution is passed prior to the expiry of the Voting Period, the number of votes shall be calculated at the close of business on the last day of the Voting Period, and a decision will be made based on the quorum and majority requirements set out in paragraphs (d) to (f) of Clause 15.^Authority o f Bondholders 'Meeting).
16. THE BOND TRUSTEE
16.1 Power to represent the Bondholders (a) The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of these Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others.
(b) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, information and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its and the Bondholders' rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
16.2 The duties and authority of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, by following up on the delivery of any Compliance
38

Certificates and such other documents which the Issuer is obliged to disclose or deliver to the Bond Trustee pursuant to the Finance Documents and, when relevant, in relation to accelerating and enforcing the Bonds on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or any other Obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in these Bond Terms, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the valid execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or for any discrepancy between the indicative terms and conditions described in any marketing material presented to the Bondholders prior to issuance of the Bonds and the provisions of these Bond Terms.
(c) The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee may submit any instructions received by it from the Bondholders to a Bondholders' Meeting before the Bond Trustee takes any action pursuant to the instruction.
(d) The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Bond Trustee shall hold all amounts recovered on behalf of the Bondholders on separated accounts.
(f) The Bond Trustee will ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, provided, however, that the Bond Trustee may refuse to implement resolutions that may be in conflict with these Bond Terms, any other Finance Document, or any applicable law.
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(h) If the cost, loss or liability which the Bond Trustee may incur (including reasonable fees payable to the Bond Trustee itself) in:
(i) complying with instructions of the Bondholders; or
(ii) taking any action at its own initiative,
will not, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, be covered by the Issuer or the relevant Bondholders pursuant to paragraphs (e) and (g) of Clause 16.4 {Expenses, liability and indemnity), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or refrain from taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
39

(i) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
(j) The Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD to split the Bonds to a lower nominal amount in order to facilitate partial redemptions, restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.
16.3 Equality and conflicts of interest (a) The Bond Trustee shall not make decisions which will give certain Bondholders an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee may act as agent, trustee, representative and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties.
16.4 Expenses, liability and indemnity (a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for any indirect or consequential loss. Irrespective of the foregoing, the Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions given by the Bondholders in accordance with these Bond Terms.
(b) Any liability for the Bond Trustee for damage or loss is limited to the amount of the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or any other person.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently in:
(i) acting in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts; or
(ii) taking, delaying or omitting any action if acting with reasonable care and provided the Bond Trustee considers that such action is in the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) The Issuer is liable for, and will indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees and agents) in connection with the performance of the Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Bonds, the entering into or performance under the Finance
40

Documents, and for as long as any amounts are outstanding under or pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(e) The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with it fulfilling its obligations under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's obligations under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. The fees of the Bond Trustee will be further set out in the Bond Trustee Fee Agreement.
(f) The Issuer shall on demand by the Bond Trustee pay all costs incurred for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the puipose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or any of the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may constitute or lead to a breach of any of the Finance Documents or otherwise be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(g) Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which are not reimbursed in any other way due to an Event of Default, the Issuer being Insolvent or similar circumstances pertaining to any Obligors, may be covered by making an equal reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection therewith. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Transaction Security, and to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses from those funds.
(h) As a condition to effecting any instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3 (Bondholders' instructions) or Clause 15.2 {Procedure for arranging a Bondholders' Meeting)), the Bond Trustee may require satisfactory Security, guarantees and/or indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses from those Bondholders who have given that instruction and/or who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee.
16.5 Replacement of the Bond Trustee (a) The Bond Trustee may be replaced according to the procedures set out in Clause 15 {Bondholders' Decisions), and the Bondholders may resolve to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case a successor Bond Trustee shall be elected pursuant to this Clause 16.5 {Replacement o f the Bond Trustee), initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
(c) If the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, or otherwise is permanently unable to fulfil its obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to have resigned and a successor Bond Trustee shall be appointed in accordance with this
41

Clause 16.5 (Replacement o f the Bond Trustee).The Issuer may appoint a temporary Bond Trustee until a new Bond Trustee is elected in accordance with paragraph (a) above.
(d) The change of Bond Trustee's shall only take effect upon execution of all necessary actions to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee, and the retiring Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to such effect. The retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents from the change takes effect, but shall remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The retiring Bond Trustee remains entitled to any benefits and any unpaid fees or expenses under the Finance Documents before the change has taken place.
(e) Upon change of Bond Trustee the Issuer shall co-operate in all reasonable manners without delay to replace the retiring Bond Trustee with the successor Bond Trustee and release the retiring Bond Trustee from any future obligations under the Finance Documents and any other documents.
16.6 Security Agent (a) The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bonds, unless any other person is appointed. The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under the Transaction Security Documents with respect to the Transaction Security on the basis of information made available to it pursuant to the Finance Documents.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall, when acting as Security Agent for the Bonds, at all times maintain and keep all certificates and other documents received by it, that are bearers of right relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for or required to insure against any loss incurred in connection with such safe custody.
(c) Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.
(d) The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent Agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other paity to a Finance Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters, whether or not a separate Security Agent Agreement has been entered into.
(e) The provisions set out in Clause 16.4 (Expenses, liability and indemnity) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any expenses and liabilities of the Security Agent in connection with the Finance Documents.
42

16.7 Facilitation of refinancings The Bond Trustee is, for the purpose of facilitating a refinancing of the Bond Issue, irrevocably authorised to:
(a) waive any notice period in relation to the exercise of the call option provided that the Issuer pays the interest which would have been payable by it in that period; and
(b) notwithstanding any restriction in the Bond Terms, accept the incurrence by the Issuer (or another Group Company) of Financial Indebtedness for the purpose of refinancing the Bond Issue, and the granting of security and/or guarantees for such Financial Indebtedness, provided that such debt is fully subordinated to amounts owing under or in connection with the Bond Issue and the relevant holder of such security and/or guarantee undertakes not to exercise any of its/their rights in respect thereof, unless and until the Bond Issue has been repaid in full.
17. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 17.1 Procedure for amendments and waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the Bondholders in any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Bondholders 'Decisions).
(b) Any changes to these Bond Terms necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee shall be documented in an amendment to these Bond Terms, signed by the Bond Trustee (in its discretion). If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Transaction Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
17.2 Authority with respect to documentation If the Bondholders have resolved the substance of an amendment to any Finance Document, without resolving on the specific or final form of such amendment, the Bond Trustee shall be considered authorised to draft, approve and/or finalise (as applicable) any required documentation or any outstanding matters in such documentation without any further approvals or involvement from the Bondholders being required.
43

17.3 Notification of amendments or waivers The Bond Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with this Clause 17 {Amendments and waivers), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendment to these Bond Terms is duly registered with the CSD.
18. MISCELLANEOUS 18.1 Limitation of claims
All claims under the Finance Documents for payment, including interest and principal, will be subject to the legislation regarding time-bar provisions of the Relevant Jurisdiction.
18.2 Access to information (a) These Bond Terms will be made available to the public and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee will not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or any other person, and the Bondholders have no right to obtain information from the Bond Trustee, other than as explicitly stated in these Bond Terms or pursuant to statutory provisions of law.
(b) In order to carry out its functions and obligations under these Bond Terms, the Bond Trustee will have access to the relevant information regarding ownership of the Bonds, as recorded and regulated with the CSD.
(c) The information referred to in paragraph (b) above may only be used for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.
18.3 Notices, contact information Written notices to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee will be sent to the Bondholders via the CSD with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed). Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made via the CSD, when sent from the CSD.
(a) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders will be sent to the Bondholders via the Bond Trustee or through the CSD with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange (if the Bonds are listed).
(b) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with these Bond Terms between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer will be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication will be deemed to be given or made as follows:
(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant party;
(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and
(iii) if by fax, when received.
44

(c) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall each ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.
(d) When determining deadlines set out in these Bond Terms, the following will apply (unless otherwise stated):
(i) if the deadline is set out in days, the first day of the relevant period will not be included and the last day of the relevant period will be included;
(ii) if the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline will end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline will be the last day of such month; and
(iii) if a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.
18.4 Defeasance (a) Subject to paragraph (b) below and provided that:
(i) an amount sufficient for the payment of principal and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to the Maturity Date (including, to the extent applicable, any premium payable upon exercise of the Call Option), and always subject to paragraph (c) below (the "Defeasance Amount") is credited by the Issuer to an account in a financial institution acceptable to the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Account");
(ii) the Defeasance Account is irrevocably pledged and blocked in favour of the Bond Trustee on such terms as the Bond Trustee shall request (the "Defeasance Pledge"); and
(iii) the Bond Trustee has received such legal opinions and statements reasonably required by it, including (but not necessarily limited to) with respect to the validity and enforceability of the Defeasance Pledge,
then;
(A) the Issuer will be relieved from its obligations under Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) paragraph (a), Clause 12.3 {Put Option Event), Clause 12.4 {Information: Miscellaneous) and Clause 13 {General andfinancial undertakings)] and
(B) any Transaction Security shall be released and the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered replacement of the Transaction Security.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall be authorised to apply any amount credited to the Defeasance Account towards any amount payable by the Issuer under any Finance Document on
45

the due date for the relevant payment until all obligations of the Issuer and all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents are repaid and discharged in full.
(c) The Bond Trustee may, if the Defeasance Amount cannot be finally and conclusively determined, decide the amount to be deposited to the Defeasance Account in its discretion, applying such buffer amount as it deems required.
A defeasance established according to this Clause 18.4 may not be reversed.
19. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 19.1 Governing law
These Bond Terms are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
19.2 Main jurisdiction The Bond Trustee and the Issuer agree for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that the City Court of the capital of the Relevant Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction with respect to any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms. The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with these Bond Terms against the Issuer or any of its assets may be brought in such court.
19.3 Alternative jurisdiction Clause 19 {Governing law andjurisdiction) is for the exclusive benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee have the right:
(a) to commence proceedings against the Issuer or any of its assets in any court in any jurisdiction; and
(b) to commence such proceedings, including enforcement proceedings, in any competent jurisdiction concurrently.

000'

These Bond Terms have been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall retain one each.

The Issuer:

SIGNATURES: As Bond Trustee and Security Agent:

46

47

SCHEDULE 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
[date] Frigaard Property Group AS FRN senior secured NOK 600,000,000 bonds 2018/2021 ISIN NO 0010826092 We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Pursuant to Clause 12.2(a) of the Bond Terms a Compliance Certificate shall be issued in connection with each delivery of Financial Statements to the Bond Trustee. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [·]. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. With reference to Clause 12.2 (Requirements as to Financial Reports) we hereby certify that all information delivered under cover of this Compliance Certificate is true and accurate and there has been no material adverse change to the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you. Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed. [The Incurrence Test set out in Clause 13.16 {Incurrence Test) are met. please see the calculations and figures in respect of the ratios attached hereto.] We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, no Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur.
Yours faithfully, Frigaard Property Group AS
Name o f authorisedperson Enclosure: Financial Statements; [and any other written documentation]
48

SCHEDULE 2 RELEASE NOTICE

Dear Sirs,

[date]

Frigaard Property Group AS FRN senior secured NOK 600,000,000 bonds 2018/2021 ISIN NO 0010826092

We refer to the Bond Terms for the above captioned Bonds made between Nordic Trustee AS as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders and the undersigned as Issuer. Capitalised terms used herein will have the same meaning as in the Bond Terms. We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to release an amount of NOK [amount] to be applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Terms, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount. We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or is likely to occur as a result of the release from the Escrow Account, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Terms as being still true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof.
Yours faithfully, Frigaard Property Group AS
Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

49

