ISINNO 001 0538119
BOND AGREEMENT between
Eitzen Maritime Services ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
13,15% Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk TiHUsmann ASA
3 8 9 9 9 10 11 14 14 15 16 18 18 22 23 25 28 30

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 21 September 2009 between
(1) Eitzen Maritime Services ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No, 969031140 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have tire following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Assets" mean any current substantial assets owned by the Issuer or the Guarantors and including the Real Estates.
"A ttachm ent" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreem ent" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"B ondholder" means holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"B ondholders' M eeting" means meetings of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o f Business Day).

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Cash or Cash Equivalents" means the balance sheet positions booked as cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Call O ption" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Call Schedule" means the call schedule set out in Clause 10.2.1.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings of whatever nature.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect o f conferring security.
"Equity" means the aggregate book value o f the Group's assets less the Group's liabilities (on a consolidated basis) in accordance with IFRS.
"Escrow Account" means account(s) in the name o f the Issuer, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour of the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2 and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
4

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA
"G earing ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt divided by the aggregate o f Equity and Subordinated Debt,
"G roup" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and (a) "Group Company/ies" means the Issuer and/or any of the Subsidiaries.
"G uarantees" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee {Norwegian "Selvskyldnergaranti") from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses.
"G uarantors" means;
e EMS Ship Supply (Spain) S:A., a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws o f Spain, with company registration number A0827777345 B-83135384, and
® Seven Seas Shipchandlers L.L.C, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of United Arab Emirates, with company registration number 216353.
"Interest Paym ent Date" means 19 May and 19 November each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"IFR S" means as set out in the definition of GAAP.
"ISIN " means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.
"Issue Date" means 22 September 2009.
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"M anager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or die Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability o f this Bond Agreement and die Security Documents.
"M aterial Subsidiary" means:
(i) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated assets represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated assets of die Group, or
(ii) any Subsidiary whose total consolidated net sales represent at least 5 % of the total consolidated net sales o f the Group, or
(iii) any other Subsidiary to which is transferred either (A) all or substantially all of the assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to the transfer
5

Norslt Tillitsmann ASA

was a Material Subsidiary or (B) sufficient assets of the Issuer that such Subsidiary would have been Material Subsidiary had the transfer occurred on or before the relevant date,
always provided that Subsidiaries not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or nets assets of the Group (as the case may be).
"M aturity Date" means 19 November 2012 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregated book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's gross interest hearing debt in accordance with IFRS less the Group's aggregated holdings on consolidated basis of Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency o f Norway.
"O bligor" means any of the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"O utstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.
"Q uarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Q uarterly Financial Reports" means die unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated management accounts o f the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Real Estates" means warehouses, offices and employee accommodations owned by any Group Company, at Issue Date, limited to;
©warehouse and employee accommodation in Dubai Investment Park, Dubai, United Arab Emirates,
· warehouse in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates ©warehouse in Djibouti ©warehouse in Algeciras, Spain
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.

6

\$h±fig

Norsli Tillitsmann ASA
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bonds are registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security Documents" means the Guarantees.
"Security Interests" means any Encumbrances or other security (hereunder any guarantee) created (or to be created) by the Security Documents securing the obligations of the Obligor under this Bond Agreement
"Senior Debt" means senior bank debt being a USD 40 million revolving reducing credit facility, or any facility replacing this facility and senior bond debt,
"Subordinated Debt" means debt subordinated to senior debt on consolidated basis booked according to IFRS.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall he construed accordingly.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means Outstanding Bonds less Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;
7

Norsk Tiflitsmann ASA

(f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board o f directors o f the Issuer or to direct the management and policies o f an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and
(h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body o f persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bond bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as the initial Bondholders in the subscription agreements granted authority to the Bond Tiustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on their behalf while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of tills Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in talcing transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered in the Securities Register, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 300,000,000 (Norwegian kroner threehundredmillion).

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 10,000 each and rank pari passu.

The Bond Issue will be described as " 13.15% Eitzen Maritime Services ASA Callable Bond Issue 2009/2012".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0538119.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be employed for refinancing and general corporate purposes.

8

3

Listing

Norsk TillUsmann ASA

3.1 The Issuer may apply for listing on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("A B M ").
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration o f the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

S

Purchase and transferof Bonds

5.1 Eligible purchasers
5.1.1 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. In addition to the subscription agreement each initial purchaser will be required to execute, each US investor that wishes to purchase Bonds, will be required to execute and deliver to the Issuer a certification in a form determined by the Issuer, stating, among other things, that the purchaser is a QIB.
5.1.2 The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
5.2 Transfer restrictions
5.2.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5.2 and any other restrictions that may be imposed on Bondholders by local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business), the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5.2.2

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bond except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the US Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the US Securities Act, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the US Securities Act provided by Rule 144 there under (if available).

5.2.3 The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar' documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies o f (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer,
(e) the last Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report,
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing die EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public autiiorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation from the Issuer in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

10

Norsk Tiliitsmann ASA

(k) copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in comiection with the Bond Issue;
(l) establishment o f the Escrow Account, duly executed by all pallies (including relevant acknowledge from the bank)

(m) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence for establishment of the Security Interests (and any insurance covering the Security Interests), including legal opinions satisfactory to the Bond Trustee,

(n) a corporate legal opinion for the Guarantors regarding (a) - (d) above.

6.2 The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d), (e), and (i) shall apply to the Obligor.
6.3 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds o f the Bond will be made available to the Issuer at Issue Date.

6.4 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.

6.5 The Bond Trustee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Issue.
6.6 Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled,

6.7 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation horn the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.6, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer, however, if all tire conditions set out in Clause 6.1 are not fulfilled at Issue Date, the net proceeds will be transferred to the Escrow Account, and released by the Bond Trustee upon fulfillment of the conditions.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 Any Obligor represents and warrants to tire Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:

(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and cany on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entiy into, performance and delivery o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such pallies, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer and for any Security Interest created, or to be created, by any Security Documents to constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable Security Interest in accordance with the terms and conditions o f such Security Document.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of die Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict widi (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o f Default No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving o f notice, lapse of time, determination o f materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any govermnental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in hill force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding o f or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities
12

Norsk Tilli (smann ASA
As o f the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date o f the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition o f the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group, and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a Material Adverse Effect.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectualproperty The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, hade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit of all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(p) Encumbrances No Encumbrances exists over any of the present assets of the Issuer or the Subsidiaries in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for the Obligor (except item (p) - if not stated otherwise under Clause 13) and are made on the execution date o f this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
13

Norsk Tiili (smana ASA

7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.
8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Guarantees.

9 Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 13.15 per cent per annum (the "Fixed R ate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 19 November 2009. The first interest period is 57 days.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect o f which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day o f the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day o f the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30day month, or (ii) the last day o f the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Fixed

Rate

x

Fixed Rate

Day Count Fraction

14



Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

10 M aturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity

The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in installments as follows:

Payment Date Interest Payment Date in November 2010 Interest Payment Date in May 2011 Interest Payment Date in November 2011 Interest Payment Date in May 2012 Maturity Date

Amount NOK 37,500,000 NOK 37,500,000 NOK 37,500,000 NOK 37,500,000 The rest of the Outstanding Bonds

Instalments must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):

(i) at any time from the Issue Date to, but not including the Interest Payment Date in November 2010 at 108% o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(ii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in November 2010, to but not including the Interest Payment Date in November 2011 at 105% o f par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);
(iii) at any time thereafter at 104% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least twenty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date o f the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Mandatory Redemption

15

Norsk Tiiiitsmanr) ASA

10.3.1

(i) If any Real Estates owned by the Group on the date o f the issue of the Bond loan, are sold, die Issuer shall use 100 % o f the consideration to redeem the Outstanding Bonds (including call premium and accrued interests). Redemption of Bonds shall take place at a price according to the Call Schedule.

(ii) If any other assets owned by any of the Group Companies are sold with a consideration greater thanNOK 25 million, all such consideration shall be used to redeem the Outstanding Bonds and the Senior Debt. 50 % o f such consideration shall be used to redeem the Outstanding Bonds (including call premium and accrued interests) and 50 % to redeem Senior Debt. If Senior Debt is redeemed before redemption o f the Bonds, 100% of the consideration shall be used to redeem the Outstanding Bonds (including call premium and accrued interests). Redemption of Bonds shall take place at a price according to the Call Schedule.

10.3.2 Mandatory Redemption shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption.

10.3.3

On file settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption, die Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount o f such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to and including the settlement date

10.3.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

II

Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreements by crediting the bank: account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies thanNOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on tire currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders1bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be considered to have been made at that date.

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11,2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOIC and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register last paragraph.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11A Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on tire relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points,.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2- 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders5accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

17

Norsk Tiilitsmann ASA

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged,

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in tins Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force horn the date of tins Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any Event o f Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements at least semi annually and make them available on its website in English language (including any Quarterly Financial Reports) (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end o f the second quarter (or, if quarterly reporting, the end of the relevant quarter);

(e) at die request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to; mergers, de mergers and reduction o f the Issuer's share capital or equity.

18

Norsk Tiilitsmann ASA

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to die Exchange (if listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of noncompliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranldng The Issuer's obligations under this Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all tunes rank at least paid passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, cany out any merger or other business combination or coiporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such b ansaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, carry out any de merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that each of the Material Subsidiaries
shall not cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from Ihat carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
13,4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 o f the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders( directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall cause all transactions between any Group Company and (i) any shareholder thereof not part of the Group, (ii) any director or senior member of management in any company in the Group, (iii) any company in which any company in the Group holds more than 10 per cent of the shares, or (iv) or any company, person or entity controlled by or affiliated with any of the foregoing, to be entered on commercial terms, not less favourable to the Group Company than would have prevailed in aims' length transaction with a third party.
All such transactions shall comply with all applicable provisions o f applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-8 of the Private and Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(c) Financial assistance The Issuer shall ensure that no loans, financial indebtedness, guarantees or other financial assistance are granted by any member o f the Group in favour any other entities in the Group or related party to the Group other than sellers credit arising from ordinary course of trading
(d) Ownership to Material Subsidiaries The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Material Subsidiaries, and shall cause each Material Subsidiary not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.
(e) Subsidiaries3distiibutions
20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders» (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer» make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer» except if provided in this Bond Agreement.
(f) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Material Subsidiary, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(g) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(h) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any: (a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been
or might be started by or against any Group Company; and (b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a
Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(i) Negative Pledge The Issuer shall not, not, and ensure that no member o f the Group shall, incur or maintain any credits, guarantees, indemnities, capital leases and other arrangements with commercial effect of borrowing secured by any Encumbrances over Assets currently directly owned by the Issuer or the Guarantors, other than (i) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of trading (e.g. security in relation to customs duty, rental agreements, agreements concerning purchase o f supplies or goods in die course of trading), or (ii) capitalized lease obligations incurred in connection with leases of trucks, racks and other minor assets of the Group, other than the maintenance of an existing secured loan facility in Singapore of approximately NOK 4 million until its original agreed maturity.
13.5 Financial and other Covenants
(a) Dividends and other distributions The Issuer shall not, within a calendar year*, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares (including any transaction with similar effect, including but not limited to total-return-swaps) or make other distributions or loans to its shareholders exceeding 50 per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit in the accounting year preceding the year of such distribution (any un-utilized dividend capacity may not be carried forward).
(b) Equity
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains Equity of NOIC 400 million or more.
(c) Gearing Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Gearing Ratio of 1.4 or less.
(d) Substantial Investments The Issuer shall ensure that any Substantial Investments of the Group shall be financed with at least 40 % of new share capital, whereas;
® "new shale capital" shall mean new share capital o f the Borrower raised through issuance of new shares or fully subordinated debt of the Borrower,
® "fully subordinated" means subordinated debt which contain provisions precluding payment of interest and any repayment of the principal during the tenor of the Loan, and
®"Substantial Investments" means any new corporate investments or other fixed capital investments with a total value of NOIC 25 million or higher, For the avoidance o f doubt Substantial Investments docs not include investment related to ordinary course of business e.g. customs duty, agreements concerning purchase of supplies or goods in the course of trading

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between tire Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to Issuer's insolvency or similar', are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

22

ISorsk TillHsmann ASA

IS

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of D efault") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.
(c) Cross default Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of NOK 10 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

23

Norsk Tillttsmami ASA
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any o f its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) Creditors3process Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary has a substantial proportion o f the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the lilce is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Material Subsidiary.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company or any Obligor which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any Group Company or any Obligor which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) Repudiation Any Obligor or a Material Subsidiary repudiates this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document, or evidences an intention to repudiate this Bond Agreement or another Finance Document.
15,2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare tire Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take eveiy measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Outstanding Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a Mandatory Prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the prices set out in the Call Schedule.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders3meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders ' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders3meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Tmstee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

25

Norsk Tillifsmann ASA

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 1 0 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings o f Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning o f a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. I f the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers o f Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives o f the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the Bond Trustee shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders *meetings

26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as Issuer's Bonds. Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority o f at least 2/3 o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds;
(b) transfer of rights and obligations o f this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at tire Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at tire Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders3meeting

16.4.1. If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16,3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17

The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone talcing action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that tire Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following tire dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents,

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given tire opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall He exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

29

Norsk TiliUsmann ASA

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so deshed by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security Interest (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o fBondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by tbe terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) tlie Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) tire Bond Trustee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise then individual rights derived kora the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) tire Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and that (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18,2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");

30

Norsk TiUifsmaim ASA
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Loan Trustee (Hie "Defeasance Pledge") hi such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment o f the pledge,
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor Hie Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate tfom its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors o f any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar- laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws o f the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:
(a) the Obligor shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (1).
31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account o f the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion o f the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required;

(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar* provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation A ctofM ay 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Tiustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to cany out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register tor the puiposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

32

Norsk TillHsmann ASA

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in wilting, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval o f all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by tire Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

. . . .j/fc.

f S t f ........ : ..............

By: 1 6 J O T A £ 5 £ £ \ M A l W « 0 Position:
La ~C> ^ rv s

By: Position:

33

....................

Attachment 1

Norsk Tilli (smarm ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P .0. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Eitzen Maritime Services ASA BONO AGREEMENT 2009/2012 - ISIN 001 0538119

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13,2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. in accordance with Clause 13.5 b), the Equity is XX,
3. in accordance with Clause 13.5 c), the Gearing Ratio is XX.
4. all other covenants set out in Clause 13 arc satisfied.
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.
Yours faithfully,
Eitzen Maritime Services ASA

Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

34

