ISINNO 001 039791.2
LOAN AGREEMENT between
Hansa Property Group ASA (Borrower) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Loan Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Hansa Property Group ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 Definitions

3

2 The Loan

7

3 Listing

7

4 Registration in a Securities Depository

8

5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee

8

6 Conditions Precedent

9

7 Representations and Warranties

10

8 Status of the Loan

11

9 Interest

11

10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option

12

11 Interest in the event of late payment

13

12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds

13

13 Covenants

13

14 Fees and expenses

16

15 Events o f Default

16

16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee

18

17 Procedural rules

20

18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

22

19 Change of Loan Trustee

22

20 Limitation

23

21 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18

22 Eligible purchaser and transfer restrictions

24

2

>- ... 'iB'V'*-
:u

;-h--

V";T! ·*,.. . --

This agreement (the "Loan Agreement") has been entered into on 15 november 2007 between

H ansa Properly G roup ASA (Norwegian Company No 991 349-677) as borrower (the-.

"Borrower") and N orsk Tillitsmann ASA (Norwegian Company No 963 342 624) as loan ^

.trustee (the "Loan Trustee")-----»i* - ·

"

~ --

.. ~ ^

Through their subscription in the Loan the Bondholders have acceded to the Loan Agreement ` (i.e.):

* The Bondholders are bound by the terms o f the Loan Agreement provided that information about the accession was given in the subscription documents.

* The Loan Trustee has through the Bondholders subscription been granted authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Loan Trustee or the Borrower. The Borrower shall ensure that the Loan Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Loan.

1 Definitions

Whenever used in this Loan Agreement the following terms shall have the following

meaning:

,,

Bank Debt:

Bank loans in aggregate o f maximum NOK 977,000,000 provided by different banks,

Banking Day:

a day when the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.

Bondholders:

the holders of the Bonds.

Bonds:

bonds in the Loan, as described in Clause 2.1.

Borrower's Bonds:

Bonds in the Remaining Loan, owned by the Borrower or any party over whom the Borrower has decisive influence or any party who has decisive influence over the Borrower.

Call Option:

the Borrower's redemption right as set out in Clause 10.2.

Change of Control Event

means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Companies Act § 1-3) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, o f more than 50% of the outstanding shares or voting rights o f the Borrower.

Construction Loans Current Projects:
Disbursement Date: Escrow Account: Event of Default: Exchange: Excess Cash:
Excess Cash Sweep Escrow Account:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
any construction loan to be provided by a bank to finance a construction under the Current Projects.
means property development projects currently committed and to be owned 100% directly or indirectly by the Sub Holding Companies and which projects are listed in the investor presentation prepared by Pareto Securities ASA dated 7 November 2007.
19 November 2007.
account(s) in the name o f the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account(s) has waived any set-off rights.
means each event defined as an event of default in Clause 15.1.
securities exchange or other reputable market place for securities having satisfactory requirements as to listing and trading, where the Loan may be listed or may be applied for listing.
means any free cash which are available for transfer by way of group contribution and/or dividend payment to the Borrower by any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries following as soon as practical after realization or disposal of any of the Current Projects and/or disposal of any shares in any of the Sub Holding Companies or members of these following deduction o f all mandatory prepayments to be made under the Bank Debt agreements and Construction Loan agreements triggered by such realisation.
account(s) in the name of the Borrower, pledged on first priority and blocked in favour o f the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders), where the bank operating the account(s) has waived any set-off rights, to which any Excess Cash generated in the Group from the Current Projects shall be transferred, and which may be applied for exercise o f the Call Option.

Finance Documents:
Group: Guarantors: Guarantee:
Interest Determination Date: Interest Payment Date:
Loan Security:
Margin: Material Subsidiary:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
means (i) this Loan Agreement, (ii) the fee agreement according to Clause 14.1, (iii) any documents executed in relation to the granting of any Loan Security, and (iv) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Borrower in relation to any amount payable under this Loan Agreement or any of the other documents referred to in this definition.
the Borrower and its subsidiaries (if any).
the Sub Holding Companies.
an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (i.e. a guarantee whereby the obligation becomes due upon the default of the principal debtor - "selvskyldnerkausjon") related to the Borrower's obligations according to the Loan Ageement) to be issued by the Guarantors in the loan amount (plus accrued interest and expenses).

15 November 2007 and thereafter two Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.

15 February, 15 May, 15 August and 15 November each year. If the Interest Payment Date is not a Banking Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Interest Payment Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.

(i)

the pledge of the Escrow Account,

(ii) the Share Pledge,

(iii) the Guarantee and

(iv) the pledge of the Excess Cash Sweep Escrow

Account.

4.00 percentage points.

any direct or indirect subsidiary o f the Borrower whose turnover, gross assets or net assets represents at least 5 % of the consolidated turnover, gross assets or net assets of the Group, always provided that subsidiaries o f the Borrower not being a Material Subsidiary shall in aggregate not exceed 20% o f the consolidated turnover, gross assets or net assets o f the Group. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, any direct or indirect subsidiary to which a Current Project is assigned (now or in the future) shall always be considered a Material Subsidiary.

Maturity Date: NIBOR:
NIBOR Reference Banks:
Outstanding Loan:

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19 November 2010. If the Maturity Date is not a Banking Day, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next Banking Day. However, if this day falls in the following calendar month, the Maturity Date is moved to the first Banking Day preceding the original date.
the interest rate rounded off to two decimal places for a 3 three - months period that is quoted on Reuters NIBR page at 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date.
Should the contents o f the Reuters NIBR page be changed such that, in the opinion o f the Loan Trustee and the Borrower, the interest rates shown no longer represent the same kind of interest rates as when the Loan was disbursed, or the relevant page is removed from the Reuters system, another news page shall be used. This page may be another Reuters page or, possibly, that of another electronic news agency, if it, in the opinion o f the Loan Trustee, specifies the same kind of interest rates as Reuters NIBR did on the disbursement of the loan. Any disagreement of opinion between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee concerning the use o f a new page must be treated as described in sub-clause 9.3 o f the Loan Agreement.
interest rate determined on the basis o f the interest on deposits in the inter-bank market in Oslo, quoted by the four largest authorised exchange banks in the Norwegian market at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination in Oslo, for a 3 - three - months period, starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. The Loan Trustee will ask the head office of each of the banks for a quotation on such interest. If two or more quotations are given, the interest rate will be set at the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If less than two quotations are given, the interest rate will be set to the arithmetic mean of the rates that banks selected by the Loan Trustee quote at approximately 12.00 noon in Oslo on the Interest Determination Date for loans in Norwegian krone to leading European banks for a 3 - three - months period starting on the Interest Payment Date and applicable to a comparable amount. An interest rate determined by calculation o f the arithmetic mean shall be rounded off to two decimal places.
Remaining Loan less Borrower's Bonds.

«^iSkW« .'· . .-JVbrsk Tjj^i^JM ^jASA- .

Remaining Loan: -

injglatfontofheLojmthe dkes-specified for paym entofr

interest on p rin d p a y ;' ,_ .>-:/

:'%

"'

,, *»'· »

^

- ;>. 'vn-Vu.,y.~

"

,^

M'--V

the aggregate principal amount of all Bonds outstanding in -

the Loan4§ss=the principal amount o f the Bonds redeemed

by the Borrower and discharged through die Securities

Depository.

~

Securities Depository:

the securities depository in which the Loan is registered. On Disbursement Date the Securities Depository is Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS").

Share Pledge:

second priority pledge over all the Borrower's shares in the Sub Holding Companies, in the Loan amount plus interests and expenses, in favour o f the Loan trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and always in priority after the ~providers of the Bank Debt.

Sub Holding Companies:

HPG Vest AS (orgnr 991 680 225) and HPG Øst AS

(orgnr 991 776 087), eachbeing a 100% subsidiary of the

Borrower. ' .

'

2 The Loan
2.1 The Borrower has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount o f NOK 400,000,000 (Norwegian krone four hundred million), herein referred to as "the Loan".
` . The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK,500*000 eachHid rank p artjiassu ,-r:i;* ;' '
The Loan will be described as "FRN Hansa Property Group ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010".
The registration number (ISIN) of the Loan will be NO 001 039791.2.
The term o f the Loan is from and including the Disbursement Date to the Maturity Date.
The net proceeds of the Loan will be employed for financing o f the acquisition o f the the Current Projects.

3 Listing
3.1 The Loan will initially not be listed on an Exchange. An application may be made for listing on Oslo Børs or Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market (ABM) at the discretion of the Borrower.

7 4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
4 Registration in a Securities Depository
4.1 The Loan must prior to disbursement be registered in a Securities Depository according to the Securities Depository Act (the Norwegian act o f 2002 no. 64 regarding securities depository) and the conditions from the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Borrower shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Depository o f any changes in the terms and conditions of the Loan. The Loan Trustee shall have a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Borrower is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Depository. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Borrower provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulation.
5 The functions, duties and liability of the Loan Trustee
5.1 The Loan Trustee shall pursuant to this Loan Agreement and in compliance with laws and regulations monitor the Bondholders' interests and rights vis-a-vis the Borrower, inter alia,
- monitor the Borrower's fulfilment of his obligations under the Loan Agreement, - exercise necessary discretion in carrying out the duties assigned to the Loan Trustee
under the Loan Agreement, - ensure that valid decisions made at Bondholder meetings are carried out, - make the decisions and implement the measures that are assigned to or imposed on the
Loan Trustee pursuant to this Loan Agreement, - forward to the Bondholders necessary information which is obtained and received in
its capacity as Bondholder's representative, - verify the timely and correct payment of interest and principal, and - provided the Loan is listed, inform the Exchange o f circumstances which are of
importance to the listing and quotation of the Loan; however, this only applies to cases in which the Loan Trustee gains knowledge o f or should have knowledge o f such circumstances and the Borrower fails to fulfil its duty of information towards the Exchange after having been urged to do so by the Loan Trustee.
5.2 In performing its functions as Bondholder's representative, the Loan Trustee is not obligated to assess the Borrower's financial situation or ability to service the Loan except to the extent such duty may clearly be inferred from the Loan Agreement.
5.3 The Loan Trustee shall be liable to pay damages for financial losses suffered by the Bondholders as a result of negligence o f the Loan Trustee in performing its functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee is not responsible for the content of the information the Loan Trustee has submitted on behalf of the Borrower.
8

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the Loan will be subject to the Loan Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Banking Days prior to the Disbursement Date:
(a) the Loan Agreement duly executed,
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents,
(c) a power o f attorney from the Borrower to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents,
(d) certified copies of the Certificate of Incorporation and Articles o f Association o f the Borrower, and extracts from the relevant registrar or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorised to sign on behalf o f the Borrower,
(e) to the extent necessary, certified copies of authorisations required for the validity of and execution, delivery and performance by and the enforceability against the Borrower of the Loan Agreement, i.a. - confirmation that the subscription documents have been controlled by the Exchange, or confirmation from the manager of the Loan that the subscription documents have been controlled and that a prospectus is not required according to Norwegian law and any other applicable law,
(f) confirmation that the Loan has been registered in a Securities Depository,
(g) written confirmation from the Borrower in accordance with Clause 7.1,
(h) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.1, duly executed,
(i) any written documentation made public in connection with the Loan,
(j) evidence for establishment of the Escrow Account, and
(k) item (b) to (d) and (2) also applies for each of the Guarantors (this requirement may however be postponed to the release o f the Loan form the Escrow Account, see Clause 6.4 and 8.2).
6.2 Subject to the conditions set out above the net proceeds of the Loan will be transferred to the Escrow Account.
6.3 The Loan Trustee is entitled to accept a delay in receiving documents listed above.
6.4 All the Loan Security shall be established and all documentation related to the Bank Debt shall be duly signed before any proceeds from the Escrow Account may be released. The amount on the Escrow Account shall only be used according to the Purpose of the Bond Issue. The Borrower shall submit a release notice (see Schedule 1) to the Loan Trustee when release from the Escrow Account shall take place.
9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
7 Representations and Warranties
7.1 The Borrower and each o f the Guarantors shall in writing represent and warrant that:
(a) it is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under Norwegian law, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as presently conducted;
(b) the Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise the entry into, performance and delivery of the Finance Documents;
(c) the Finance Documents constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of such parties, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for therein) no registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Borrower and for any Loan Security to constitute a valid and enforceable agreed priority mortgage;
(d) the entry into and performance by the Borrower of the Finance Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Borrower;
(e) no Event o f Default exists; and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving o f notice, lapse o f time, determination o f materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Borrower or any o f its assets, and which may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
(f) all financial documents and financial information which has been provided in connection with this Loan, represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group and there has been no change in the Group's financial position which could have a material adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its duties under the Finance Documents;
(g) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of governmental authorities required for the Borrower in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid;
(h) all authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals o f governmental authorities required for the Borrower to carry on its business as presently conducted, have been obtained and are in full force and effect,
10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, threatened against it which would materially and adversely affect the affairs, assets or financial condition o f the Borrower or its ability to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents;
0`) the Borrower is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Loan Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) under the Finance Documents;
(k) the Borrower's payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims o f all its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatory preferred by law applying to companies generally;
(l) no financial indebtedness have been secured in respect of any Loan Security prior to the signing o f the Loan Agreement; and
(m) the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7.1, are made by the Borrower on the signing date o f the Loan Agreement.
7.2 The Borrower shall indemnify the Loan Trustee for any economic losses suffered as a result of not complying with the representations and warranties provided by the Borrower herein both prior to disbursement of the Loan, and during its life.
8 Status of the Loan and security
8.1 The Loan shall rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Borrower and shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 The Loan including interest and expenses shall be secured by the Loan Security. All the Loan Security shall be established before any releases can take place from the Escrow Account see Clause 6.4. A coordination agreement/inter creditor agreement may be entered into between the Loan Trustee (on behalf o f the bondholders) and the providers o f the Bank Debt in which agreement the Bondholders shall be fully subordinated the Bank Debt (both in respect o f repayment and enforcement).
9 Interest
9.1 Interest accrues from and including the Disbursement Date based on NlBOR plus the Margin. The interest rate is set on the first Interest Determination Date. Should NIBOR not be available, the interest rate will be set based on NIBOR Reference Banks plus the Margin.
The interest rate is reset in accordance with sub-clause 9.2.
The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, the first Interest Payment Date falling in February 2008.
n I

>p'~

^ .>

*%,:·'

N orsk.T iJlitsinam i;ASA

/
W'«£)GS3?...

,' 9.2 ~"The4flrt:e¥estr;atf-onihe Loan igjesetwith effect- frqmeach Interest-Payment Date. ,,The ^

rie # ::to |g ^ tm te;^eset.onT^Jffie&st-D,etettttinatT6n Date45#Cd bnN IB O R pl^3iie *

Mffigm.;Sha«lH^IBOR%orte available, theTnterest rate wllfbe reset based oifl^teOR.

"I,.. RcferenGe^ankCpriaibeMargin.'; - v ,, ·

" --"C...""-

When the interest,'ig;setTor.thefirst tim i"and~3n subsequent interest rateTesets, the next Interest Payment .Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date must be ' notified to-the Bondholders in writlngTdathe Securities Depository. This ' ' - · communication must also include the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date. The Loan Trustee and, if the Loan is listed, the Exchange shall be notified o f the new interest rate immediately.

9.3 In the event that the interest rate is fixed in accordance with quotes from NIBOR Reference Banks, the Borrower or Bondholders representing at least 1/1Oth of the Outstanding Loan may appeal against the interest rate fixing. Such an appeal must be presented in writing to the Loan Trustee within 20 Banking Days o f the Bondholders being informed of the interest rate fixing. The appeal will be dealt with by a committee comprising three members, of which one representative is nominated by the Borrower, one representative is nominated by the Loan Trustee and a chairman agreed by the representatives of the two parties. If the parties cannot agree on a chairman, this person Will be nominated by the-Chief Justice o f the Oslo City Court. The decision of the committee is final.

Bondholders and the Exchange (if applicable) shall receive written notice from the Securities Depository that an appeal has been made against the procedure for fixing the interest rate in accordance with sub-clause 9.3. ""

9.4 The interest is calculated on the basis of the actual number of elapsed calendar days from and including the Disbursement date to the following Interest Payment Date, and subsequently from each interest fixingdate to the next of the maturity date. The, number of days is divided by 360.

10 Maturity of the Loan and Call Option
10.1 The Loan will run without installments and mature in whole on the Maturity Date at par (100%).
10.2 The Borrower may anytime from Disbursement Date up to, but not including Interest Payment Date in May 2009 redeem parts of the Loan or the entire Loan at 103 % of par plus accrued interest (Call Option).
Should the Borrower exercise its Call Option, the Loan Trustee and the Bondholders must be informed o f this (the Bondholders in writing via VPS) no later than 30 - thirty Banking Days before the date of redemption.
Partial redemption o f the Loan must be carried out by drawing o f lots between the Bonds (by a full repayment of individual Bonds, allocated randomly between the Bonds).

12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
Bonds redeemed by the Borrower in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Remaining Loan.
Funds on the Excess Cash Sweep Escrow Account may be used for redemption according to this Clause 10.2.
10.3 Upon a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of the Bonds at a price of 101 % o f par plus accrued interest.
The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Borrower has given notification as set out in Clause 13.1 (h).
The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice o f the request to the Bondholder's VPS account manager. The Bondholder's VPS account manager shall notify the paying agent o f the Loan (the "Paying Agent") o f the pre payment request. The put date shall be fifteen - 15 - Banking Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.
11 Interest in the event of late payment
11.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the amount outstanding shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.
11.2 The outstanding amounts shall bear interest as mentioned above until payment is made, whether or not the Loan is declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.
12 Borrower's acquisition of Borrower's Bonds
12.1 Except as provided under Clause 10.2, the Borrower has the right to acquire and own Borrower's Bonds. Borrower's Bonds may at the Borrower's discretion be retained by the Borrower, sold or used for partial redemption o f the Remaining Loan.
13 Covenants
13.1 During the term of the Loan the Borrower shall comply with the following information covenants:
(a) immediately inform the Loan Trustee o f any default o f the Loan pursuant to Clause 15 as well as of any circumstances which the Borrower understands or should understand may lead to default,
(b) of its own accord, make annual and interim reports available on the Borrower's website (alternatively by sending them to the Loan Trustee) as soon they are available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end o f the relevant interim report period,
13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) at the request of the Loan Trustee send a report outlining the balance o f Borrower's Bonds,
(d) forward to the Loan Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Borrower, including but not limited to; mergers, demergers and reduction of shareholders capital,
(e) at the request of the Loan Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation o f the Loan on Exchange (if applicable) and to otherwise enable the Loan Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to the Loan Agreement, laws and regulations,
(f) within a reasonable time limit provide information about the Borrower's financial condition as the Loan Trustee may reasonably request,
(g) in connection with reporting under 13.1 (b) confirm to the Loan Trustee the Borrower's compliance with Clause 13, and
(h) immediately notify the Bondholders (via Securities Depository), the Trustee and the Exchange (if listed) if a Change o f Control Event takes place.
13.2 During the term of the Loan, the Borrower shall (unless the Loan Trustee or the Bondholders' meeting (as the case may be) in writing has agreed to otherwise) comply with the following general covenants:
(a) not cease to carry on its business,
(b) not;
(i) sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, (ii) change the nature of its business, or (iii) merge, demerge or in any other way restructure its business, (iv) grant any loan to third parties not being a member of the Group, except in
the ordinary course of business,
in a manner which might have a materially adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Loan Agreement,
(c) not make any arrangements which may jeopardize the Loan Security,
(d) not permit any equal or senior security in the Loan Security, except for the Bank Debt,
(e) not permit any junior security in the Loan Security entered into on terms, which in the reasonable opinion of the Loan Trustee, is not satisfactory to the Bondholders right under the Loan Agreement, and
14 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(1) not permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party, except in the ordinary course o f such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favourable to the member of the Group than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time;
(g) procure that the Excess Cash is transferred to the Excess Cash Sweep Escrow Account as soon as permitted by law,
(h) not within a calendar year, during the term of the Loan, make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Borrower) or loans to its shareholders,
(i) not raise any additional debt or financial obligations (including intra-group financial support) except for Construction Loans and new external debt raised in connection with acquisition of new development projects (other than the Current Projects) including any construction loans in connection with such new projects, provided that such new financial obligations does not result in any breach by the Borrower of the financial covenants set out in Clause (1) and (m) below,
(j) procure that no member of the Group being the owner/operator of a Current Project provides any financial assistance in respect o f new projects of the Group,
(k) not, and shall procure that none of the members o f the Group shall not, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any other form of encumbrance upon any present or future assets and shares other than those arising by law or related to the (i) Construction Loans, (ii) Bank Debt or (iii) debt to be raised in connection with new development projects (other than the Current Projects) including any construction loans in connection with such new projects, provided that such new mortgages, charges etc. does not result in any breach by the Borrower o f the financial covenants set out in Clause (1) and (m) below,
(l) not invest in any property development project by using Excess Cash,
(m) procure that, on a consolidated basis, the Total Debt to Market Value not exceeds 70 %, whereas;
(i) Total Debt is to be defined as the aggregate o f outstanding Bank Debt and Remaining Loan, and
(ii) Market Value is to be defined as the market value o f the Current Projects as determined on an annual basis by an independent appraiser acceptable to the Loan Trustee (as of Disbursement Date the value of the Current Projects is approximately NOK 2,325,000,000),
(m) procure that Equity Ratio not to be less than 30 %, whereas;
(i) Equity Ratio is to be defined as book equity to total assets according to IFRS, on consolidated basis for the Group, and
15

#;·

,,

9^,3"

V "VTM&J:: ci:-

Si*W- . -r'<sr`^"

:_;,,,iS^ *; " &- _ - .. -~><-^r.:---

ai,W£` ..-.v

ifl#£ '!$*'*

.«T

·*·;" - -

, ***-"<« _x13, v®as_--' *L-S;<lJ" w*Aa, ^-· '**'

fgj`V"^I'-·W w-,,.

(ii) to o k equity, fo inchrdgjny subordi^ted-veildop. loans.;carrying a*payment4n 'idifid'GQMpbjiLy f t t B L ^ a c K ^ t l f - >53»* 'J : ', r V J ^ 3^

'l"'147r ":' -Fee's-and expenses
141 The Botrower-shall^pay an annual fee to the LoaHTrusteerthe amount-of which is set ~ 'MO-., -'tiJ&S"-i~S> »o&u»t. in a separate__a·g_r_e_eam~e.^nj.ti Cbe^t,w.Xee_n_t_h_e_B__o_rr_o_w_e_rva.^njd'#tuh«etLoan Trustee.' ' '' "'
14.2 The Borrower shall cover all expenses in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan), such as preparation of the Loan Agreement (and any security for the Loan), listing of the Loan on the Exchange (if applicable) and registration and administration of the Loan in the Securities Depository in accordance with the agreement between the Borrower and the Securities Depository.
-- 14.3 The Borrower shall cover any document fee and other public fees in connection with the Loan (and any security for the Loan). Any public fees or taxes on sales o f Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or regulation.
The Borrower is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by "r Norwegian law.
14.4 In addition to the fee of the Loan Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.1 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.2 and 14.3, the Borrower shall on demand cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Loan Trustee«in connection with the Loan, as determined in separate agreement between the Borrower and the Loan Trustee. See however Clause 19.2.

''r`T"Events' of'Default

15.1 The Loan may be declared to be in default upon the occurrence of any o f the following events (Events of Default):

(a) the Borrower shall on any Payment Date fail to pay any interest or principal due or any other amount payable under the Finance Document; provided, however, that such failure shall not include failures which are remedied within 5 - five - Banking Days after the Payment Date, and it is obvious the Borrower will remedy the failure within this time.

(b) the Borrower shall fail to duly perform any other material covenant or obligation, to be performed under Finance Documents and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Banking Days after notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Loan Trustee,

(c)

if, for the Borrower or each of the Guarantors or any Material Subsidiary, the

aggregate amount of financial indebtedness or commitment for financial

indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 25

million - or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;

16 4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(i)

any financial indebtedness of, or guaranteed by, is not paid when due nor

within any originally applicable grace period,

(ii)

any financial indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and

payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default

(however described),

(iii)

any commitment for any financial indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by

a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or

(v) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any financial indebtedness o f due to and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described),

(d) if, for the Borrower or each of the Guarantors or any Material Subsidiary;

(i) it is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason o f actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more o f its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness,

(ii) the value o f the assets is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), or

(iii) a moratorium is declared,

(iv) a substantial part o f its assets are impounded, confiscated or subject to distraint,

(e) if, for the Borrower or each of the Guarantors or any Material Subsidiary; any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction) is taken in relation to;

(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(f) any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf o f any Borrower under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment. The Loan Trustee may at his discretion, on behalf o f the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the Loan, and all other amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Loan Trustee shall declare the entire Remaining Loan including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Loan Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the Outstanding Loan, and the Bondholders' meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' meeting has decided to declare the Loan in default and due for payment.
In either case the Loan Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the Remaining Loan. The Loan Trustee can request satisfactory security for anticipated expenses from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration o f default be made pursuant to sub clause a) above and/or those who voted in favour o f the decision pursuant to sub clause b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Loan Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Loan to be in default and due for payment, the Loan Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Borrower a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Loan including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and, in the case of the Borrower, expenses.
15.5 The individual Bondholder cannot o f his own accord recover his bond(s) directly from the Borrower.
16 Authority of the Bondholders' meeting and the Loan Trustee
16.1 To the extent creditor's approval is required according to law, regulation or agreement, the Bondholders' meeting may make decisions in all questions concerning the Loan, such as:
(a) change o f Loan Trustee,
(b) change of Borrower,
18
k

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) changes to the Loan Agreement regarding interest, payment, maturity or other conditions,
(d) changes in the Borrower's corporate structure, such as mergers, demergers, capital reduction or conversion,
(e) approve the sale or other transactions concerning the Borrower's assets or security for the Loan,
(f) declaring the Loan to be in default.
The Bondholders' meeting may attach conditions to its decisions.
The Bondholders' meeting cannot make decisions that are liable to give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.
16.2 The Loan Trustee can, subject as aforesaid, on its own make a decision as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (d) and (e), provided that:
(a) the changes are not, in the judgement of the Loan Trustee, of significant importance for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement, or
(b) any security provided by the Borrower in connection with the change offers, in the judgment of the Loan Trustee, adequate security for the fulfilment of the Loan Agreement.
The Loan Trustee can make a decision regarding other changes in the Loan Agreement as mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c), provided that the matters in question are, in the judgment o f the Loan Trustee, of minor importance to the Bondholders' financial and legal rights in the Loan. Before such a decision is made, the Bondholders shall be notified in writing through the Securities Depository. The notification shall clearly describe the proposal and the opinion of the Loan Trustee of it, and shall also inform that the proposal cannot be approved by the Loan Trustee alone if any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal, and such protest is dispatched within a time limit which shall not be shorter than 5 - five - Banking Days from the dispatchment o f the notification.
The Loan Trustee may attach conditions to its decision.
The Loan Trustee cannot make a decision under the Loan Agreement that is liable to give certain Bondholders or others unreasonable advantages at the expense of other Bondholders.
16.3 The Loan Trustee is free, subject as aforesaid, to submit any question to the Bondholders' meeting.
16.4 The Loan Trustee has the right and obligation to implement all decisions validly made at the Bondholders' meeting.
19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
16.5 The Borrower, the Bondholders and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made in accordance with Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 as soon as possible and in a suitable manner.
17 Procedural rules
17.1 A Bondholders' meeting shall be held at the request of:
(a) the Borrower,
(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Outstanding Loan or
(c) the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - or
(d) the Loan Trustee.
A request o f a Bondholders' meeting shall be made in writing and clearly state the matters to be discussed and the provisions o f this Loan Agreement on which the request is based. The request shall be sent to the Loan Trustee.
17.2 The Bondholders' meeting shall be summoned by the Loan Trustee pursuant to the provisions o f Clause 17.3. Simultaneously with the decision to summon the Bondholders' meeting, the Loan Trustee can demand that the Borrower does not increase the Outstanding Loan.
If the Loan Trustee has not complied with a valid request for a Bondholders' meeting as set forth in Clause 17.1 within five Banking Days after having received such request, then the Borrower and the relevant Bondholder(s) and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange have the right themselves to summon the meeting pursuant to the provisions of Clause 17.3.
17.3 The summons to a Bondholders' meeting shall be dispatched and if necessary notified at the latest five Banking Days before the date o f the meeting.
The summons shall be effected by written notification through the Securities Depository to every Bondholder with known place o f residence and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange for publication. The notification through the Securities Depository shall also state the number of Bonds in the Loan (print-out) owned by the Bondholder in question at the time the print-out is made.
The summons shall clearly state the matters to be discussed at the Bondholders' meeting, and the provisions of this Loan Agreement on which the request is based and inform that the relevant documents are available from the Loan Trustee, the Borrower or at such other place as stated in the summons. If any change of the Loan Agreement has been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.
The meeting can only make decisions regarding the matters which were stated in the summons, unless all the Bondholders in the Outstanding Loan agree otherwise subject to the provisions hereof.
20

.- ' ***.< - ,- ··'·»

:- , c

..': Ifinordef tornakea tand?d e d s® M ti^ S N ^ s a ^ g |^ U a d t^ C l^ u s'e IS, to ftol& m ew j

Bondholders^meeting sRd discuss"tj§ SStt^'a^secor^timeTltich new:RondhofdSl1 ;

meeting cannot be summoned befere the first meeting has be^held7TKe sOTti!hoM^d

' f " the second meeting shall' inform o f the~tumout and result of tiiB vote at tHe first

Bondholders' meeting. -

/T v; ~ _ I -

i!J

17.4' The meeting-shaltbe held at tire premises1o f the Loan/Trusteeor at premises designated by the Loan Trustee.

The meeting shall be presided over by the Loan Trustee, unless the Bondholders' meeting decides otherwise. If the Loan Trustee is not present, the meeting shall be presided over by a Bondholder or representative o f the Bondholders, elected by the Bondholders.

' ! "v

The minutes o f the meeting shall be kept, showing the Bondholders present - personally

or by proxy - as well as how many votes each Bondholder can cast. Further, the

decisions made at the meeting, as well as the result of the vote, shall be recorded. The

minutes shall be signed by the chairman and two Bondholders or proxies. The minutes

shall be kept in a safe manner by the Loan Trustee, and-shall be available to the

Bondholders. ,,

~

17.5 Bondholders, the Borrower, the Loan Trustee and - if the Loan is listed - the Exchange

have the right to attend the Bondholders' meeting. The Bondholders' meeting can grant

entrance to the meeting to other parties. The participants at the meeting have the right to

meet with an advisor and/or by proxy..

*.

17.6 At the Bondholders' meeting each Bondholder has one vote for each Bond he owns. The notification o f the number pf Bonds in the Loan (printi-out) whigh was sent to each Bondholder through the Secthitii® E^posh&y in the summohs-fo the melting; seeu» . Clause 17.3, serves asp ro o f o f ownership o f the Bonds and o f each owner's right to vote. In the event that Bonds have been transferred after the print-out was made, the new Bondholder must bring to the meeting the original summons and the print-out, endorsed so as to document the transfer.

The Borrower's Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into account when determining the number of voting Bonds.

In case of doubt, the Bondholders'meeting decides which Bondholders can vote and how many votes each one has.

17.7 In order for the Bondholders' meeting to be able to make valid decisions, Bondholders representing at least 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan must be represented, see however Clausel8.

Valid decisions may be made by a simple majority, see however Clause 17.8.

17.8 In the following matters a majority of 2/3 of the Bonds represented at the meeting must vote in favour o f the decision:

21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(a) change o f bondholders' representative,
(b) change o f borrower,
(c) changes in the Loan Agreement's conditions, including interest, maturity, term and security/collateral, or
(d) corporate or business changes in the Borrower which are o f significant importance for the fulfilment o f the Loan Agreement.
17.9 In all matters where unanimity is not attained, the voting shall be in writing and the number of votes shall be recorded in the minutes o f the meeting. In the case of a tie in the votes, the matter shall be decided by the chairman, even if he is not a Bondholder or proxy.
Decisions made at a Bondholders' meeting which entail changes to the Loan Agreement shall be attached to the Loan Agreement in the form of a certified copy of the minutes o f the meeting.
18 Repeated Bondholders' meeting
18.1 In the event that less than 5/10 of the Outstanding Loan are represented, a valid decision may not be made at the first Bondholders' meeting at which the matter is discussed. After a new meeting has been summoned and the matter discussed a second time, a valid decision may be made pursuant to the voting rules set forth above; this also applies to cases in which less than 5/10 o f the Outstanding Loan are represented.
19 Change of Loan Trustee
19.1 In the event that the Borrower or Bondholders in accordance with sub-clause 17.1b) wish to replace the Loan Trustee, or a change o f Loan Trustee is necessary according to law, regulation or ordinance, or the Loan Trustee has requested such change, the Loan Trustee shall immediately summon a Bondholders' meeting to discuss the matter.
The Loan Trustee shall put before the Bondholders' meeting a proposal for a new loan trustee. The bondholders, the Borrower and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - can submit proposals.
The Bondholders and the Exchange - if the Loan is listed - shall after the Bondholders' meeting, be notified o f the decision and the date on which the change o f loan trustee becomes effective.

22

fé c .

\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
19.2 The Loan Trustee shall act as Loan Trustee until a new loan trustee has been elected. In the event that the Loan Trustee does not act properly and the interests o f the bondholders suffer, the Exchange may appoint a temporary loan trustee. The cost o f the temporary loan trustee shall be covered by the Borrower pursuant to sub-clause 14.4, but may be recovered wholly or in part from the former loan trustee if the change is due to breach o f the loan trustee's duties under the Loan Agreement, or other circumstances for which the loan trustee is responsible.
19.3 The Loan Trustee shall co-operate so that the new loan trustee is given, without undue delay after the Bondholders' meeting, the documents and information necessary to perform his functions and duties under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Trustee shall provide a summary of the following up o f conditions of the Loan Agreement.
20 Limitation 20,1 Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant to the Norwegian Act
relating to the Limitation Period for Claims of May 18,1979 nr. 18.
\
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
21 Dispute resolution and Legal venue
21.1 Disputes arising out of or in connection with the Loan Agreement which are not resolved amicably, shall be resolved in accordance with Norwegian law and in the Norwegian courts.
21.2 Legal suits shall be served at the competent legal venue of the Loan Trustee.
22. Eligible purchasers and transfer restrictions
22.1 The Bonds are not being offered to and may not be purchased by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). In addition to the Subscription Agreement that each investor will be required to execute, each U.S. investor that wishes to purchase Bonds will be required to execute and deliver to the Borrower a certification in a form to be provided by the Borrower stating, among other things, that the investor is a QIB. The Bonds may not be purchased by, or for the benefit of, persons resident in Canada.
22.2 Bondholders located in the United States will not be permitted to transfer the Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account o f another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act in a transaction on the Oslo Børs, and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available). The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period o f four months and a day from the date the bonds were originally issued.
Oslo, 15 November 2007
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Loan Trustee
The Loan Agreement has been executed in 2 copies (originals), of which the Borrower and the Loan Trustee keep one each.
24

Schedule 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

FORM OF RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

{place and date] Norsk Tillitsmann ASA Attn: [name]
RELEASE NOTICE Dear Sir, RE: FRN Hansa Property Group ASA Callable Bond Issue 2007/2010

We refer to the loan agreement dated [date] (the "Loan Agreement") with ISIN N0001039791.2 made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Loan Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders (the "Bondholders"), and the undersigned as Borrower.
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Loan Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event has occurred or is likely to occur which constitutes an Event of Default, and that (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Loan Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully, Hansa Property Group ASA

[signed by authorised persons with the Borrower]

Enclosure: [copy o f written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

25

