ISIN NO 001 0654841
BOND AGREEMENT between
Crudecorp ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
FRN Crudecorp ASA Subordinated Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status o f the Bonds 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition o f Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous
Attachment 1 - Compliance Certificate

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 7 8 9 9 9 11 13 13 14 15 16 16 20 20 23 25 28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
This bond agreement has been entered into on 11 July 2012 between:
(1) Crudccorp ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 990 904 871 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
Interpretation
Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 8, 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 3 months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Change of Control Event" means an event where any investor or group of investors, affiliated with each other or should be consolidated under the terms of the Norwegian Limited Liabilities Act § 1-3, is or becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 % of the voting shares of the Issuer.

"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.

"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale o f receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence o f an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.

"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, and (iii) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means, without double counting, any indebtedness

incurred in respect of:

(a)

moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b)

any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c)

the amount o f any liability in respect o f any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and leasc-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost o f any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value o f the transaction, only the mark-to-market value of

the applicable derivative shall be taken into account);

4
h Jo

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(h)

any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter o f credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any

person in respect of any of the items referred to in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements o f the Issuer for any financial year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Norway including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any o f its Subsidiaries.

"Inter-creditor Agreement" means an inter-creditor agreement to be entered into reasonably satisfactory to the Bond Trustee with the Senior Creditors and the Issuer, containing inter alia, provisions on the subordination o f the Bonds to the Senior Debts and a 180 days stand still period on enforcing the Bonds upon an Event of Default, as defined in the Inter-creditor Agreement.

"Interest Payment Date" means 17 January, 17 April, 17 July and 17 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 17 July 2012.

"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.

"Margin" means 12.5 percentage points per annum.

"Material Adverse Effect" means any event or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement.

5
m

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Maturity Date" means 17 July 2017. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reuters Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time a.m. on the relevant interest payment date or, if such publication docs not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee o f the interest rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate principal amount o f the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a dale for payment of principal or interest on the Bonds.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as o f each Quarter Date, prepared in accordance with GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments o f 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Senior Creditors" means the creditors under the Senior Debts.
"Senior Debts" means all monies and all obligations and liabilities now or hereafter due, owing or incurred by the Issuer under the Senior Facility.
6 Cx-

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Senior Facility" means a USD 30 million pre-paid swap facility, with an estimated maximum exposure of USD 88 million, or any other senior facility replacing such facility.

"Subsidiary" means an entity over which another entity or person has a determining influence due to (i) direct and indirect ownership o f shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.

"Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1.

"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease o f reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses arc references to the Clauses o f this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision o f law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority o f the board of directors o f the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency o f a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2. I Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement
2.1.1 The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms o f the Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, and has

7 Cu

NorskTillitsmann ASA

through their subscriptions granted authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute the Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf as set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer o f Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of the Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to the Bond Agreement upon the completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1

The Issuer has resolved to issue a scries of Bonds in the total aggregate amount o f up to NOK 50,000,000 (Norwegian kroner fifty million). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount o f NOK 21,000,000 (Norwegian kroner twenty one million).

The Bonds will be in denominations o f NOK 1.00 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Crudecorp ASA Subordinated Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) o f the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0654841.

The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.2.2

The Bond Issue is a Tap Issue, under which subsequent issues may take place after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.1, running from the Issue Date and to be closed no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.
All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing o f additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds o f the Bonds shall be employed for general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing o f the Bonds on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market.

8
fVU3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions o f the Securities Register. Any repayment of Bonds and/or interest accrued thereon will be credited the Bondholders through the Securities Register.

4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register o f any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification.

4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.

4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting rights under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions Precedent

6.1 Disbursement of the first tranche o f the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution o f the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or

9

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf o f the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 o f the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled or do not apply;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) the Inter-creditor Agreement shall have been executed;
(k) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed; and
(l) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.1 and copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue.
6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.3 The Bond Trustee may require any statement or legal opinion in connection with the Bond Issue (pre and post Issue Date).
6.4 Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.5 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.4, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.
6.6 The Issuer may issue Tap Issues provided that (i) the amount o f the aggregate of (a) the Outstanding Bonds prior to such Tap Issue and (b) the requested amount for such Tap Issue shall not exceed the maximum issue amount (ii) no Event of Default occurs or would occur as a result of the making o f such Tap Issue, (iii) the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, c.f. Clause 6.1, are still valid or issued in updated or new version making them valid at the time of the Tap Issues, (iv) the representations and warranties contained in this Bond Agreement being true,
10 (L

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
correct and repeated by the Issuer, and (v) that such Tap Issue is in compliance with laws and regulations as of the time o f such issue.
Representations and Warranties
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status It is a public limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law o f the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.
(b) Power arid authority It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(a) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations o f the Issuer, enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of Tax or fees or other formalities are necessary to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer o f the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles o f association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any o f its assets.
(e) No Event o f Default No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination o f the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which would reasonable be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best o f the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The most recently audited Financial Statements and the most recent unaudited Quarterly Financial Reports for the Issuer fairly and accurately represent in all material respect the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As o f the date o f the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition o f the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) Intellectual property The Group has undisputed, valid and good title to (a) its patents, trade marks, service marks, designs, business names, copyrights, design rights, inventions, confidential information and other intellectual property rights and interests (whether registered or unregistered), and (b) the benefit o f all applications and rights to use such assets.
(n) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
m

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(o) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for the Issuer and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term o f the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer herein.

8

Status of the Bonds

8.1 Ranking and priority

The Bonds shall be unsecured and subordinated obligations o f the Issuer. The Bonds shall be subordinated to the Senior Debts, pursuant to the terms of the Inter-creditor Agreement, and rank pari passu with all other subordinated obligations o f the Issuer which are not mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead o f the Issuer's equity capital.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the aggregate outstanding principal amount o f the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in October 2012.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction (the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect o f the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which refers to the number of days in the calculation period for which interest is payable divided by 360.
9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

13 tk 3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number o f calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Par Value

x

Floating

x

Floating Rate

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption
10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option
10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem parts o f the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows (Call Option):
(i) anytime from and including the interest payment date one year after Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2014 at a price equal to 110% o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed nominal amount);
(ii) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2014 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2015 at a price equal to 108% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed nominal amount); and
(iii) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in July 2016 at a price equal to 106% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed nominal amount).
(iv) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in July 2016 to, but not including, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 104% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed nominal amount).
10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.
10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).
10.2.4 On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect o f each such Bond, the

14 Ch

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right o f pre-payment (a "Put Option") o f its Bonds at a price o f 100 % o f par plus accrued and unpaid interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within 60 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change o f Control Event has taken place.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written, irrevocable notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be 25 Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the repayment request.

10.3.3 On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, sec however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in currencies other than NOK, each Bondholder must provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the benefit of the Issuer.

15 V

Norsk Tillitsmunn ASA

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, Taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims
11.3.1 The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

16

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Trustee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent o f such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Trustee o f any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to as an Event of Default;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, infonn the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose o f all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature o f its business, except where specifically allowed under this Bond Agreement;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Reports quarterly and make them available to the Bond Trustee and on its website in the English language as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end o f the financial year and 60 days after the end o f the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are o f relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Trustee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event o f non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all limes rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or coiporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations o f the relevant Group Company with any other company or entity not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other coiporate reorganization involving splitting the relevant Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not cease to carry out its business.

(ii) The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall cease to cany out its business, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(iii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business o f the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement if this would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part its assets or operations, unless

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and

18
CV

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
always provided for avoidance of doubt that Group internal Group internal restructuring on a solvent basis and a transaction accepted by the Senior Creditors shall be permitted.
(f) Financial assistance The Issuer shall ensure that no Group Company shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to granting security) to any third party not being a member of the Group that would be unreasonable in light of the financial situation for the Group, except for:
(i) financial assistance made or allowed to subsist in the ordinary course of trading; and
(ii) financial assistance as part o f customary long term financing o f current and future disposal of produced petroleum on forward contracts, swap arrangements or similar with well reputed financial institutions.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) Intra-group transactions All transactions between any companies in the Group shall be on commercial terms, and shall comply with all applicable provisions of applicable corporate law applicable to such transactions, including, in respect of Norwegian companies, Section 3-9 o f the Private or Public Limited Companies Act 1997.
(b) Transactions with shareholders, directors and affiliated companies The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any Group Company to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any party being a shareholder, director or member o f the senior management or related person o f such persons (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course o f business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member o f the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an ami's length transaction with a third parly at the time.
(e) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization if such change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(g) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware o f them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
19
(L-
m

NorskTillilsnianii ASA

(i) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and
(ii) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Register.

14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent, as the case may be) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.

14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Trustee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (each o f which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full of any such late payment is made, within 5 --five --Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations The Issuer or any other Group Company fails to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, and such failure is not remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

20 CL

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) Cross default The aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or committed Financial Indebtedness o f the Group or any Group Company falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total o f NOK 10,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result o f an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency The following occurs in respect of the Issuer or any other Group Company:
(i) the suspension of payments, or a moratorium o f any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way o f voluntary arrangement, scheme o f arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, which has a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement,
(iii) the appointment o f a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(f) Creditors'process The Issuer or any other Group Company has a substantial portion of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings The Issuer or any other Group Company, except CMO AS, is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be
21
C-

Norsk Tillilsmann ASA
appointed under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief o f debtors.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company or the Issuer to fulfill or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
(i) Litigation Any claim, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any Group Company or the Issuer is adversely determined against the Group Company or the Issuer and has (or, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would reasonable be expected to have) a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material Adverse Effect Any event or series o f events occurs which, in the reasonable opinion o f the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, has a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, provided always within the terms o f the Inter-creditor Agreement, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 o f the aggregate principal amount of Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders pursuant to action at a Bondholders' Meeting have decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf o f the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of
22

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 A uthority o f the Bondholders 'meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority o f the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds and Bondholders.

16.2 Procedural rulesfo r Bondholders 'meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 o f the aggregate principal amount of
Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes o f Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result o f the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives o f the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present during the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders 'meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity o f votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vole, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the aggregate principal amount of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) o f the aggregate principal amount o f the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 If a quorum exists, resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16.3.5 In the following matters, approval by the holders o f at least 2/3 of the aggregate principal amount of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment o f the terms o f this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions directly affecting the cash flow o f the Bonds;
(b) transfer o f rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders ' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result o f the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the aggregate principal amount o f the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Tnistee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond

25 (X.
f i t Sb

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders through action at a Bondholders' Meeting may replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

fte fi

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o f Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee may act as Security Agent or may appoint a bank or other institution to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security Interests on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security Interests.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Securities Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require any Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment o f a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security Interest (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf o f the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to administer the terms of this Bond Agreement,
access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, provided however that this provision shall not restrict the Bondholders from exercising any o f their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and (v) an individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations acceptable by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise o f a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (under US federal or Norwegian tax law, if applicable) as a result o f the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date o f establishment of the Defeasance Pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon the Issuer, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing the Issuer;
(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent o f preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors o f the Issuer or with the intent o f defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f the Issuer or others;
(I) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from the Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that (i) the Defeasance Pledge will not be subject to any rights of creditors o f the Issuer, (ii) the Defeasance Pledge will constitute a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii), after the 181st day following the establishment o f the Defeasance Pledge, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects o f any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value o f the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request o f the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;
(c) any guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the guarantee(s), and the guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;
(d) any Security Interests other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way o f deletion o f the relevant Security
29
M b"

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as other-wise required;

(e) all other provisions of the Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment o f principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses and fees due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 A ccess to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under the Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership o f the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 A mendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons and other communications to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.starndata.no.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, or alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

30
fNb

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts o f Norway, with the District Court o f Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

c

Position: -f-fr

U&A

31
/KB

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

il A A A_
[date]

Dear Sirs,

FRN Crudccorp ASA Subordinated Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2012/2017 - ISIN 001 0654841

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date o f the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied.

Copies of our latest consolidated [annual auditcd/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Crudecorp ASA
A>vLW.\
Name o f authorizedperson

o
Gp-U:

Enclosure: [copy o fany written documentation]

32
m

