Execution version
ISIN N00010714124
BOND AGREEMENT between
Pioneer Public Properties III AS and
Nordic Trustee ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf o f
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019 dated 25 June 2014

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Nordic Trustee ASA
3 17 19 19 19 19 24 26 26 27 30 32 32 39 39 42 45 48

Nordic Trustee ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 25 June 2014 between
(1) Pioneer Public Properties III AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 913 748 336, as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Nordic Trustee ASA, a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 963 342 624, as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

l.l Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Bank" means SR-Bank.
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Acquisition Price" means the acquisition price for the Additional Properties, which shall be on arm's length basis and fair market terms, such terms to be evidenced in case the seller of the Additional Property is the Lessee, the Lessee Parent or any of their affiliates (and, for the avoidance o f doubt, only in such case) by documentation from an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the market for the Additional Properties, appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee.
"Additional Internal Leases Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's rights under the Internal Leases for any Additional Property (being registered in the land register).
"Additional Lessee Parent Guarantee Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's rights under the Lessee Parent Guarantee for any Additional Property.
"Additional Mortgage" mean a mortgage over the Additional Properties including all relevant equipment being legally part of such Properties under Norwegian law. Such Additional Mortgage shall be on a second priority basis if such Additional Properties have any Husbanken Loans attached to it at the time o f purchase while it shall rank on first priority basis if such Additional Properties do not have any Husbanken Loan attached to it. In case an Additional Property is purchased through the acquisition of shares in a company incorporated in Sweden, such security shall, notwithstanding the generality o f the foregoing, be provided in a form permissible pursuant to Chapter 21, Section 5 o f the Swedish Companies Act. To the extent any mortgage certificates (Sw. pcaifbrev) in a Swedish Additional Property may be provided as security, the nominal value of such mortgage certificates shall not

Nordic Trustee ASA

surpass the purchase price paid by the Issuer, or another company in the Group, for the Additional Property in question.

"Additional Properties" means any additional preschool property in Norway or Sweden purchased by the Issuer through Additional Subsidiaries from third parties (not a Group Company), directly or through the acquisition of shares in a Norwegian or Swedish company whose sole purpose consists of owning such additional property, after the first disbursement from the Escrow Account, in which context it is understood that the Issuer through Additional Subsidiaries may use amounts on the Escrow Account resulting from any Tap Issues or any Permitted Disposal to finance the debt portion (up to 73% o f the Acquisition Price) o f purchase(s) o f such additional properties.

"Additional Property Master Lease" means the master lease agreement between the Issuer and the Lessee regarding the lease of any Additional Properties. With respect to the Additional Properties and also Investments in Properties, leases will be agreed with a minimum 8.00% yield per Additional Property and for amounts of Investments adjusted annually for CPI (No. konsumprisindeks) and downward adjusted upon the occurrence of any Permitted Disposal of an Additional Property. Such adjustment shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the annual rent for such Additional Property which was apparent when such Additional Property was added to the Additional Property Master Lease (adjusted for CPI for all the Additional Properties in the portfolio). In addition, the Lessee shall, as per the terms of such lease, coyer the Issuer for all operational costs relating to the Additional Properties, including but not limited to Insurances, public duties, maintenance costs and ground rent (i.e. no cash payments).

"Additional Property Master Lease Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Issuer's claims under the Additional Property Master Lease.

"Additional Security" means the additional security which shall be provided in connection with, and in exchange of, the release of amounts from the Escrow Account to finance the acquisition o f the Additional Properties, being:

(a) the Additional Mortgage;

(b) the Additional Share Pledge;

(c) the Intercompany Loans Pledge, if any, inrespect o f any Additional Property;

(d) the Additional Internal Leases Pledge;

(e) the Additional Property Master Lease Pledge; and

(f)

the Additional Lessee Parent Guarantee Pledge.

"Additional Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge granted by the Issuer over all o f the shares (100% of the issued shares)) in the Additional Subsidiaries.

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Additional Subsidiaries" means the 100% owned subsidiaries o f the Issuer which will be acquired or established in connection with and for the purpose o f the acquisition of the Additional Properties.

"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.1.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in NIBOR in Oslo.

"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment o f the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (ModifiedFollowing Business Day Convention).

"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, on any date, the aggregate on such date o f the then current market value of:

(g) cash in hand or amounts standing to the credit of any current and/or deposit accounts with an acceptable bank; and

(h) time deposits with acceptable banks and certificates of deposit issued, and bills of exchange accepted, by an acceptable bank;

in each case to which any Group Company is beneficially entitled at the time and to which any Group Company has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to Security, other than the charges over the Escrow Account.

An "acceptable bank" for this purpose is:

(a)

a commercial bank, savings bank, trust company which has a rating of A or

higher from Standard & Poor's or A2 or higher from Moody's or a

comparable rating from a nationally recognized credit rating agency for its

long term debt obligations; or

s

Nordic Trustee ASA

(b) a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in any o f the Nordic countries.

"Cash Pooling System" means the Group's intercompany cash pooling systems.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Change of Control Event" means if:

(a)

Kristian Adolfsen, Roger Adolfsen, Benn Eidissen and/or Even Carl sen or

any of their respective heirs, successors or assigns, cease to jointly control

directly or indirectly 50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting

capital o f the Issuer; or

(b)

any other Person or group of Persons acting in concert becomes the owner

directly or indirectly o f 50% or more o f the outstanding shares and/or voting

capital o f the Issuer.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result o f an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(a)

a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(b) a right to elect or remove a majority o f the members of the board of directors of that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company o f the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 18.2.1.

"Disposal Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.5.

"Environment" means humans, animals, plants and all other living organisms including the ecological systems o f which they form part and the following media:

(a) air (including, without limitation, air within natural or man-made structures, whether above or below ground);

(b) water (including, without limitation, territorial, coastal and inland waters, water under or within land and water in drains and sewers); and

(c) land (including, without limitation, land under water).

"Environment Claim" means any claim, proceeding, formal notice or investigation by any person in respect o f any Environmental Law.

"Environmental Law" means any legislation regulating the use o f the Environment enacted by a legislative body o f the pertinent jurisdiction and which is legally binding upon the Issuer or any Group Company.

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Environmental Perm it" means any permit and any other authorization and the filing of any notification, report or assessment required under any Environmental Law for the operation of the business o f any Group Company conducted on or from the Properties.
"Escrow Account" means an account(s) with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights and the Bond Trustee has been granted the same reading permissions as the Issuer.
"Espira Leases" means the single property lease agreements related to the Espira Properties entered into between (i) Service Property AS and (ii) the single purpose companies operating each o f the Espira Properties, as listed in Attachment 5. Such leases have a fixed term until 2018 with some options for the Espira Lessees to extend for 10 + 5 years thereafter. Under such lease, on a consolidated basis, Espira Lessees shall pay to Service Property AS an annual lease amount equivalent to NOK 105,938,263 altogether (as per 2014) for the Espira Properties, adjusted annually for CPI (No. konsumprisindeks) and downward adjusted upon the occurrence of any Permitted Disposal of an Espira Property. The Espira Lessees shall, as per the terms o f such leases, cover the Service Property AS for operational costs relating to the Espira Properties, with the exception o f Insurances, ground rent and property tax which will be covered by the Service Property AS (or another Group Company), including but not limited to public duties and maintenance costs (i.e. no cash payments).
"Espira Lessees" means the companies set out in Attachment 5.
"E spira Properties" means the 46 preschool properties as set out in Attachment 3.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Børs ASA's Nordic ABM, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing o f the Bonds.
"Face Value" means the denomination o f each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree in writing to be a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
7

Nordic Trustee ASA

(a) any indebtedness incurred in respect o f moneys borrowed (including acceptance credit and any overdraft facility);

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) the amount o f any liability in respect o f any lease, hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non recourse basis); any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under IFRS;

(e) any liability under a deferred purchase agreement where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition o f that asset;

(f)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the marked-to-market value

shall be taken into account);

(g) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect o f a borrowing or raising of money, (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);

(h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter o f credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution in respect of any underlying liability; and

(i)

without double counting, the amount o f any liability in respect o f any

guarantee or indemnity for any o f the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to

(h) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements o f the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.

"Floating Rate" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.1.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles, practices and standards in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"G roup" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group C o m p a n y ").

8

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Husbanken" means the Norwegian state housing bank named Husbanken, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 942 114 184.
"Husbanken Borrowers" means the Subsidiaries listed in Attachment 4, except for Ulsetskogen Bamehage AS.
"Husbanken Loans" means the loan facilities, totaling NOK 576,720,586 (as o f 30 June 2014), granted by Husbanken to the Subsidiaries listed in Attachment 4 (except for Ulsetskogen Bamehage AS) as o f the Settlement Date. The Husbanken Loans are secured on a first priority basis over the relevant Husbanken Properties. The Husbanken Loans may also include loans from Husbanken (i) to partly, or in full, finance the Investments and (ii) that are already provided to the Additional Subsidiaries in connection with purchase o f Additional Properties.
"Husbanken Properties" means the Espira Properties, with the exception of the SR Property.
"Initial Tranche" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.2.1.
"Internal Lease" means any lease agreement with respect to the Properties between the relevant Group Companies.
"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan provided by the Issuer to a member of the Group, save for any intra-group balances under the Cash Pooling System.
"Intercompany Loan Pledge" means a first priority pledge of the Issuer's from time to time claims under the Intercompany Loans.
"Interest Payment Date" means 27 March, 27 June, 27 September and 27 December each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements o f the Issuer for the quarterly period ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"Intra-group Master Lease" means the master lease agreement entered into between Service Property AS and the Issuer regarding the Espira Properties under which the Issuer undertakes to enter into a new lease agreement for any and all Espira Properties on materially equal terms as the NCG Master Lease.
"Investment" means any amount resulting from any Tap Issue or Permitted Disposal which is used to finance investments in or upgrades related to the Properties.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
9

Nordic Trustee A5A
"Lessee" means Norlandia Preschools AS, a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 986 554 270.
"Lessee Parent" means Norlandia Care Group AS, a company existing under the laws o f Norway with registration number 992 036 540.
"Lessee Parent Guarantee" means the Lessee Parent's unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of all the Lessee's payments and other obligations under the NCG Master Lease and Additional Property Master Lease.
"Lessee Parent Guarantee Pledge" means a first priority pledge granted by the Issuer over its claims under the Lessee Parent Guarantee.
"LTV Requirement" shall have the meaning set out in in Clause 13.4.11.
"Management Agreement" means an agreement for the business management of the Group between the Issuer and Pioneer Capital Partners AS, company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 995 997 525. The amounts payable under the Management Agreement shall be limited to NOK 3,000,000 per year for the Espira Properties and additional up to NOK 25,000 per Additional Property, adjusted annually for CPI (No. konsumprisindeks) and subject to a reduction o f 1/45 of the original amount per Espira Property being sold, subordinated to the Bonds.
"Management Commentary" means a narrative report that provides context within which to interpret the financial position, financial performance and cash flows on the Issuer.
"Manager" means the sole manager for for the Bond Issue, being Pareto Securities AS, Dronning Mauds Gate 3, NO-0115 Oslo, Norway.
"Mandatory Prepayment Disposal" means if the Issuer carries out a sale or disposal which is not a Permitted Disposal.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means if:
(a) following a single or a series of Disposal Put Options which brings the outstanding amount under the Bonds to less than NOK 300,000,000; or
(b) any o f the Master Leases are cancelled; or
(c) the Lessee Parent Guarantee ceases to exist; or
(d) an Event of Default has been declared.
"Margin" means 4.50 percentage points (4.50%) per annum.
"Market Value" means the market value o f the Properties o f the Group calculated as the market value from the most recent annual report in accordance with Clause 13.4.11.

Nordic Trustee ASA
"Master Leases" means the NCG Master Lease, the Intra-group Master Lease and the Additional Property Master Lease.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial condition or operations o f the Issuer or the Group taken as a whole, (b) any o f the Issuer's or a Subsidiary's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity o f any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 27 June 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Loan Amount" means the maximum amount of the Bond Issue, as set out in Clause 2.2.1.
"Minimum Cash Threshold" shall have the meaning set out in in Clause 13.4,12.
"NCG Master Lease" the master lease agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Lessee regarding the Espira Properties, under which the Lessee undertakes to enter into a new lease agreement for any and all Espira Properties immediately following the expiration, non-renewal or termination o f the relevant Espira Lease, on unchanged terms and conditions, hereunder that:
(a) the annual lease amount equal to NOK 105,938,263 (as per 2014) for the Espira Properties, adjusted annually for CPI (No "Konsumprisindeks") and downward adjusted upon the occurance of any Permitted Disposal o f an Espira Property. Such adjustment shall be made on a pro rata basis based on the annual rent per Espira Property as set out in Attachment 3 (adjusted annually for CPI);
(b) the yield for the Properties being acquired by the Issuer and included under this master lease shall be minimum 8.00% based on the acquisition price, hereunder that the additional rent following Investments in any o f the Espira Properties shall be no less than 8.00%;
(c) the Lessee shall be responsible for and cover Service Property AS and the Group for operational costs relating to the Espira Properties, including costs of Maintenance and replacements, property taxes and fees, fixing charges etc. (triple net, save for Insurances); and
(d) Service Property AS and the Group shall only cover their own costs for management of the Group.
If any of the Espira Lessees cancel the respective Espira Leases or any o f the extention options related to the Espira Properties are not utilized, such relevant Espira Property will no longer be a part of the Espira Leases and all payment obligations related to such Espira Property shall be solely the responsibility o f the Lessee under this master lease. The Lessee shall, as per the terms o f this lease, cover the Issuer for all operational costs relating to the Espira Properties that no longer receives payments under the Espira Leases, including but not limited to public duties, Insurances, maintenance costs and ground rent (i.e. no cash payments).
The NCG Master Lease shall have a 20 years term from 30 June 2014
ii

Nordic Trustee ASA
"NCG M aster Lease Pledge" means a first priority pledge granted by the Issuer over its claims under the NCG Master Lease.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression o f the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"O utstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Perm itted Disposal" means a Group Company's sale or disposal of a Property, directly or indirectly through the sale of shares in a Subsidiary (i) in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, or (ii) provided that:
(a) the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, to be determined on the date of the contractual agreement of such transaction and, in case the transaction is not carried out with a third party at arm's length's distance (and only in such case), confirmed by an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the market for the Properties, appointed by the Issuer and acceptable to the Bond Trustee;
(b) such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) the consideration for such Property is in the form of Cash and Cash Equivalents;
(d) such sale or disposal represents (directly or indirectly and either in a single transaction or a series o f related transactions) in any trailing period of 12 months, in aggregate 10% or less of each o f the assets, revenues and EBITDA o f the Group according to the previous consolidated audited financial statement (excluding intra-group items);

Nordic Trustee ASA

(e) the net proceeds from such sale or disposal of Properties compared to the loss o f revenues from such Properties shall equal a yield of no more than 8.00%; and

(f)

the net proceeds after tax received by the Issuer or another company in the

Group (as the case may be) from a sale or disposal of a Property is

transferred to the Escrow Account and applied as follows:

(i) within a period o f 90 days, reinvested in Additional Properties and/or Investments, where the release from the Escrow Account o f any amount for these purposes shall, where relevant, be subject to the requirements for documentations pursuant to Clause 6.4;

(ii) the net proceeds remaining from such sale or disposal that has not been reinvested within 90 days shall be subject to the Disposal Put Option under Clause 10.5; and

(iii) any amount remaining from the sale or disposal following the expiry of the Disposal Put Option may be used freely by the Issuer, including to repay the Subordinated Loan or to distribute to the shareholders o f the Issuer, always provided that the Issuer complies with the financial covenants it has undertaken to comply with during the term o f the Bond Issue immediately after such a transaction.

"Perm itted Financial Indebtedness" means

(a) any Intercompany Loans;

(b) the Husbanken Loans (included any interest rate hedging arrangement with Husbanken for non-speculative purposes);

(c) the SR-Bank Loan;

(d) the Subordinated Loan;

(e) any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Finance Documents;

(f)

any indebtedness arising under normal trade credits in the ordinary course of

business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operation of

the Issuer;

(g) any indebtedness arising in the ordinary course o f business through the Cash Pooling System;

(h) the Short Term Loan for a period of no more than 3 months following first disbursement; and

(i)

any unsecured Financial Indebtedness not permitted by the preceding

paragraphs (a) - (g) and the outstanding amount o f which does not exceed

NOK 5,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate for the

Group at any time.

13

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Perm itted Financial Support" means

(a) the Intercompany Loans;

(b) the Cash Pooling System;

(c) the mortgages over the relevant Properties arising under the Husbanken Loans;

(d) the mortgage over the SR Property arising under the SR-Bank Loan;

(e) any Security contemplated by the Finance Documents; and

(f)

any guarantees issued for the benefit o f third parties in the ordinary course

o f business o f the Group.

"Perm itted Reorganisation" means any internal restructuring within the Group on a solvent basis, provided that (i) the position o f the Bondholders, in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion, is not in any way in any way adversely affected; and (ii) the LTV Requirement is complied with after the internal reorganization.

"Perm itted Security" means

(a)

the mortgages over the Husbanken Properties arising under the Husbanken

Loans, as well as any potential Husbanken Loans that already are secured by

Additional Properties at the time of purchase;

(b) the mortgage over the SR Property;

(c)

any Security contemplated by the Finance Documents;

(d) any lien or security arising by operation o f law or in the ordinary course o f business;

(e)

the share pledge over the shares in Service Property AS provided under the

Short Term Loan for maximum 3 months following first disbursement; and

(f)

any set-off rights o f the relevant bank in relation to the Cash Pooling

System.

"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.

"Project Documents" means

(a)

the Management Agreement;

(b)

the NCG Master Lease;

(c)

the Intra-group Master Lease;

14

Nordic Trustee ASA

(d) the Additional Property Master Lease;

(e) the Espira Leases;

(f)

the Internal Lease(s);

(g) Intercompany Loan Agreements (if any);

(h) the loan agreement for the Subordinated Loan;

(i)

the Subordination Undertaking;

O')

the transaction agreement(s) for the directly or indirectly acquisition o f the

Properties/Additional Properties, included 100% of the shares in the

Property HoldCo;

(k) the loan agreements for the Husbanken Loans;

(l)

the loan agreement for the Short Term Loan;

(m) the loan agreement for the SR-Bank Loan; and

(n) the Lessee Parent Guarantee.

"Properties" means the Espira Properties and the Additional Properties.

"Property HoldCo" means Care Real Estate AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 913 018 303.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Second Priority Mortgage" means a second priority mortgage over the Espira Properties, including all relevant equipment being legally part o f such Properties under Norwegian law.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means:

(a) the Escrow Account Pledge;

(b) the Second Priority Mortgage;

is

Nordic Trustee ASA

(c) the Share Pledge;

(d) the NCG Master Lease Pledge;

(e) the Lessee Parent Guarantee Pledge; and

(f)

any Additional Security.

"Settlement Date" means 27 June 2014.

"Share Pledge" means a first priority pledge granted by the Issuer over all o f its shares/ownership interests (100% o f issued shares) in Property HoldCo.

"Short Term Loan" means the short term loan o f up to NOK 110,000,000 which is provided to Property HoldCo by either Kidprop AS or a a bank or financial institution which is authorised to carry on banking business in Norway (the "Short Term Loan Lender") as a part of the financing o f the shares in Service Property AS. The Short Term Loan shall carry a coupon of no more than 8.00% p.a. and cost no more than market standard fees, and have a tenor of no more than approximately 3 months. The Short Term Loan may be secured by the shares of Service Property AS only. The Short Term Loan shall be repaid within 3 months following first disbursement from the Escrow Account. The Short Term Loan may not be refinanced with other debt, and there shall be no clauses in the Short Term Loan preventing the Subsidiaries from transferring money to the Issuer to service debt on the Issuer level,

"SR-Bank" means Sparebank 1 SR-Bank ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 937 895 321.

"SR-Bank Loan" means the loan facility of NOK 29,555,512 (as of 30 June 2014) granted by SR-Bank to Ulsetskogen Bamehage AS as of the Settlement Date. The SR-Bank Loan is secured on first priority basis over the SR-Property.

"SR Property" means the property with the Norwegian property designation Gnr. 189, bnr.378. related to Ulsetskogen Bamehage

"Stam data" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means Property HoldCo and all other subsidiaries of the Issuer as set out in Attachment 4, as well as any Additional Subsidiaries.

"Subordinated Loan" means the zero coupon subordinated loan in the maximum aggregate amount of NOK 121,9 million provided to the Issuer by Kidprop AS, registration number 912 507 297, incorporated in Norway. The Subordinated Loan shall be fully subordinated to the Bond Issue (according to the Subordination Undertaking towards the Bond Trustee) and without payment in cash or in kind, including interest, amortization or principal, during the term o f the Bonds.

"Subordination Undertaking" means an irrevocable undertaking by lenders under the agreement for the Subordinated Loan towards the Bond Trustee regarding, inter alia, the full subordination of all monetary claims under the agreement for the Subordinated Loan and no payment of interest, principal, and acceleration stop and default restrictions, on terms satisfactory to the Bond Trustee.

16

Nordic Trustee ASA

"Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after the Settlement Date up to the Maximum Loan Amount.

"Total Loss Event" means if a Property bums down or otherwise is damaged in a way that it cannot be used.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or

regulation;

(f)

an Event o f Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;

and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency o f a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1

Binding nature o f this Bond

Agreement

2.1.1 By virtue of beingregistered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1,

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

17

Nordic Trustee ASA

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series o f Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 500,000,000 (FIVE HUNDRED MILLION NORWEGIAN KRONER). The Bond Issue may compromise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount of NOK 385,000,000 (THREE HUNDRED AND EIGHTYFIVE MILLION NORWEGIAN KRONER) (the "Initial Tranche").

2.2.2

The Issuer may, subject to compliance with all financial covenants subsequent to such issue (and as measured at that time), at its sole discretion, issue further tranches, until the outstanding loan amount equals the Maximum Loan Amount. Each such additional trance shall be o f minimum NOK 100,000,000 (ONE HUNDRED MILLION NORWEGIAN KRONER).

2.2.3

The Bond Issue is an open (tap) issue and will be closed no later than five Business Days prior to Maturity Date at which time no further tap issues may be made.

2.2.4

All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects, save for adjustment to (i) issue amount and (ii) issue price for the Tap Issue. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

2.2.5

The Face Value is NOK 1,000 (ONE THOUSAND NORWEGIAN KRONER). The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves. The minimum subscription and allotment amount shall be NOK 1,000,000, and integral multiples o f NOK 500,000 thereof.

2.2.6 The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Pioneer Public Properties III AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019",

2.2.7 The ISIN o f the Bond Issue will be N00010714124.

2.2.8 The tenor o f the Bonds is from and including the Settlement Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1 The net proceeds from the Initial Tranche (net o f legal costs, fees o f the Manager and the Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) shall be used to partly finance the acquisition o f the shares in Property HoldCo.

2.3.2 The net proceeds from any Tap Issue shall be used as follows:

(a)

to replace the SR-Bank Loan (subject to the Bond getting the 1st lien

mortgage over the Property related to such loan);

(b) to partly finance the acquisition of Additional Properties; or

(c)

to finance Investments.

18

Nordic Trustee ASA

Listing

The Issuer shall apply for listing o f the Bonds on Oslo Børs.
If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.
Registration in the Securities Depository

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions o f the Securities Depository.
The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy o f the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.
The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.
Purchase and transfer of Bonds

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.
Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.
Conditions Precedent

Pre-Settlement

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Initial Tranche into the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Settlement Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents and the Project Documents;

(c)

a power o f attorney ffom the Issuer to relevant individuals for their

execution of the relevant Finance Documents and the Project Documents, or

extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such

19

Nordic Trustee ASA

individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents and the Project Documents on behalf o f the Issuer;

(d) copies o f (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association o f the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer's opening balance sheet;

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(j)

copies o f any written documentation used in the marketing o f the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee, including (but not limited to) a statement signed by the board members of, and on behalf of, the Issuer confirming that the Subsidiaries meets the requirements set in "Forskrift om urmtcikfra aksjeloven § 8-10 og allmetmaksjeloven § 8-10 FOR-1998-12-18-1333" chapter 3, thus enabling the Subsidiaries to legally mortgage the Properties as set out herein;

(l)

copies of the Project Documents (save for the Additional Property Master

Lease) signed and executed by relevant parties;

(m) establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank); and

(n) satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer has been capitalised with NOK 16,000,000 of cash equity, and that such cash has been transferred to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Pre-Disbursement Initial Tranche

The amount in the Escrow Account after the Initial Tranche shall only be used according to Clause 2.3.1, and the release of the first release from the Escrow Account for the respective purposes set out below will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

20

Nordic Trustee ASA

(b) relevant invoices and/or agreements or other supporting documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

(c)

no (potential) Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing;

(d) a written confirmation from the Issuer that the Group has no other Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness, duly certified by a director of the Issuer;

(e) necessary corporate resolutions from the relevant Group Company to execute the Security (unless delivered Pre-Settlement);

(f)

provide evidence o f all relevant Insurances having been taken out, including

that the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) is also covered under

the Insurances as mortgagee;

(g) satisfactory evidence that the title to the Properties (or land lease (No. festekontrakt) as the case may be) belongs to the Issuer through its Subsidiaries, including transcript from the relevant registry;

(h) satisfactory evidence that all relevant Security (except the Escrow Account Pledge which is being delivered Pre-Settlement and for any Additional Security) has been executed and perfected according to closing procedure acceptable to the Bond Trustee;

(i)

confirmation or legal opinion confirming that the settlement procedure with

respect to repayment of the Short Term Loan is legal and enforceable;

(j)

evidence that Service Property AS and its subsidiaries have at least NOK

130,000,000 o f Cash and Cash Equivalents available;

(k) all legal opinions, if any, reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and

(l)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer has in aggregate a

minimum fully paid in subordinated capital ofNOK 386.8 million,

consisting o f (i) the Subordinated Loan and (ii) equity of minimum NOK

264.8 million;

(m) any other Finance Documents and Project Documents (unless delivered PreSettlement and to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and are executed.

6.3 Pre-Settlement Tap Issue

Disbursement of the net proceeds of any Tap Issue into the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Settlement Date:

(a)

the necessary addendum to this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all

parties thereto;

21

Nordic Trustee ASA

(b) copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the Tap Issue;

(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf o f the Issuer;

(d) copies of (i) the Certificate o f Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

(e) the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Tap Issue;

(h) confirmation that the Bonds issued by the Tap Issue have been registered in the Securities Depository; and

(i)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing o f the Bonds

issued under the Tap Issue or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in

connection with the Tap Issue.

6.4 Pre-Disbursement Tap Issue

The amount in the Escrow Account after any Tap Issue shall only be used according to Clause 2.3.2, and the release of the net proceeds of any Tap Issue from the Escrow Account for the respective purposes set out below will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b) the Issuer's presentation o f a financing solution with committed capital for 100 % o f the budgeted cost o f the project to be financed by the Tap Issue;

(c)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the Issuer, for the purpose of

financing the equity portion of the acquisition o f the Additional Properties

and Investments, has cash equity available on its accounts from either (i)

asset disposals (whereas the cash has been transferred to the Escrow

Account), (ii) share issue or (iii) as excess cash above the Minimum Cash

Threshold of no less than 27% of the Investment amount or the Acquisition

Price for the Additional Properties;

(d) relevant invoices and/or agreements or other supporting documentation
evidencing that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance
with the Purpose o f the Tap Issue;

(e)

no (potential) Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

22

Nordic Trustee ASA

(f)

necessary corporate resolutions from the relevant Group Company to

execute the Additional Security and relevant Project Documents;

(g) evidence of all relevant Insurances having been taken out related to the Additional Properties and Investments (including that the Bond Trustee, on behalf of the Bondholders, is also covered under the Insurances as mortgagee).

(h) a written confirmation from the Issuer that the Group has no other Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness, duly certified by a director of the Issuer;

(i)

confirmation from the Issuer that the Group on a pro forma basis will be

within all covenants of the Bond Agreement following the release of funds

from the relevant Tap Issue;

(j)

confirmation from the Issuer that there are sufficient funds available to

finance the entire debt and equity portion o f such Additional Property or

Investment (whichever applicable);

(k) satisfactory evidence of title to the Additional Properties, or the land lease (No:festekontrakt, Sw; tomträtt) as the case may be, transferred to the Issuer through its Subsidiaries, including transcript from the relevant registry;

(l)

in case the seller o f the Additional Property is the Lessee, the Lessee Parent

or any of their affiliates (and, for the avoidance o f doubt, only in such case):

documentation from an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase

brokers familiar with the market for the Additional Properties, appointed by

the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee, evidencing that the

Acquisition Price is at arm's length basis and at fair market terms;

(m) documentation evidencing that (i) the Additional Properties have been included in the Additional Property Master Lease (with no less than 8.00% yield per Additional Property) and the Management Agreement; and (ii) that the relevant Lease is adjusted following an Investment to make sure that the yield on such Investment is still minimum 8.00% under the relevant leases;

(n) satisfactory evidence that all relevant Additional Security has been executed and perfected according to closing procedure acceptable to the Bond Trustee;

(o) all legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee; and

(p) any other Finance Documents and Project Documents (to the extent applicable) are in acceptable form and are executed.

Disbursement, conditions fulfilled

(a)

Disbursement o f the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond

Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent

23

Nordic Trustee ASA

that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

(b) On the Settlement Date, or on the date of a subsequent Tap Issue as the case may be, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause (a), the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Initial Tranche or Tap Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.6 Waiver o f deadlines or requirements

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadlines or requirements for documentation as set out in Clauses 6.1, 6.2,6.3 and 6.4,

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

7.1.1 Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws o f its jurisdiction o f incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted,

7.1.2 Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.1.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.1.4 Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.1.5 No Event of Default

(a)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making o f any

drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of,

or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

24

Nordic Trustee ASA
(b) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving o f notice, the making o f any determination or any combination of any o f the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any o f its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.6 Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(a) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
7.1.7 Litigation
No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best o f its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any o f its Subsidiaries.
7.1.8 Financial Statements
Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.1.9 No Material Adverse Effect
Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.1.10 No misleading information
Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.1.11 No withholdings
The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
25

Nordic Trustee ASA

7.1.12 Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

7.1.13 Security

No Security exists over any o f the present assets o f any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Settlement Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations o f the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws o f general application) and shall rank ahead o f subordinated debt.

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interests. In the case of a sale or disposal o f a Property which constitutes a Permitted Disposal, all Security Interests related to such Property shall however be released forthwith upon the request o f the Issuer according to agreed closing procedure.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value o f the Bonds from, and including, the Settlement Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating R ate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling on 27 September 2014.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Settlement Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including, that Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.
9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning o f the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

I/f// / 26

Nordic Trustee ASA

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Amount

Value

Floating

x

Floating Rate

Rate

Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity and instalments

The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in instalments as follows:

(a) an amount equalling 7.00% of the issued Bond amount (including Tap Issues that have been issued) with settlement on the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(b) an amount equalling 7.00% o f the issued Bond amount (including Tap Issues that have been issued) with settlement on the Interest Payment Date falling 3 years after the Settlement Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(c)

an amount equalling 7.00% of the issued Bond amount (including Tap

Issues that have been issued) with settlement on the Interest Payment Date

falling 4 years after the Settlement Date at 100% of par value (plus accrued

interest on redeemed amount); and

(d) The remaining outstanding amount at Final Maturity Date at 100% o f par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

Payment o f instalments must be carried out pro rata in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

10.2 Call Option

10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (all or nothing) as follows (Call Option):

(a)

With settlement date from and including the Settlement Date to, but not

including, the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after Settlement Date at

a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i) the present value of 104.00 % of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after Settlement Date;

Nordic Trustee ASA

(ii) the present value of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after Settlement Date; and
(iii) accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount,

both a) and b) above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Norwegian Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration o f the Bonds until the date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date) on the 10th Business Day prior to the repayment date;

(b) with settlement date from and including the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 2 (two) years after the Settlement Date up to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 3 (three) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 104.00 % o f par value;

(c) with settlement date from and including the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 3 (three) years after the Settlement Date up to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 4 (four) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 102.00 % o f par value;

(d) with settlement date from and including the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 4 (four) years after the Settlement Date, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 4.5 (four and a half) years after the Settlement Date at a price equal to 101.00 % of par value; or

(e) with settlement date from and including the Interest Payment Date falling on or about 4.5 (four and a half) years after the Settlement Date up to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100% of par value;

in all instances with the addition o f accrued interest on the redeemed amount.

The applicable call price above shall be determined on the basis o f the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.2 Exercise o f the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

28

Nordic Trustee ASA

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change o f Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% o f par value plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change o f Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date o f the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each o f the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount o f each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

10.4.1

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event or a Mandatory Prepayment Disposal occurring, the Issuer shall, not later than 30 days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event or Mandatory Prepayment Disposal, unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly, redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds:

(a) upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring: at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.1; and

(b) upon Mandatory Prepayment Disposal occurring: at an price equal to 104% o f par value (plus accrued interests on the redeemed amount) for the time period from the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date and thereafter at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.1.

10.4.2 In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.2 have not been fulfilled within two months after the Settlement date, the Issuer shall immediately redeem the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value plus accrued interest.

10.4.3 For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the relevant event or disposal occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.

10.4.4 If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Clause 10.4, the entire amount on the Escrow Account, together with any insurance proceeds may be applied to prepay the Bonds.

10.5 Disposal Put Option

10.5.1 During the course of a Permitted Disposal, each Bondholder shall have a right of prepayment ("Disposal Put Option") of Bonds for an amount equaling to the net proceeds from the sale o f a Property which has not been reinvested in Additional

29

Nordic Trustee ASA

Properties or Investments within 90 days following the transfer o f the net proceeds into the Escrow Account.

10.5.2

Under the Disposal Put Option, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems Bonds on a pro rata basis for an amount equalling the net proceeds remaining after the sale of the asset at a price of 101% of par value plus accrued interest.

10.5.3

The Disposal Put Option must be exercised within 30 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee o f any amount not being invested within 90 days. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after the expiration o f such 90 days period.

10.5.4

The Disposal Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice o f the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Disposal Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end o f the 30 day exercise period of the Disposal Put Option.

11

Payments

11.1 Covenant to pay

11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit o f the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

11.2 Payment mechanics

11.2.1

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer, the Bondholders or others o f other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge o f its obligations under Clause 11.1.1.

11.3 Currency

30

Nordic Trustee ASA

11.3.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect o f costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

11.5.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

11.5.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1.1, cf. Clauses 15.2-15.4.

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:
(a) first, in or towards payment o f any unpaid fees, costs and expenses o f the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

31

Nordic Trustee ASA

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding o f Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date o f this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing o f any Event o f Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part o f its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements, together with a summary of any valuation reports for the Property, and make them available on the website of Pioneer Capital Partners AS (www.pioneercapital.no) or the future website relating to the Issuer in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 90 days after the end o f the financial year. Such reports shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and Management Commentary or report from the Board of Directors;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts, together with a summary of any valuation reports for the Property, and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end o f the relevant quarter (first relevant quarter ending on 30 September 2014). Such reports shall be prepared in accordanc

32

Nordic Trustee ASA

with IFRS, and include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and Management Commentary or report from the Board of Directors;

(e)

at the request o f the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies o f any

statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in

connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share

capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee o f its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee o f changes in the

registration o f the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond

Trustee is entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository

or Paying Agent directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's

business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably

request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause (c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.2.3

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute such reports as referred to in 13.2.1 (c), (d) and 13.4.11 to the Bondholders (through VPS and www,stamdata.no), provided that, in the event the report is requested through VPS, the Bond Trustee is provided coverage by the Issuer for any costs incurred.

13.3 General Covenants

13.3.1 Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8,1.

13.3.2 Mergers

33

Nordic Trustee ASA
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation o f the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any other Group Company with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect, save for any Permitted Reorganisation.
13.3.3 De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f the Issuer or any other Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect, save for any Permitted Reorganisation.
13.3.4 Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature o f the business of the Group from that carried on at the date o f this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall remain as a single-purpose company owning the Properties through its 100% directly owned Subsidiaries and being the Lessee's counterparty under the Master Leases.
13.3.5 Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of any Property, directly or indirectly through sale o f shares in a Subsidiary, unless the disposal constitutes a Permitted Disposal.
13.3.6 Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value. The Issuer shall thus not allow itself or any other Group Company to engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering o f any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement o f the Issuer's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favorable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
13.3.7 Corporate status
The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
13.3.8 Constitutional documents
The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, amend its constitutional documents in such a way which would have Material Adverse Effect (it being understood that any amendment relating to issuance of new shares will be permitted).
34

Nordic Trustee ASA

13.3.9 Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all aspects and comply in all respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time. Breach of these obligations shall be regarded as non-compliance only if such breach would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.10 Security Documents

The Issuer shall do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that each Security Document remains duly created, enforceable and perfected first priority security documents (save for the Second Priority Mortgage perfected on second priority), at the expenses o f the Issuer or the relevant security provider (as the case may be).

13.3.11 Environmental matters

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that all other Group Companies will:

(a) comply in all material respects with all Environmental Laws relevant to its business and operations;

(b) promptly upon becoming aware, notify the Bond Trustee of any Environmental Claim initiated, or to its knowledge, threatened;

(c)

promptly upon becoming aware, notify the Bond Trustee of any

circumstances reasonably likely to result in an Environmental Clain or any

suspension, revocation or notification o f any Environmental Permit;

(d) implement procedures to monitor compliance with and to prevent liability and Environmental Law applicable to it or a Property, where failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or directly result in any liability for any Bondholder; and

(e) indemnify each Bondholder against any loss or liability which that Bondholder incurs as a direct result o f any actual or alleged breach of any Environmental law by any Group Company, and would not have arisen if a Finance Document had not been entered into, unless it is caused by that Bondholders gross negligence or wilful misconduct.

13.3.12 Maintenance o f Properties

The Issuer shall exercise its rights under the Project Documents to procure that the Lessee fulfils its maintenance obligations in accordance with the Project Documents, hereunder that the Properties and all inventory are kept in a state of good and safe condition and state o f repair consistent with good industry standard, and if necessary, replaced with items o f similar quality and value, all according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system. Such maintenance shall be paid directly by the Lessee.

13.3.13 Total Loss Event

35

Nordic Trustee ASA
Upon a Total Loss Event, unless an Event o f Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer (in connection with the relevant Subsidiary) shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available, however subject to the right o f Husbanken for the Husbanken Properties and the right of SR-Bank for the SR Property, utilize such proceeds to rebuild or repair the Property or otherwise retain such insurance proceeds on a pledged account in favour o f the Bondholders, subject to the Bond Trustee's prior written consent.
13.3.14 Insurance
The Issuer shall procure that reasonable and satisfactory insurance of the Properties and all relevant equipment related thereto are taken out with reputable insurance companies and that they remain valid at all times (the "Insurances"). The Issuer shall ensure that the Insurances for each Property covers its full value (No. fullverdiforsikret) - including, for the avoidance of doubt, coverage to rebuild the property to meet the then current public requirements and cleaning up any damage on the land), rental loss for 24 months (No. driftsavbmddsforsikring) and all such other risks as are customary for companies engaged in real estate generally and preschooling specifically to take out insurance. The Issuer shall provide documentation evidencing that the Bond Trustee (on behalf o f the Bondholders) is also covered by the Insurances.
13.3.15 Subsidiary Distribution
The Issuer shall not permit any o f its Subsidiaries to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right o f any Subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, other than permitting to subsist such contractual obligation which is not reasonably likely to prevent the Issuer from complying with its payment obligations under the Bond Agreement.
13.4 Special covenants
13.4.1 Ownership in Subsidiaries
The Issuer shall ensure that all the Subsidiaries are 100% directly or indirectly owned and that the Issuer has no ownership in legal entities other than the Subsidiaries.
13.4.2 Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not, without the approval o f the Bond Trustee, declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other capital distributions to its shareholders (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party and not make any payments under the Subordinated Loan whether in cash or in kind other than conversion to shares during the term o f the Bonds) implying a transfer o f value to its shareholders exceeding 25% o f the Group's net profit on a consolidated basis for the previous financial year, provided always that immediately after such a transaction the Issuer complies with the financial covenants it has undertaken to comply with under this Bond Agreement.
Notwithstanding the limitations above, the Issuer may, at the same time as first disbursement distribute the amount of NOK 16,000,000 that was paid into the
36

Nordic Trustee ASA

Escrow Account as cash equity, by way o f partial redemption of the Subordinated Loan (from NOK 121,9 million to NOK 105,9 million).

13.4.3 Project Documents

The Issuer shall not, without the approval of the Bond Trustee,

(a)

allow itself or any other Group Company to, in respect of any Project

Documents (i) transfer by way o f assignment any of its rights and interests

other than pursuant to the Finance Documents, (ii) amend, waive,

supplement, modify or give any consent under any Project Document or

exercise any material option thereunder, or (iii) agree to the cancellation or

termination o f any Project Document or take any legal or administrative

action that seeks to rescind or terminate such Project Documents, except in

the event that it constitutes a substitution o f the said Project Document

which is acceptable to the Bond Trustee acting reasonably; or

(b) allow itself or any other Group Company to agree to or permit the assignment of any rights under the Project Documents unless expressly permitted thereunder except for any change resulting from a Permitted Reorganisation;

13.4.4 Use of liquidity following disbursement

The Issuer shall ensure that the Short Term Loan is repaid within 3 months following first disbursement from the Escrow Account.

13.4.5 Payments under the Management Agreement

The Issuer shall procure that any payments under the Management Agreement are subordinated to the obligations under the Finance Documents.

13.4.6 Husbanken Loans and SR-Bank Loan

The Issuer shall procure that neither any Husbanken Loans, nor SR-Bank Loan, shall be amended or refinanced resulting in terms amending the loan amount, the amortization profile o f the loan or security structure. Further, for any other terms, the Husbanken Loans and SR Bank Loan shall not be amended or refinanced resulting in terms not being in accordance with standard market practice. For the avoidance of doubt, the SR-Bank Loan may be replaced by a Tap Issue under the Bond Issue, subject to the Bond getting the 1st lien mortgage over the Property related to such loan.

13.4.7 Financial Indebtedness restrictions

The Issuer shall not, without the approval o f the Bond Trustee,

(a) allow itself or any other Group Company to incur or permit to remain outstanding any additional Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness;

Nordic Trustee ASA
(b) allow itself or any other Group Company to make any other financial or other arrangements concerning the Properties other than provided for in the Finance Documents, which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Bond Agreement; or
13.4.8 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, without the approval of the Bond Trustee allow itself or any other Group Company to create or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for Permitted Security.
13.4.9 Financial support restriction
The Issuer shall not, without the approval of the Bond Trustee, allow itself or any other Group Company to grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to or on behalf o f any third party, except for Permitted Financial Support.
13.4.10 Capital expenditure restriction
The Issuer shall not, without the approval of the Bond Trustee, allow itself or any other Group Company to make any investments or capital expenditures, other than Investments or the acquisition of Additional Properties, provided that such Investments or acquisitions are fully pre-funded by (a) minimum 27% cash equity available from either (i) asset disposals, (ii) share issue, (iii) excess cash above the Minimum Cash Threshold or (iv) proceeds from Husbanken Loans, and (B) maximum (i) 73% debt if such debt results from Tap Issues or (ii) maximum 100% if such debt results from Husbanken Loans, provided always that if such Additional Properties or Investments are funded by more than 73% Husbanken Loans, such Husbanken Loans shall always be through a single purpose Subsidiary on a non recourse basis. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum free Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group shall be no less than the Minimum Cash Threshold immediately following such Investment or acquisition,
13.4.11 Loan to value requirement
The Issuer shall ensure that the aggregate o f (a) the market value of the Properties as further detailed below (the "M arket Value"), and (b) the Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group, at all times exceeds 120% of the (on a consolidated basis) total Financial Indebtedness of the Group /w sthe Subordinated Loan (the "LTV Ratio" or the "LTV Requirem ent"). The Issuer will update the Market Value of the Properties on an annual basis in accordance with IFRS. This valuation will be backed by a valuation report from an independent and well-reputed sale and purchase broker familiar with the market for the Properties, appointed by the Issuer and acceptable to the Bond Trustee. The updated Market Value o f the Properties shall be made in connection with the preparation of the Issuer's annual report (and received by the Bond Trustee together with the annual report), or upon request by the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably) received by the Bond Trustee within 45 Business Days after such request. The cost o f such valuation shall be for the account o f the Issuer;
13.4.12 Minimum Cash Threshold

Nordic Trustee ASA

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group at all times maintains an amount of Cash and Cash Equivalents equaling or more than 6 months of interest under the outstanding amount under the Bonds (the "Minimum Cash Threshold"), to be evidenced by a compliance certificate (with the quarterly interim unaudited report enclosed) to the Bond Trustee o f a quarterly basis in the respective reporting dates.

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement o f this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective o f such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder o f any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default o f the Bond Issue and the enforcement o f any Finance Document.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any o f the following events:
15.1.1 Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion o f the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.
15.1.2 Breach o f other obligations

39

Nordic Trustee ASA
The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable o f being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee. If at any time there is a breach o f the LTV Requirement or the Minimum Cash Threshold, the breach shall be considered to be cured provided that the Issuer no later than 25 days after the breach has been established place such sum required to cure such breach into the Escrow Account if such breach is related to the LTV Requirement (and such amount shall remain deposited on the Escrow Account until such cure is no longer required) and into any account of the Group if such breach is related to the Minimum Cash Threshold.
15.1.3 Events related to the Lessee and Lessee Parent
Termination or material breach o f any o f the Master Leases or the Lessee Parent Guarantee.
15.1.4 Cross default
If for any Group Company:
(a) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result o f an event o f default (however described);
(c) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event o f default (however described); or
(d) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event o f default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount o f Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above o f a total ofNOK 5,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
15.1.5 Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
15.1.6 Insolvency
(a) A Group Company, the Lessee or the Lessee Parent is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or suspends making payments on any of its debts.
40

Nordic Trustee ASA
(b) The value of the assets o f any Group Company, the Lessee or the Lessee Parent is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities)
15.1.7 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Group Company, the Lessee or the Lessee Parent, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(b) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or
(c) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets;
(d) or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This paragraph (f) shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 14 days of commencement.
15.1.8 Creditors' process
Any Group Company, the Lessee or the Lessee Parent having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any o f its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in paragraph (c) above.
15.1.9 Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms o f any Finance Document to which it is a party.
15.1.10 Material Adverse Change
Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests o f the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other
41

Nordic Trustee ASA

contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.
15.3 In the event that one or more o f the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms o f Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result o f an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.
15.5 Proceeds received following an Event of Default, which is outstanding and continuing, shall be applied in the following order o f priority:
(a) first, in or towards payment o f any unpaid fees, costs and expenses o f the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any kind;
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(d) finally, the balance, if any, shall be paid to the Issuer.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

42

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment o f any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction o f the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction o f principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval o f the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, The summons and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time o f distribution. The Exchange shall also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda o f the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval o f all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond

43

Nordic Trustee ASA

Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes o f the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case o f dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting,

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close o f business on the day prior to the date o f the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence o f ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount o f Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case o f parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless o f the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) o f the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority o f the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

Nordic Trustee ASA

16.3.5 A majority o f at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms o f this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified o f resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quomm pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2

The procedures and resolutions as set out in 16.2 and 16.3 above also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment o f principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event o f Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event o f Default has occurred.

Nordic Trustee ASA

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests o f the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch o f such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3,5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content o f information provided to the Bondholders on behalf o f the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result o f negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms o f this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer

46

Nordic Trustee ASA

in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause (a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change o f Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14.2(b), but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee o f its duties pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment of Security Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions o f the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf o f the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties o f their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations o f the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment o f a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

47

Nordic Trustee ASA

17.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all o f the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder o f the relevant Security (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account o f the Issuer.

IS Miscellaneous

18.1 The community o f Bondholders
By virtue o f holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement o f the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership o f Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;
(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against, the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interests under the Finance Documents, regardless o f claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;
(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;
(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and
(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Bond Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions (the "Bond Defeasance"):

48

Nordic Trustee ASA

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment o f principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise o f a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise o f a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate

that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of

preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors o f the Issuer or with the

intent o f defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors o f

the Issuer or others; and

(c) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statements regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of the Bond Defeasance:

(a) The Issuer shall be released from the obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses (a), (e), (h) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(e) all other provisions o f this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders o f all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.2.4 if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement o f the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

49

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions o f the Norwegian Limitation Act o f May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy o f this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5 Amendments

All amendments o f this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval o f all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

50

Nordic Trustee ASA

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

I f the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force

shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the

deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is

postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law. The appropriate law shall govern the other Finance Documents.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number o f jurisdictions.

sjc $ ;jc $ $

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer;

Bond Trustee: PUBLIC PI `ERTIES III AS NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA

S y:

/A A . /L ö fiS r J

Position: C f o f r

By: Position:

N O R D IC TR U §IE£ A S A j

\J

Advokat/Attom ey-at-Law

51

I

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N -0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

PIONEER PUBLIC PROPERTIES m AS BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2019 - ISIN N00010714124

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;

4. in accordance with Clause 13.4.11 the LTV Ratio is as o f [date] XX; and

5. in accordance with Clause 13.4.12 the level of Cash and Cash Equivalents in the Group is as of [date] XX.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Youj?<thit|fully,

P/

>uhlic Properties III AS

fame o f authorizedperson
inclosure: [copy o f any written documentckion\

52

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 4 7 2 2 8 7 9 4 1 0 E-mail: mail@nordictrustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

PIONEER PUBLIC PROPERTIES III AS BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2019 - ISDN N00010714124

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf o f the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof

Yours faithfully,

sr Public Properties III AS

''Name o fauthorized person
Enclosure: [copy o fany writtefTdocumentation evidencing the use offunds]

53

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 3

LIST OF ESPIRA PROPERTIES

No

Name of owner

1. Bjergene Barnehage AS

Address Peer Gyntsveg 6E

Cadastral number Gnr. 35, bnr. 1650

Municipality Haugesund

Share 1/1

Drawn loan amount (NOK) (30.06.2014)
9,330.818

Lender Husbanken

2. Brådalsfjellet Barnehage Brådalsfjellet 1 Gnr. 46. bnr. 499 Gjerdrum 1/1 10,167,998 Husbanken

AS

3. Dragerskogen Barnehage Bakkerudvegen Gnr. 37, bnr. 263 Vestre Toten 1/1 12,345,630 Husbanken

AS

70

4. Dvergsnestangen

Valsvigveién 11 Gnr. 96. bnr. 685 Kristiansand 1/1 15,561,364 Husbanken

Barnehage AS

5. Furuholmen Barnehage Grinderstubben 1 Gnr. 14, bnr. 175 Nes

1/1 5,005,983 Husbanken

AS

6. Garhaug Barnehage AS Hestaberg 15

Gnr. 104. bnr. 247 Tysvær

1/1 8.070.031 Husbanken

7. Gullhella Barnehage AS Korpefaret 3

Gnr. 61, bnr. 697 Asker

1/1 11.349,320 Husbanken

8. Gåserud Barnehage AS Peltersvollen 31 Gnr. 80, bnr. 1561 Drammen 1/1 7,665,357 Husbanken

9. Halsnoy Kloster

Eidsnesvegen 73 Gnr. 191, bnr. 332 Kvinnherad 1/1

Barnehage AS

10. Helldalsåsen Barnehage Sandalsringen 260 Gnr. 43, bnr. 1040 Bergen

1/1

AS

11. Hovtorp Fort Barnehage Vardeveien 72 Gnr. 55. bnr. 205 Eidsberg

1/1

AS

12. Kloverenga Barnehage Øvre Drognesveg Gnr. 169, bnr. 251 Nes

1/1

AS

2

13. Kniveåsen Barnehage Knivevn. 55

Gnr. 34, bnr. 204 Drammen 1/1

AS

14. Krystallveien Barnehage Krystallveien 2 Gnr. 46, bnr. 719 Sandnes

1/1

AS

15. Kuventræ Barnehage AS Industrim 99

Gnr. 54, bnr.

Os

1/1

705/766/767

16. Litlasund Barnehage AS Vikafjellvegen 4 Gnr. 141, bnr. 180 Karmøy

1/1

13,353,258 Husbanken 5,380,871 Husbanken 7,150,764 Husbanken 9,786,766 Husbanken 14,539,284 Husbanken 21,790,213 Husbanken 20,943,496 Husbanken 17,342,000 Husbanken

17. Løvestad Barnehage AS Nordinyrstubben Gnr. 9, bnr. 133 Spydeberg 1/1 13,046,712 Husbanken

25

18. Marthahaugen

Ådlandsvcgen

Gnr. 27, bnr. 199 Meland

1/1 11,000.884 Husbanken

Barnehage AS

325

19. Mvraskogen Barnehage Østensbuvn 137 Gnr. 445, bnr. 173 Arendal

1/1 17.556.262 Husbanken

AS

20. Nordmo Barnehage AS Gaupevn. 12

Gnr. 13. bnr. 1008 Elverum

1/1 2,790,500 Husbanken

21. Opaker Barnehage AS Skolealléen 4

Gnr. 136, bnr. 336 Nes

1/1 13,651,201 Husbanken

22. Opsahl Barnehage AS Opsahlveien21 Gnr. 57, bnr. 410 Eidsberg

1/1 7.400.000 Husbanken

23. Onnadalen Barnehage Erleveien 3 AS
24. Rambjora Barnehage AS Kattuglebrotet 3

Gnr. 9. bnr. 589 Klepp Gnr. 10, bnr. 737 Bergen

1/1 26,314,849 Husbanken 1/1 6.375,067 Husbanken

25. Ree Barnehage AS

Linevegen 19

Gnr. 3. bnr. 745 Time

l/l 13,684,430 Husbanken

26. Romholl Barnehage AS Moldengutua 4 Gnr. 247, bnr. 31 Gran

1/1 6,993,517/ /^sbajolcen

r 54

Nordic Trustee ASA

No

Name of owner

Address

27. Rubbestadneset

Sollia 30

Barnehage AS

28. Rå Barnehage AS

Steinsvikvn. 397

AogB

29. Salamonskogen

Svortland

Barnehage AS*

30. Salamonskogen

il

Barnehage AS

31. Skolegata Barnehage AS Skolegata 1

Cadastral number Gnr. 83, bnr. 626

Municipality Bomlo

Share 1/1

Drawn loan amount (NOK) (30.06.2014)
7,333.233

Lender Husbanken

Gnr. 120. bnr. 464 Bergen

1/1 37,205,288 Husbanken

Gnr. 109. bnr.

Bomlo

388/1 Gnr. 109, bnr. 556 »1

1/1 5.791,554 Husbanken 1/1 8,640,989 Husbanken

Gnr. 99. bnr. 287 Askim

1/1 8,335,094 Husbanken

32. Skåredalen Barnehage Tonnnerdalen 24 Gnr. 4, bnr. 298 Haugesund 1/1

AS

33. Snurrefjellet Barnehage Skysetveien 8

Gnr. 3, bnr. 611 Nittedal

1/1

AS

34. Solknatten Barnehage Solåsen 2

Gnr. 44. bnr. 882 Bergen

1/1

AS

35. Stongafjellet Barnehage Stongafjellvn. 40 Gnr. 10, bnr. 661 Askøy

l/l

AS

36. Sundbvfoss Barnehage Seljevn 1

Gnr. 54, bnr. 87 Hof

1/1

AS

37. Tjøsvoll Barnehage AS Tosteinvegen 35 Gnr. 13, bnr. 683 Karmøy

1/1

25,187,416 8,665,800 26.964,289 17.163,395 17,335,180 16,071,227

Husbanken Husbanken Husbanken Husbanken Husbanken Husbanken

38. Torsbergskogen Barnehage AS
39. Ulsetskogen Bameliage AS
40. Vagletjom Barnehage AS
41. Vannverksdannnen Barnehage AS
42. Vanse Barnehage AS

Djupdalsveien 227 Midtkleiva 56
Vaglefjellbakken 276 Stollen 5
Østre Vatne

Gnr. 80, bnr. 1545 Drammen Gnr. 189. bnr. 378 Bergen Gnr. 51, bm-. 64 Sandnes Gnr. 104, bnr. 38 Drammen Gnr. 22. bnr. 145 Farsund

1/1 5,445.874 Husbanken 1/1 29,555,512 SR-Bank 1/1 15,831,917 Husbanken 1/1 14.245.424 Husbanken 1/1 8,657,905 Husbanken

43. Veldetun Barnehage AS Veldetunveien 20 Gnr. 88, bnr. 248 Karmøy

1/1 4.927,088 Husbanken

44. Østrem Barnehage AS Auslreiveien 9 Gnr. 66, bnr. 853 Karmov

1/1 8,810.008 Husbanken

45. Abol Barnehage AS

Lingelemveien 84 Gnr. 38, bnr. 249 Sandefjord 1/1 25.462,116 Husbanken

46. Århaug Barnehage AS Eikjeveien 255 Gnr. 115, bnr. 258 Karmøy

1/1 6,050,214 Husbanken

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 4

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

No Subsidiary

1.

Care Real Estate AS

Organization number
913 018 303

2. Service Property AS

982 211 867

3. Bjorgene Bamehage AS

987 617 004

4. Bradalsfjellet Bamehage AS 988 041 513

5. Dragerskogen Bamehage AS 989 932 454

6. Dvergsnestangen Bamehage 989 512 595

AS

7. Furuholmen Bamehage AS

987 254 793

8. Garliaug Bamehage AS

986 193 952

9. Gullhella Bamehage AS

985 035 563

10. Gaserud Bamehage AS

985 088 330

11. Halsnoy Kloster Bamehage AS 990 301 565

12. Helldalsasen Bamehage AS

985 072 876

1I 'J'. Hoytorp Fort Bamehage AS

988 263 265

14. Kloverenga Bamehage AS

987 459 212

15. KniveSsen Bamehage AS

989 319 515

16. Krystallveien Bamehage AS 991.998.136

17. Kuvenlne Bamehage AS

988 305 081

18. Litlasund Bamehage AS

990 586 136

19. Lovestad Bamehage AS

991 127 461

20. Marthahaugen Bamehage AS 989 587 706

21. Myraskogen Bamehage AS

990 786 437

22. Nordruo Bamehage AS

885 088 562

23. Opaker Bamehage AS

988 771 309

24. Opsahl Bamehage AS

985 642 192

25. Ormadalen Bamehage AS

992 061 421

26. Rambjora Bamehage AS

986 194 215

27. Ree Bamehage AS

988 598 283

28. Romholt Bamehage AS

988 096 520

29. Rubbestadneset Bamehage AS 991 996 079

30. Ra Bamehage AS

976 149 580

Owner
Issuer (100%) Care Real Estate AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%)
Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property'AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property' AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Properly AS (100%)

56

Nordic Trustee ASA

No Subsidiary

Organization number

31. Salamonskogen Bamehage AS 989 512 846

32. Skolegaia Bamehage AS

986 193 960

33. Skäredalen Bameliage AS

990 779 902

34. Snurrefjellet Bameliage AS

985 941 831

35. Solknalten Bamehage AS

989 972 707

36. Stongafjellet Bamehage AS 988 598 232

37. Sundbyfoss Bamehage AS

992 184 302

38. Tjosvoll Bamehage AS

891 723 962

39. Torsbergskogen Bamehage AS 991 356 398

40. Ulsetskogen Bameliage AS 41. Vagletjom Bamehage AS

990 301 506 988 635 235

42. Vannverksdamnien Bamehage 989 319 663

AS

43. Vanse Bamehage AS

987 490 276

44. Veldetun Bamehage AS

885 462 332

45. 0strem Bamehage AS

986 493 867

46. Abol Bamehage AS

990 301 522

47. Arliaug Bamehage AS

985 462 399

Owner
Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Service Property AS (100%) Sendee Property AS (100%) Sendee Property' AS (100%) Sendee Property AS (100%) Sendee Property' AS (100%) Sendee Property AS (100%) Sendee Property' AS (100%) Sendee Property AS (100%) Sendee Property- AS (100%) Sendee Property- AS (100%)
Sendee Property' AS (100%) Sendee Property- AS (100%) Sen-ice Property AS (100%) Sendee Property AS (100%) Sendee Property AS (100%)

57

Nordic Trustee ASA

Attachment 5

ESPIRA LEASES

Espira Leases

Kindergarden Owner

Lessor

1. Bjergene

Bjorgene

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

2. Brådalsfjellet Brådalsfjellet

Service

3·v.

Barnehage Dragerskogen

Barnehage AS Dragerskogen

Property AS Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

4. Dvergsnestange Dvergsnestangen Service

n Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

5. Furuholmen

Furuholmen

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

6. Garhaug

Garhaug Barnehage Service

Barnehage

AS

Property' AS

7. Gullhella

Gullhella

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

8. Gåserud

Gåserud Barnehage Service

Barnehage

AS

Property' AS

9. Halsnoy Kloster Halsnoy Kloster

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

10. Helldalsåsen

Helldalsåsen

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

11. Hoytorp Fort Hoytorp Fort

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

12. Kløverenga

Kløverenga

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

13. Kniveåsen

Kniveåsen

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

14. Kiystallveien Krystallveien

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

15. Kuventræ

Kuventræ

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

16. Litlasund

Litlasund

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

17. Lavestad

Lovestad

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

18. Marthahaugen Marthahaugen

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

19. Myraskogen

Myraskogen

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

20. Nordmo

Nordmo Barnehage Service

Barnehage

AS

Property' AS

21. Opaker

Opaker Barnehage Service

Barnehage

AS

Property' AS

22. Opsahl

Opsalil Barnehage Service

Barnehage

AS

Property' AS

23. Onnadalen

Onnadalen

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

24. Rainbjora

Rambjora

Service

Lessee
Espira Bjorgene AS Espira Brådalsfjellet AS Espira Dragerskogen AS Espira Dvergnes AS Espira Fumholmen AS Espira Garhaug AS Espira Gullhella AS Espira Gåserud AS Espira Halsnoy Kloster AS Espira Helldalsåsen AS Espira Hoytorp Fort AS Espira Kloverenga AS Espira Kniveåsen AS Espira Krystallveien AS Espira Kuventræ AS Espira Litlasund AS Espira Lovestad AS Espira Marthahaugen AS Espira Myraskogen AS Espira Noidmo AS Espira Opaker AS
Espira Opsahl AS
Espira Onnadalen AS Espira Rambjora

Contract Date
12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20

End Date
31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 01/03/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 30/10/20 18 31/12/20 18 29/07/20 18 25/11/20 18 31/12/20 18 01/03/20 18 31/12/20 18 01/03/20 18 31/12/20 18 28/08/20 18 31/12/20

Annual Rent 2014 (NOK) 1,600.527 2,256,298 1,956,199 2,734,233 1,278,198 1,600,527 2,400,790 1.600.527 1.945,084 1,889,510 1,600,527 1,978,429 2,256,298 2,956,528 3,378,889 2.478,593 1,981,374 1,722,789 2,667,544 1.600,527 1,745,019 1,600,527 3,456,693
1^9,510 /}

58

Nordic Trustee ASA

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

25. Ree Barnehage Ree Barnehage AS Service

Property AS

26. Romholt

Romholt Barnehage Service

Barnehage

AS

Property AS

27. Rubbestadneset Rubbestadneset

Service

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

28. Rå Barnehage Rå Barnehage AS

29. Salamonskogen Salamonskogen

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Sendee Property AS Sendee Property AS

30. Skolegata

Skolegata

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

31. Skäredalen

Skåredalen

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

32. Snurrefjellet

Snurrefjellet

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

33. Solknatten

Solknatten

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

34. Stongafjellet

Stongafjellet

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

35. Sundbyfoss

Sundbyfoss

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

36. Tjosvoll

Tjosvoll Barnehage Sendee

Barnehage

AS

Property AS

37. Torsbergskogen Torsbergskogen

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

38. Ulsetskogen

Ulsetskogen

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property' AS

39. Vagletjom

Vagletjom

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

40. Vannverksdam Vannverksdammen Sendee

men Barnehage Barnehage AS

Property AS

41. Vanse

Vanse Barnehage Sendee

Barnehage

AS

Property AS

42. Veldetun

Veldetun

Sendee

Barnehage

Barnehage AS

Property AS

43. Østrem

Østrem Barnehage Sendee

Barnehage

AS

Property AS

44. Abol Barnehage Abol Barnehage AS Sendee

Property AS

45. Årliaug

Årliaug Barnehage Sendee

Barnehage

AS

Property' AS

AS Espira Ree AS
Espira Romholt AS Espira Rubbestadneset AS Espira Rå AS
Espira Salamonskogen AS Espira Skolegata AS Espira Skåredalen AS Espira Snurrefjellet AS Espira Solknatten AS Espira Stongafjellet AS Espira Sundbyfoss AS Espira Tjosvoll AS Espira Torsbergskogen AS Espira Ulsetskogen AS Espira Vagletjom AS Espira Vannverksdamme n AS Espira Vanse AS
Espira Veldetun AS Espira Østrem AS
Espira Abol AS
Espira Arhaug AS

08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08
12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08
12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 25/11/20 08 01/08/20 07
25/11/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08
12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 12/02/20 08 18/03/20 09 12/02/20 08

18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 01/03/20 18
31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18
31/12/20 18 29/07/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 01/12/20 19 22/05/20 18 01/08/20 18
01/03/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18
31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 31/12/20 18 20/08/20 18 31/12/20 18

1.978.429 1.600,527 1,100,362
6,435.450 2.845.381
2,006,216 3,890,169 1,722,789 4,595.956 2,256.298 2.399.048 2.235,874 1,600,527
6,011.461 1.978.429 2.267,413
1.600,527 1,600,527 2,006,216 3,631.003 1.600.527

59

