Execution version
ISINNOOOl 0674187
BOND AGREEMENT between
Maracc - M arine Accurate Well ASA (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of the Bondholders in the bond issue
9.50 per cent Maracc - Marine Accurate Well ASA Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018
i

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 INTERPRETATION 2 THE BONDS 3 LISTING 4 REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY 5 PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 8 STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 9 INTEREST 10 MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION 11 PAYMENTS 12 ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS 13 COVENANTS 14 FEES AND EXPENSES 15 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 16 BONDHOLDERS'MEETING 17 THE BOND TRUSTEE 18 MISCELLANEOUS

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
3 10 11 11 12 12 14 16 18 18 20 22 22 30 31 34 37 40

2

This agreement (the "Bond Agreement") has been entered into on 2 April 2013 between

(1) Maracc - Marine Accurate Well ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 989 734 229 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder''s account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Account Pledges" means a pledge on second priority, ranking behind the pledge granted as Security for the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility, over the Earnings Account and the Equity Escrow Account, and any other bank accounts of the Issuer from time to time in respect of a pledge on first priority in favour of the Senior Agent shall be granted.
"Accounts" means the Escrow Account, the Interest Retention Account, the Earnings Account, the Equity Escrow Account and any accounts for operating expenses or other accounts related to the operations of the Rig held by the Issuer and/or a Charterer from tune to time.
"Additional Equity" means a minimum of NOK 285 million in new cash equity.
"Additional Security" means all Security provided in accordance with the provisions of Clause 8.2.
"Assignment of Earnings" means an assignment on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility of all present and future earnings and monies due in respect of the Rig and the operation thereof and services rendered in relation thereto to the Issuer or any member of the Group, including under any such earnings deriving from the Charter Contract.
"Assignment of Insurances" means an assignment on second priority, ranking behind the assignment granted as Security for the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility, of all claims in respect of policies and contracts of insurance in relation to the Rig.
"Assignment of Receivables" means an assignment on second priority, ranking behind the assignment granted as Security for the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility, of the Issuer's trade receivables (No.: avtale omfactoring).
"Attachments" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.

3

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions and the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the period end date occurs on a day that is not a Business Day, and if such date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means if and when any person or a group of persons acting in concert, other than Borgstein AS, Morten Ulstein and/or Gary Chouest or any entity controlled by any of them, directly or indirectly, acquires Decisive Influence over the Issuer.
"Charter Assignment" means an assigmnent on second priority, ranking behind the assignment granted as Security for the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility, of the Charter Contract (to the extent permitted by applicable law from time to time).
"Charter Contract" means any charter contract entered into by the Issuer or (as the case may be) any other Group Company over the Rig from time to time, including the Existing Charter Contract.
"Charterer Guarantee" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 8.2.3(c).
"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights hi the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
4

"Earnings Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which all its earnings under any Charter Contract and all its other net earnings relating to the Rig shall be paid.
"Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the net proceeds from the Bond Issue will be paid, pledged and blocked on first priority as Security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Equity and Cost Overrun Undertakings" means undertakings dated 25 September 2012 from each of Alpha Marine Services LLC (with registered address 16201 East Main, Galliano, Louisiana 70354, United States), Borgstein AS (with Norwegian registration number 959 057 001), Alden AS (with Norwegian registration number 986 980 326) and Meteva AS (with Norwegian registration number 989 005 731) in favour of the Issuer to procure that the Issuer is provided with requisite equity or loans, fully subordinated to the debt of the Issuer (No.: "ansvarlig lån"), which is necessary to cover any costs necessary to make the Rig ready for service under the Existing Charter Contract, and which are not funded through the Bond Issue or the Additional Equity.
"Equity Escrow Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the Additional Equity shall be deposited, pledged on second priority on second priority behind the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility.
"Equity Underwriters" means Rig Invest LLC (with Louisiana organisation identification no. 40295689K), Borgstein AS (with Norwegian registration number 959 057 001), Alden AS (with Norwegian registration number 986 980 326) and Meteva AS (with Norwegian registration number 989 005 731).
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing Charter Contract" means the drilling contract dated 16 May 2012 and entered into between the Issuer and Lundin Norway AS for a drilling program of 12 wells with an expected duration of 30 months, but in any event not less than 24 months.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) (to the extent relevant) the Charterer Guarantee, (v) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (vi) any other document (whether
5

creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and (if relevant) consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement dated on or about the date of this Bond Agreement and entered into between the Issuer, the Senior Agent and the Bond Trustee.
"Interest Retention Account" means an account in the name of the Issuer, into which the Issuer shall deposit certain funds for use of payment of interest under the Bond Issue.
6

"Interest Retention Account Pledge" means the first priority pledge over the Interest Retention Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Interest Payment Date" means 3 April and 3 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and (if relevant) consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 3 April 2013.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Junior Credit Facility" means the USD 50 million non-amortizing credit facility provided to the Issuer pursuant to a junior secured facility agreement dated 26 November 2012.
"Liquidity" means the aggregate value of:
(a) cash in hand and unencumbered bank deposits, and/or if encumbered, freely variable bank deposits (including for the avoidance of doubt any amount standing to the credit of the Earnings Account); and
(b) unencumbered liquid bonds and other debt instruments with an "A"-rating or better of Standard & Poor's or Moody's and liquid equities listed on any major stock exchange; and
(c) any other bond or debt instrument accepted by the Bond Trustee.
"Management Agreement" means the management agreement for the Rig (as amended from time to time) dated 29 August 2011 and entered into between the Issuer and the Rig Manager in relation to the operation, crewing, supplying and technical management of the Rig, or such other management agreement that may be entered into for the Rig from time to time.
"Managers" means the managers for the Bond Issue, being DNB Markets (a part of DNB Bank ASA), RS Platou Markets AS and Carnegie AS.
"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the Rig is sold, except for a sale to another entity wholly-owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer where such entity provides no less favourable (and acceptable to the Bond Trustee) Security to the Bondholders as was provided in respect of the Issuer, (b) a Total Loss Event, or (c) the Existing Charter Contract is cancelled without being replaced, within three months after such cancellation, with a
7

Charter Contract with an internationally recognised charterer that is commensurate with the Existing Charter Contract in terms of net earnings and duration.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 3 April 2018. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Modification Contract" means a yard stay and modification contract dated 9 January 2013 and entered into between the Issuer and the Modification Yard for the completion and modification works on the Rig required to obtain authority approval for operation in Norwegian waters, and to prepare the Rig for mobilisation under the Existing Charter Contract.
"Modification Yard" means Bergen Group Hanøytangen AS (Norwegian registration number 964 085 110).
"Mortgage" means a Norwegian ship mortgage on second priority, ranking behind the mortgage granted as Security for the obligations under the Senior Bank Facility, over the Rig in the amount of USD 170 million.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the legal currency of Norway.
"NOR" means the Norwegian ordinary ship registry.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
"Pledge of Machinery and Plant" means a pledge on second priority, ranking behind the pledge granted as Security for obligations under the Senior Bank Facility, of the Issuers machinery and plant (No.: "driftstilbehør").
"Pre-Utilisation Security" means (i) the Mortgage, (ii) the Assignment of Earnings, (iii) the Assignment of Insurances, (iv) the Account Pledges, (v) the Charter Assignments, (vi) the Assignment of Receivables, and (vii) the Pledge of Machinery and Plant.
"Pre-Issue Security" means the Escrow Account Pledge and the Interest Retention Account Pledge.
8

"Project Consultancy Agreement" means a project consultancy agreement dated 29 September 2012 and entered into between the Issuer and Project Manager in relation to inter alia supervision of the operation and project follow-up of the Rig.
"Project Documents" means the Management Agreement, the Project Consultancy Agreement, the Charter Contract and the Modification Contract.
"Project Manager" means Odfjell Drilling AS (Norwegian registration number 984 669 151).
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Rig" means the semi-submersible drilling rig with a Global Maritime GM 4000 design named "Island Innovator", registered in NOR in the name of the Issuer with IMO number 8769731.
"Rig Manager" means Odfjell Drilling AS (Norwegian registration number 984 669 151) or such other internationally recognised drilling operator that the Issuer may appoint.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as Security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other Security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests and (as the case may be) any Additional Security as referred to in Clause 8.2.
"Security Interests" means the Pre-Issue Security and Pre-Utilisation Security.
"Senior Agent" means DNB Bank ASA as agent for itself and the other Senior Lenders under the Senior Bank Facility.
"Senior Bank Facility" means the USD 350 million amortising credit facility provided by the Senior Lenders secured on first priority against the Rig and certain other assets of the Issuer pursuant to a post-delivery tenn loan agreement dated 24 September 2012, as amended, restated and supplemented from time to time.
"Senior Lenders" means DNB Bank ASA, Eksportkreditt Norge AS and Sparebank 1 Søre Sunnmøre.
"Shareholder Loan" means any loan provided to the Issuer by any shareholder(s) of the Issuer or by any affiliate of such shareholder from time to time.
9

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Total Loss Event" means an actual, constructive, compromised, agreed, arranged or other total loss of the Rig as defined under the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan of 1996 Version 2010 (as amended from time to time).

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2 Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived;, and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement
2.1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

10

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2 The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of USD 140 million (U.S. Dollar one hundred and forty million).

The Face Value is USD 200,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "9.50 per cent Maracc - Marine Accurate Well ASA Second Lien Callable Bond Issue 2013/2018".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0674187.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilisation

The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall be applied (i) firstly, to fund the Interest Retention Account in accordance with Clause 13.3w herein; (ii) secondly, to redeem and discharge in full the Junior Credit Facility, including accrued and unpaid interest and any premium on the repayment; (iii) thirdly, to part finance instalments under the Modification Contract and other cost and expenses related to the completion of the Rig or otherwise to make the Rig ready for service under the Existing Charter Contract or similar employment; and (iv) fourthly, provided that the Rig is ready for service under the Existing Charter Contract or similar employment, for general corporate purposes.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the Issuer, on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in the Securities Depository

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.
4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

11

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its own cost and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6

Conditions precedent

6.1 Conditions precedentfor the issuance o f the Bonds

6.1.1 Issuance of the Bonds and disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Issuer's Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed;

(b) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14.2, duly executed;

(c) certified copies of corporate documents, necessary corporate resolutions and any necessary governmental approvals, consent or waivers (as the case may be) required at such time to issue the Bonds and grant the Pre-Issue Security;

(d) confirmation from the Managers that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(e) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(f)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Managers in connection with the Bond

Issue;

(g) evidence that the Pre-Issue Security have been or will be duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents);

12

(h) the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed;

(i)

a copy of the Senior Bank Facility duly executed;

(j)

a copy of each of the Project Documents duly executed;

(k) confirmation from the Senior Agent on behalf of all Senior Lenders and GIEK of their acceptance of the Bond Issue;

(l)

evidence of (i) the extraordinary general meeting of the Issuer held on 27

March 2013 having duly approved the issuance of the Additional Equity and

(ii) the Additional Equity being fully, irrevocably and unconditionally (other

than with respect to the placing of the Bonds) underwritten by the Equity

Underwriters;

(m) copies of the Equity and Cost Overrun Undertakings duly executed;

(n) copies of the latest available Financial Statements and Interim Accounts;

(o) confirmation that no anticipated or actual Event of Default exists; and

(p) all statements and legal opinions as required by the Bond Trustee.

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in this Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3 Upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Clause 6.1.1, the Bond Trustee shall issue a notice to the Issuer, the Managers and the Paying Agent confirming that such conditions have been met, upon receipt of which the Managers shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Conditions precedentfor releasefrom the Escrow Account

6.2.1 The net proceeds from the Bond Issue shall only be used in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue, and any release from the Escrow Account to the Issuer will be subject to customary closing mechanisms as agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee and the Bond Trustee receiving prior to or (as the case may be) no later than on the date of release from the Escrow Account the documents listed below, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) a duly executed release notice in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto from the Issuer;

(b) necessary corporate resolutions from the Issuer to execute the PreUtilisation Security (unless delivered under Clause 6.1);

(c) evidence that all relevant Pre-Utilisation Security being executed and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that such relevant Security Interest will be executed and perfected simultaneously with disbursement);

(d) a confirmation duly certified by the CEO of the Issuer that the Issuer does not, or after such release will not, have any other Financial Indebtedness

13

other than such Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Finance Documents, the Senior Bank Facility and any Shareholders Loans or otherwise as permitted under the Finance Documents;

(e) evidence that the amount to be released shall be applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue, including that the Junior Credit Facility will be fully repaid and discharged, and that the Security under the Junior Credit Facility will be released;

(f) evidence of the completion of an equity issue raising the Additional Equity and that the Additional Equity has been deposited in the Equity Escrow Account;

(g) evidence that the Additional Equity has been used for payment of instalments or other invoices under the Modification Contract and other cost and expenses related to the completion of the Rig or otherwise to make the Rig ready for service under the Existing Charter Contract or similar employment;

(h) evidence of all relevant Insurances having been taken out;

(i)

a report or opinion from an insurance advisor confirming that the Insurances

are in compliance with the terms set out herein;

(j)

confirmation of class certificate in respect of the Rig free of any conditions

or extensions together with evidence of compliance with the ISM Code and

the ISPS Code;

(k) evidence of title to the Rig in the name of the Issuer, registered in NOR free of any encumbrances save for the mortgage in favour of the Senior Agent on behalf of the Senior Lenders, including transcript from the relevant registry; and

(l)

all legal opinions as required by the Bond Trustee have been received.

6.2.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.2.1.

6.2.3 Upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Clause 6.2.1, the Bond Trustee shall issue a notice to the Issuer and the bank operating the Escrow Account confirming that the relevant funds may be released to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

a.

Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

14

b.

Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

c.

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

d.

Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any applicable law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

e.

No Event o fDefault

(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

f

Authorisations and consents

All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarisations or registrations required:

(i)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations

under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a

party; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

g.

Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a

15

Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it.

h.

Financial Statements

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

i.

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

j.

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

k.

No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

/.

Environmental compliance

The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

m.

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

n.

Security

No Security (for the avoidance of doubt not counting any Security provided under the Senior Bank Facility or (until first disbursement from the Escrow Account) the Junior Credit Facility) exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8

Status of the Bonds and Security

8.1 Status and ranking

16

8.1.1 The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

8.1.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by the Security Interest.

8.1.3 This Bond Agreement is entered into subject to, and with the benefit of, the provisions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement,

8.2 Additional Security, new Charter Contracts and Charter Contracts entered into by a Subsidiary

8.2.1 In the event that a new Charter Contract, substituting the Existing Charter Contract is entered into regarding the Rig, the Issuer, and (subject to Clause 8.2.3 below) any other relevant Group Company, shall to the extent permitted by applicable law and the terms of such Charter Contract execute and/or procure the execution of such relevant Security and related documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Bondholders to at all times maintain the same Security corresponding to the Security Interest hereunder, also taking into consideration the jurisdiction of incorporation of any Group Company involved in such Charter Contract or the governing law of the Charter Contract and any specific issues related thereto.

8.2.2

If any Group Company grants any additional Security under the Senior Bank Facility, such Group Company shall grant corresponding Security on second priority to the Bond Trustee as Security for the Bond Issue.

8.2.3 New Charter Contracts may be entered into (i) directly between the Issuer and a client or (ii) by the Issuer through a Group Company (the "Charterer"), provided always that the Bondholders in the event of scenario (ii) may obtain a Security position which is no less favourable than would be the case under scenario (i), on the basis of a separate bareboat charter agreement between the Issuer and the Charterer, with the Charterer being the contractual party to the relevant Charter Contract. In the event the Charter Contract is a bareboat charter, the bareboat charter agreement between the Issuer and the Charterer shall be on back-to-back terms with the Charter Contract and with an agreed bareboat rate reflecting the day rate under the Charter Contract, operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and risk allocation between the relevant charterer and the Issuer thereunder, as well as on the basis of applicable tax rules, and otherwise on arm's length terms and conditions, and the following Security (which shall constitute second priority Security, ranking after the Security provided with regard to the Senior Bank Facility ) shall be provided to the extent not already provided hereunder:

(a) a pledge of all the shares in the Charterer;

(b) a pledge over the Charterer's claim against the relevant account bank for the amount from time to time standing to the credit of the Charterer in the relevant earnings account of the Charterer and (to the extent relevant) any operating account of the Charterer; and

17

(c) an on-demand guarantee issued by the Charterer, including such representations and warranties and covenants and events of default provisions as set out in Clauses 7, 13 and 15 herein as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require, which shall apply mutatis mutandis to such Charterer.

8.2.4

The Issuer and/or any relevant entity within the Group shall obtain legal opinions addressed to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), which shall include, inter alia, confirmations on capacity, validity, perfection and enforceability of such Additional Security (in form and content satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), and any such other relevant documents, evidence and confirmations as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require.

9

Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the Face Value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at a fixed rate of 9.50 per cent per annum (the "Fixed Rate").

9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date being 3 October 2013.

9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

9.4 The day count fraction ("Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "30/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-days months (unless (i) the last day of the calculation period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the calculation period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the calculation period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)).

9.5 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Face

x

Amount

Value

Fixed Rate

x Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction

10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.
10.2 Call Option 10.2.1 The Issuer may redeem theBond Issue (all or nothing) as follows:

18

(a) anytime from and including the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2015 at a price equivalent to the sum of:

(i)

the present value on the relevant record date of 105% of par value;

and

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through and including the Interest Payment Day in April 2015,

both calculated using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable U.S. Treasury Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Day in 2015) (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2015 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2016, at a price equal to 105% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount);

(c) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2016 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2017 at a price equal to 103.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount); and

(d) anytime from and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2017 to, but not included, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 101.50% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount'of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2 The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

19

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 Mandatory Prepayment

10.4.1

Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event (other than a Total Loss Event) occurring, the Issuer shall not later than thirty (30) days following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event (unless there is an Event of Default in which case it will be promptly), redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at a price corresponding to the Call Option level at that time, however, for the avoidance of doubt, based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date of repayment.

10.4.2

If the Bonds are redeemed according to this Mandatory Prepayment provision, the entire amount on the Accounts and any amounts received under the relevant sale contract for the Rig or any of the insurance proceeds, may (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement) be used as part payment in relation to the Mandatory Repayment.

10.4.3

Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall promptly once insurance proceeds are available, but in any event no later than sixty (60) days following the Total Loss Event redeem 100% of the outstanding bonds at 100% of par value (plus accrued but unpaid interest on redeemed amount).

10.4.4

Upon the occurrence of several Mandatory Prepayment Events, the Issuer shall only be obliged to pay one redemption amount. Upon the occurrence of (i) a Total Loss Event and (ii) another Mandatory Prepayment Event, the Issuer shall only pay the lowest applicable redemption amount.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.1.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.1.3 In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1.1 or 11.1.2

20

above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

Each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 11.2 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-offand counterclaims

The Issuer may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 per cent per annum.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1a, cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4.

11.5 Partialpayments

If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

21

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.
12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.
13 Covenants
13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, such covenants as further set out in this Clause 13.
13.2 Information Covenants
13.2.1 The Issuer shall:
(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;
(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days after the end of the financial year;
(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;
(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;
(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
22

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

a.

Pari passu ranking

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

b.

Security

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents are fully preserved and maintained in good condition and repair, and do all acts which may be necessary to ensure that such Security remains duly created, enforceable and perfected on its relevant priority, at the expense of the Issuer.

c.

Mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensurethat no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

d.

De-mergers

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensurethat no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Issuer or any Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

23

e.

Continuation o f business

The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

f.

Disposal o f business

The Issuer shall not, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and

(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

g.

Accounts

The Issuer shall maintain the Accounts with the Senior Agent.

h.

Corporate status

The Issuer shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.

i.

Compliance with laws

The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

j.

Financial Indebtedness

The Issuer shall not incur or permit to remain outstanding any additional Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than (as relevant):

(i)

any Financial Indebtednessarising under the Finance Documents;

(ii) the Senior Bank Facility and related security documents, including refinancing thereof within such amount for any relevant quarter as set out in Attachment 3 hereto;

(iii) any Shareholders Loans;

(iv) at any time after the first payment of charter hire under any Charter Contract, any financial indebtedness not falling within (i) to (iii) above, provided that (aa) such Financial Indebtedness is unsecured, (bb) such Financial Indebtedness used in relation to the operation of the Rig and general corporate purposes in connection therewith, and (cc) the aggregate for the Group amount of such Financial Indebtedness does not exceed USD 20 million; and

(v) incurred through any derivative transaction entered into in the ordinary course of business and only in connection with protection against or benefit

24

from fluctuation in any rate or price and in no circumstances for speculative purposes.

k.

Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not to create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets or enter into arrangements having a similar effect except for:

(i)

any Security contemplated by the Finance Documents;

(ii) any Security contemplated by the Senior Bank Facility;

(iii) any Security arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business or operation of the Rig (including collateral in connection with credit purchases of goods and services);

(iv) any ship repairer's or outfitter's possessory lien in respect of the Rig;

(v) any Security on the Rig for master's, officer's or crew's wages outstanding in the ordinary course of its trading which are not overdue;

(vi) any Security on the Rig for salvage;

(vii) any contractor or subcontractor's possessory lien; and

(viii) any Security arising by way of set off or other standard netting, cash management or account-zeroing arrangements in connection with the Issuer's banking arrangements.

l.

Arrangements concerning the Rig

The Issuer shall not make any financial or other arrangements concerning the Rig and its employment other than provided for in the Finance Documents, which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bond Agreement.

m.

Financial assistance

The Issuer shall not to grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to or for the benefit of any third party, except for guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of business (including guarantees relating to employment of the Rig).

n.

Investments

The Issuer shall not make any investments or capital expenditures, other than (i) acquisitions of assets in the ordinary course of business relating to the employment of the Rig and which are contemplated by the current specification as of the Issue Date, and (ii) solely related to the ownership in and operation of the Rig.

o.

Arm's length transactions

The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, engage directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in

25

the ordinary course of business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an ann's length transaction at the time.

p.

Dividend

The Issuer shall not declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other capital distributions to its shareholders of any kind.

q.

Equity and Cost Overrun Undertakings

The Issuer shall call on the Equity and Cost Overrun Undertakings as and when required, and not release, amend or agree to any amendment of the Equity and Cost Overrun Undertakings.

r.

Senior Bank Facility

The Issuer shall:

(i)

not amend or agree to any amendment of the Senior Bank Facility, including

with respect to agreed amortisations; and

(ii) (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Intercreditor Agreement, if relevant) ensure that during any financial quarter as set out in column A in Attachment 3 hereto the amount (available or drawn) under the Senior Bank Facility shall be equal to or less than such amounts set out in column B in Attachment 3 opposite the relevant period; and

(iii) ensure that any relending and/or refinancing of the Senior Bank Facility or by the Senior Lenders shall be limited to the same maximum amount for the relevant period as set out in Attachment 3.

s.

Project Documents

The Issuer shall not amend or agree to any amendment of (i) the Charter Contract and/or Management Agreement to the extent such action directly or indirectly (with negative effect on the Issuer) may affect the cash flow or risk allocation under the relevant contract, or otherwise may have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the other Project Documents to the extent that any such action may have a Material Adverse Effect.

t.

Shareholders Loans

The Issuer shall ensure that any Shareholder Loan shall be non-serviceable and fully subordinated to any outstanding amount under or pursuant to the Senior Bank Facility and the Bond Issue, provided, however, that: (a) at any time after receipt of the Additional Equity the Issuer shall be allowed to repay an amount of up to USD 10 million on existing Shareholders Loans, and (b) at any time after receipt of the first scheduled payment under the Existing Charter Contract the Issuer shall be allowed to repay up to an additional aggregate amount of USD 10 million (during the term of the Bond Issue) on any Shareholders Loans provided to cover any short term liquidity shortfall of the Issuer, subject always to: (i) compliance by the Issuer (before and after repayment) with all representations, warranties and covenants set out in the Bond Agreement, and (ii) no Event of Default having occurred and being

26

continuing, or being reasonably expected to occur (with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both) as a consequence of such repayment.

u.

Use o fAdditional Equity

The Issuer shall ensure that the Additional Equity is transferred to the Equity Escrow Account, and that the Additional Equity prior to any release of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue from the Escrow Account is used for the purpose of part finance payment of invoices under the Modification Contract and other cost and expenses related to the completion of the Rig or otherwise to make the Rig ready for service under the Existing Charter Contract or similar employment.

v.

Earnings

The Issuer shall procure that all earnings and monies due in respect of the Rig and the operation thereof and services rendered in relation thereto are paid to the Earnings Account.

w.

Interest Retention Account

The Issuer shall:

(i)

upon first disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue deposit an

amount equal to six (6) months' interest on the Bonds in the Interest

Retention Account; and

(ii) no later than on (a) the first monthly charter hire payment under the Charter Contract being due for payment following the first Interest Payment Date hereunder and (b) any future monthly charter hire payments under the Charter Contract being due for payment transfer an amount equal an amount at least equal to one sixth (1/6th) of the next interest payment or coupon under the Bonds to the Interest Retention Account,

and ensure that any amounts deposited on such account are used for payment of interest on the next relevant Interest Payment Date.

13.4 Rig covenants

a.

Ownership to the Rig

The Issuer shall maintain 100% legal and beneficial ownership of the Rig.

b.

Insurance

(i) The Issuer shall procure that the Rigisinsured againstsuch risk, including but limited to, hull and machinery, hull interest,freight interest, Loss of Hire, war risks (including acts of terrorism, war risks, P&I and piracy) and protection & indemnity (including maximum cover for pollution liability as normally adopted by the industry for similar rigs), in such amounts as set out in paragraph (ii) below, and placed or entered with such reputable insurers, brokers or P&I clubs and on such terms and conditions as the Issuer from time to time may approve.

27

(ii) The hull and machinery insurance shall be at least equal to 125% of the aggregate of the Bond Issue and the Senior Bank Facility, Further, the aggregate insurable value of the Rig shall be at least equal to the higher of the Rig's market value and 120% of the aggregate of the outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents and the Senior Bank Facility, and the hull and machinery insurance shall at all times cover at least 80% of the insurable value.
(iii) The Issuer shall procure that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) is noted as second priority mortgagee in the insurance contracts, together with the confirmation from the underwriters to the Bond Trustee thereof that the notice of assignment with regards to the insurances and the loss payable clauses are noted in the insurance contracts and that standard letters of undertaking are executed by the insurers.
(iv) Within reasonable time prior to the expiry date of the relevant insurances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery to the Bond Trustee of a certificate from the insurance broker(s) through whom the Insurances referred to in (i) have been renewed and taken out in respect of the Rig with insurance values as required by b), that such Insurances are hi full force and effect and that the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) has been noted by the relevant insurers.
(v) If any of the insurances referred to in (i) have been taken out on conditions other than the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan of 1996 version 2010 or Nordic Marine Insurance Plan of 2013 (as any of them may be amended from time to time) and/or form part of a fleet cover, the Issuer shall procure that the insurers shall undertake to the Bond Trustee that they shall neither set-off against any claims in respect of the Rig any premiums due in respect of other rig under such fleet cover or any premiums due for other insurances, nor cancel this insurance for reason of non-payment of premiums for other rig under such fleet cover or of premiums for such other insurances, and shall undertake to issue a separate policy in respect of the Rig if and when so requested by the Bond Trustee.
(vi) The Issuer shall procure that the Rig always is employed in conformity with the terms of the instruments of insurances (including any warranties expressed or implied therein) and comply with such requirements as to extra premium or otherwise as the insurers may prescribe.
(vii) The Issuer will not make any material change to the insurances described under (i) and (ii) above without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee.
(viii) The Issuer shall pay for an Insurance opinion if commissioned by the Bond Trustee to be prepared by an independent insurance consultant, in form and contents acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
(ix) The Issuer shall on demand reimburse the Bond Trustee for any premium payable in respect of any Mortgagees' Interest Insurance or Mortgagees' Additional Perils Insurance up to, in aggregate for each, 110% of the
28

amount of the outstanding amount under the Finance Documents taken out by the Bond Trustee in respect of the Rig.

c.

Flag, name, registry

The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig is maintained under the relevant flag, registered in NOR (or other ship registry acceptable to the Bond Trustee) under its present name in the ownership of the Issuer.

d.

Class

The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig's class is maintained at the highest applicable class with Det Norske Veritas, Lloyds Register of Shipping, Bureau Veritas, American Bureau of Shipping or another first class, internationally recognised classification society, acceptable to the Bond Trustee, and not change the class nor classification society for the Rig and upon request provide the Bond Trustee with all information regarding the Rig's class position (including but not limited to information on extensions and conditions of class).

e.

Operations in accordance with laws etc.

The Issuer shall at all times ensure that the Rig is operated in accordance with any laws, regulations (environmental or otherwise, including but not limited to the ISM Code and the ISPS Code, where applicable), administrative decisions and/or other public authorities as applicable from time to time and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

f.

Condition

The Issuer shall ensure reasonable and satisfactory maintenance of the Rig and all relevant equipment related thereto at all times, including to ensure that the Rig is maintained and preserved in good working order and repair and operated in accordance with internationally recognised standards, complying with the ISM Code and the ISPS Code (to the extent applicable) and all other marine safety and other regulations and requirements from time to time applicable to rigs registered in NOR (or such other relevant registry) relevant Acceptable Ship Register and applicable to rigs operating in any jurisdiction in which the Rig may trade from time to time. During operation of the Rig, the Issuer shall ensure that any charterer or client operates and maintains the Rig in accordance with the applicable maintenance system.

g.

Intra-group chartering

The Issuer shall ensure that the Rig is not chartered out to any other person than another Group Company unless Additional Security is provided, or otherwise directly to an end-user.

h.

Release o f charges

The Issuer shall as soon as possible and not later than ten (10) Business Days, or if contested in good faith, 15 Business Days, after becoming aware of the same ensure that maritime liens (other than statutory liens for claims which are not overdue), distress or other similar charges on the Rig or other assets of the Issuer shall be released or that relevant legal proceedings shall have been instigated in good faith with a view to discharge such lien, distress or charges.

29

i.

Release o f arrests

The Issuer shall make its best endeavour to avoid the arrest or detention of the Rig, and if the Rig becomes subject to any arrest or detention, as soon as possible and not later than three (3) Business Days, or if contested in good faith, five (5) Business Days, after becoming aware of the same ensure that such arrest or detention shall be released.

j.

Notification

The Issuer shall ensure that the Bond Trustee is notified forthwith by letter, or in case of urgency by facsimile, of:

(i)

any accident to the Rig involving repairs the cost whereof is likely to exceed

USD 1,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency);

(ii) any occurrence in consequence whereof the Rig has become or is likely to become a Total Loss;

(iii) any arrest of the Rig or the exercise or purported exercise of any lien on the Rig or any earnings in respect of the Rig; and

(iv) any actual or threatened or alleged breach (not being immaterial) of laws and regulations applicable to the Rig and/or the operation thereof (environmental or otherwise).

13.5 Financial covenants

a.

Liquidity

The Issuer shall have Liquidity of minimum USD 10,000,000 until the earlier of (i) 30 June 2015 and (ii) three wells are remaining to be drilled under the twelve well fixed periods under the Existing Charter Contract, thereafter minimum USD 15,000,000.

14 Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

30

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.
14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(a) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least 30 Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
15 Events of Default

15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

a.

Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

b.

Breach o f other obligations

The Issuer does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document (other than non-payment), unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

31

c.

Cross default - Charterer Guarantee

If an event of default occurs (and remains unremedied within any given remedy period) under or pursuant to the Charterer Guarantee.

d.

Cross default --Financial Indebtedness

If for any Group Company:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

always provided that a threshold in the relevant Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within any of the paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

e.

Misrepresentations

Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

f

Insolvency

(i)

The Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due,

suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more

of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.

(ii) The value of the assets of the Issuer is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).

(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer.

g.

Insolvency proceedings and dissolution

Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken against the Issuer in relation to:

(i)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary

32

arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

h.

Creditors' process

A substantial proportion of the Issuer's assets are impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

i.

Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

j.

Material adverse change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, by notice to the Issuer declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall by notice to the Issuer declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

33

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.2.
16 Bondholders' Meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rulesfor Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bondsare listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4 The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all

34

Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

35

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

16.5 Written Bondholders' resolutions

16.5.1 Anything which may be done by resolution of the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting may be done by written resolution, without a Bondholders' Meeting, subject to the following conditions:

(a) A notice of a written resolution shall be made at the written request of:

(i) the Issuer;

36

(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

(b) Notice of a written resolution shall be given by the Bond Trustee, and a copy of the resolution shall be circulated to all Bondholders who would be entitled to attend a Bondholders' Meeting and vote thereon. The accidental omission to give notice to, or the non-receipt of a notice by, any Bondholder does not invalidate the passing of a resolution.

(c) If the Bond Trustee has not given notice of a written resolution within five Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may give the notice of a written resolution itself.

(d) A written resolution is passed when it is signed by or on behalf of the Bondholders who at the date that the notice is given represent such majority of votes as would be required if the resolution was voted on at a Bondholders' Meeting at which all Bondholders entitled to attend and vote thereat were present and voting.

(e) A resolution in writing may be signed in any number of counterparts.

(f) A resolution in writing made in accordance with this Bond Agreement is as valid as if it had been passed by the Bondholders in a Bondholders' Meeting, and any reference in any provision of this Bond Agreement to a Bondholders' Meeting at which a resolution is passed or to Bondholders voting in favour o f a resolution shall be construed accordingly.

16.5.2

For the purposes of this clause 16.5, the effective date of the resolution is the date when the resolution is signed by or on behalf of the last Bondholder whose signature results in the necessary voting majority being achieved and any reference in any provision of this Bond Agreement to the date of passing of a resolution is, in relation to a resolution made in accordance with this clause 16.5, a reference to such date.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2 The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms

37

of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9 The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

38

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

17.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3(a) or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory Security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17.3 Change o fBond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 16. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

17.4 Appointment o fSecurity Agent

17.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require the Issuer and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of

39

the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.
Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.
17.4.3 If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.
18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o f Bondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;
(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;
(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and
(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:
(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other; (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act
directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement; (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders; (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
40

18.2 Defeasance

18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by

its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the

Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors

of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or

defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of the Issuer or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganisation or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a) the Issuer shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

41

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) (if relevant) any guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the guarantee(s), and the guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

42

18.5 Amendments

All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

43

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7.1 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to Clause 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

44

Attachment 1

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@tmstee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

9.50 PER CENT MARACC - MARINE ACCURATE WELL ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 - ISIN NO 001 0674187

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;

3. all relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement,

4. in accordance with Clause 13.5a, the Liquidity as of [date] is XX

5. the value of the Rig as of [date] is XX, see enclosed statement from XX

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Maracc - Marine Accurate Well ASA

Name o f authorisedperson

Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation]

45

Attachment 2

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

Fax: +4 7 2 2 8794 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

9.50 PER CENT MARACC - MARINE ACCURATE WELL ASA BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2018 - ISIN NO 001 0674187

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on \date\ wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Maracc - Marine Accurate Well ASA

Name o f authorisedperson
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation evidencing the use offunds]

46

Attachment 3

MAXIMUM AMOUNTS UNDER SENIOR BANK FACILITY

Column A Financial Quarters
2Q13 3Q13 4Q13 1Q14 2Q14 3Q14 4Q14 1Q15 2Q15 3Q15 4Q15 1Q16 2Q16 3Q16 4Q16 1Q17 2Q17 3Q17 4Q17 1Q18 2Q18

! Column B Maximum Amount (in MUSD)
350 350 334 334 334 334 313 313 293 293 272 272 251 251 231 231 210 157 143 143 128

47

