Execution version ISIN NO 0010714595
BOND AGREEMENT between
CRAYON GROUP HOLDING AS as Issuer and
NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders
in the bond issue FRN Crayon Group Holding AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue
2014/2017 dated 8 July 2014
Doc.ref. 2417685

CONTENTS

Clause

Page

1. Interpretation.......................................................................................................................... 3

2. The Bonds.............................................................................................................................. 13

3. Listing.................................................................................................................................... 15

4. Registration In The Securities Depository........................................................................... 15

5. Purchase And Transfer Of Bonds.......................................................................................... 15

6. Conditions Precedent............................................................................................................15

7. Representations And Warranties......................................................................................... 17

8. Status Of The Bonds And Security........................................................................................ 19

9. Interest.................................................................................................................................. 20

10. Maturity Of The Bonds And Redemption............................................................................ 21

11. Payments............................................................................................................................... 22

12. Issuer's Acquisition Of Bonds............................................................................................... 24

13. Covenants.............................................................................................................................. 24

14. Incurrence Test...................................................................................................................... 28

15. Fees And Expenses.............................................................................................

30

16. Events Of Default..................................................................................................................31

17. Bondholders'Meeting.......................................................................................................... 34

18. The Bond Trustee..................................................................................................................36

19. Miscellaneous........................................................................................................................39

Attachm ents

1.

The Original Guarantors

2.

Compliance Certificate

_3,____________ Release Notice - Escrow Account

2

This agreement has been entered into on 8 July 2014 between:
(1) CRAYON GROUP HOLDING AS (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 997 602 234) as issuer (the "Issuer"); and
(2) NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with company no. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
1. INTERPRETATION 1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.
"Account Pledge" means first priority pledge over the Issuer's and (if relevant) any Guarantor's top account in any cash pool agreement, but not blocked prior to an Event of Default.
"Additional Security Provider" means any Material Group Company which provides Security Interests and accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with Clause 13.9.
"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Attachment" means each of the attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including the Attachments, each as amended from time to time.
"Bond Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 19.2.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 17.
_______"Bonds" means the debt instrum pnts issupd hy the Issuer pursuant to t his Rnnrl A grppm ent--------
"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
3

"Call Date" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.3.

"Change of Control Event" means:

(a)

before an IPO Event, any event where Norvestor Holding 1 AS, directly or indirectly

ceases to have Decisive Influence over the Issuer; or

(b)

following an IPO Event, if (i) a Person or group of Persons acting in concert, other than

Norvestor Holding 1 AS, directly or indirectly, gains Decisive Influence over the Issuer,

or (ii) Norvestor Holding 1 AS, directly or directly, owns or controls less than 25 % of

the issued shares and/or voting rights in the Issuer.

"Cash" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.1.

"Closing Procedure" means a closing procedure agreed between the Bond Trustee, any RCF Lender (if applicable), any Hedge Counterparties (if applicable) and the creditors under the Existing Mezzanine Loan and the Existing Senior Loan. The Pre-Disbursement Security shall be established prior to or in connection with the release of funds from the Escrow Account. Perfection of Security shall be established on or as soon as possible after the first release of funds from the Escrow Account according to the terms of the Closing Procedure, meaning that any documents to be registered may be filed for registration on the date of disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bond Issue from the Escrow Account.

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2.

"Decisive Influence" means a Person having, as a result of an agreement, understanding and/or other arrangement and/or through the direct and/or indirect ownership of shares and/or other ownership interests in another Person:

(a)

a majority of the voting rights in that other Person; or

(b)

a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that

other Person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Defeasance Security" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 19.2.

"Distribution" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.4.

"Distribution Cap" means NOK 150,000,000 in respect of each calendar year. Any unpaid portion under this Distribution Cap may be utilised in a later calendar year, always subject to compliance with the conditions for making a Distribution.

"EBITDA" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 14.1.

"Escrow Account" means an escrow account in the name of the Issuer (with a bank acceptable to the Bond Trustee) where the bank has waived any set-off rights and which is pledged on first priority in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) and blocked so that no withdrawals can be made therefrom without the Bond Trustee's prior written consent.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating

4

the account has waived any set-off rights.

"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clauses 16.1 16.9.

"Exchange" means the Oslo Stock Exchange (No: Oslo Børs) on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied or shall apply for listing of the Bonds.

"Existing Debt" means all amounts outstanding under the Existing Senior Loan, the Existing Mezzanine Loan and the Existing Shareholder Loan.

"Existing Mezzanine Loan" means the mezzanine loan(s) governed by a loan agreement originally dated 25 January 2012 (as amended on 14 January 2014) with an aggregate amount outstanding of NOK 62,700,000 (excluding accrued interest) between the Issuer as borrower and Armada MF III Oy as agent (on behalf of the lenders).

"Existing Shareholder Loan" means Shareholder Loan(s) in the aggregate amount of NOK 315,651,495 (excluding accrued interest) governed by a loan agreement dated 8 December 2011 (as amended) between the Issuer as borrower and certain shareholders of the Issuer as lenders.

"Existing Senior Loan" means the senior loan(s) governed by a loan agreement originally dated 25 January 2012 (as amended on 14 January 2013) with an aggregate amount outstanding of NOK 223,000,000 (excluding accrued interest) between the Issuer as borrower and Nordea Bank Norge ASA as agent (on behalf of the lenders).

"Existing Security" means all Security and guarantees/indemnities provided in relation to the Existing Debt.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.3(d).

"Finance Charge" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.1.

"Finance Documents" means:

(a)

this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Security Documents (including any notices, acknowledgements and other ancillary

documentation relating thereto);

(c)

any other document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(d)

the Intercreditor Agreement;

(e)

the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 15.2;

(f)

the Subordination Undertaking;

(g)

any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time

by the Issuer or any other person in relation to any amount payable under this Bond

Agreement; and

(h)

any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance

Document.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed;

5

(b)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or

dematerialized equivalent;

(c)

any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes,

debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(e)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold

on a non-recourse basis);

(f)

any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase

agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(g)

any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or

benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any

derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and

(h) without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

"Financial Report" means the Financial Statements and the Interim Accounts.

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"Floating Rate" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.1.

"Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.3(b).

"GAAP" means IFRS or generally accepted accounting principles in Norway, applicable for the Issuer from time to time.

"Group" means the Issuer and all its direct and indirect Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").

"Guarantee" means to the extent legally possible and subject to any limitations required by mandatory provisions of law, joint and several unconditional and irrevocable on-demand guarantees (No: pakravsgaranti) from the Guarantors to the Secured Parties in respect of the Secured Obligations, which shall constitute senior obligations of the Guarantors.

"Guarantor" means the Original Guarantors and any Group Company which subsequently becomes a Material Group Company.

"Hedge Counterparty" means any entity providing a hedging arrangement which entails a Permitted Hedging Obligation of a Group Company and which is secured by the PreDisbursement Security.

"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.

"Incurrence Test" shall have the meaning as set out in Clause 14.2.

6

Initial Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Intercompany Loan" means any loan or receivable between any Group Company which has been pledged on first priority pursuant to the definition Pledge of Intercompany Loans and which pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement (or the Subordination Undertaking, as the case may be) shall be fully subordinated to the obligations of the relevant Group Company under the Secured Obligations.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an agreement between any lender in respect of any Shareholder Loan, the Issuer, the Guarantors and any Group Company having granted an Intercompany Loan (and not having provided a Subordination Undertaking), the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedge Counterparty and any New Lenders, which shall contain provisions on inter alia (i) redistribution between the Secured Parties (subject to relevant super senior principles applying for the Revolving Credit Facility and Permitted Hedging Obligations as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement) of the proceeds from any enforcement of security and distressed disposals, and (ii) subordination of Intercompany Loans to the Secured Obligations.
"Interest Bearing Debt" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.1.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.1.
"Interest Payment Date" means January, April, July and October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustments will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Issuer for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"IPO Event" means an initial public listing of the shares in the Issuer.
"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any Group Company and Norvestor Equity funds, any Person or Persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any Person or Persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue, being ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA.
"Mandatory Redemption Disposal" means any event following which, directly or indirectly, Norvestor Holding 1 AS no longer has Decisive Influence over Crayon Group AS.
"Margin" means 5.00% per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means any effect which (a) is materially adverse to the ability of the Group to perform any of its material obligations under any Finance Document, or (b) the enforceability of, or the effectiveness or ranking of any Security granted or purporting to be granted pursuant to any of the Finance Documents or the right or remedies of the Bond Trustee under any of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Companies" means the Original Guarantors and any Group Company whose EBITDA exceeds 10% of the Group's consolidated EBITDA, in the preceding last twelve months, together with other Group Companies as determined by the Issuer to ensure that the Issuer and
7

such Group Companies in aggregate shall always account for at least 80% of the total EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis.
"Maturity Date" means 10 July 2017. Any adjustments will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Maximum Loan Amount" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.
"Net Finance Charges" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.1.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 16.1.
"New Debt" means any new Financial Indebtedness (or commitment under Financial Indebtedness) incurred by the Issuer in accordance with paragraph (h) and (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness".
"New Lenders" means the finance parties in respect of any New Debt (except to the extent that the New Debt is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue) and which is or becomes a party to the Intercreditor Agreement as a new lender.
"New Security" means Security in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) and any other finance parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement to be granted over any new assets having been acquired with proceeds received from a Restricted Disposal.
"NIBOR" means the interest rate fixed for a defined period on Oslo Børs' webpage at approximately 12.15 Oslo time or, on days on which Oslo Børs has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published at approximately 10.15 a.m. shall be used. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Oslo. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and the Guarantors.
"Original Guarantors" means the companies listed in Attachment 1.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent in the Securities Depository with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.
Permitted Acquisition" means an acquisition by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries of assets

constituting a business or a company or shares in a company (the "Acquired Company") but only if:

(a)

no Event of Default is continuing on the closing date for the acquisition or will occur as

a result of the acquisition;

(b) the Acquired Company or any of its Subsidiaries, businesses or assets is not registered or incorporated in a jurisdiction which is the subject of sanctions or measures imposed by the Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) or the European Union (EU);

(c)

the Acquired Company is engaged in the same line or similar line of business as the

Issuer or any member of the Group;

(d) the Acquired Company becomes a Group Company; and

(e)

the Issuer is and immediately after the acquisition will be in compliance with the

Incurrence Test (tested pro forma after completion of the relevant Permitted

Acquisition).

"Permitted Distribution" means any Distribution by the Issuer, if the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma after such Distribution). Notwithstanding anything of the foregoing, the amount of any repayment of Net Interest Bearing Debt following a Restricted Disposal over which security is granted under the Finance Documents, shall be added to Net Interest Bearing Debt (save for any amount for repayment of Bonds) when performing the calculations under the Incurrence Test for the purpose of making Distributions.

"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means the Existing Debt (to be refinanced by the first release of funds from the Escrow Account), and any Financial Indebtedness:

(a)

under the Finance Documents or the RCF Finance Documents;

(b) incurred pursuant to any leases, provided that leases which are not operational leases shall not exceed an aggregate amount of NOK 10 million at any time;

(c)

in the form of any Shareholder Loans;

(d)

arising between any Group Companies, including but not limited to under any cash

pooling arrangement of the Group;

(e)

in the form of any Permitted Hedging Obligation;

(f)

arising under any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond,

standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or

financial institution in respect of an underlying liability in the ordinary course of

business of a Group Company;

(g)

incurred by the Issuer if such indebtedness meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma

including such new Financial Indebtedness, and (i) is incurred as a result of a Tap Issue,

or (ii) ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the

Finance Documents, and (iii) has a final maturity date (or, if applicable, early

redemption dates or instalment dates) which occurs after the Final Maturity Date;

(h)

incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due

to such acquired entity holding indebtedness, provided that (i) the Incurrence Test is

met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question, and (ii) such

indebtedness is refinanced with the Issuer as the new borrower within 60 days of

9

completion of such acquisition;

(i)

under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(j)

incurred under any advance or deferred purchase agreement on normal commercial

terms by any member of the Group from any of its trading partners in the ordinary

course of its trading activities; or

(k)

not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate does not exceed NOK 35 million (or

its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.

"Permitted Financial Support" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.18.

"Permitted Hedging Obligations" means any obligation of any Group Company under a derivative transaction in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Bond Agreement or the RCF Finance Documents (but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes).

"Permitted Reorganisation" means any reorganisation within the Group, provided that the security position remains similar to what has been originally envisaged and approved by the Bond Trustee.

"Permitted Security" means the Existing Security (which will be discharged by the first release of funds from the Escrow Account), and any Security:

(a)

created under the Finance Documents or the RCF Finance Documents;

(b)

created in respect of any Permitted Hedging Obligation or any New Debt, provided

that such security is extended to and shared between the Bond Trustee (on behalf of

the bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedge Counterparty and any New Lenders on

a pari passu and pro rata basis pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement;

(c)

arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements for the purposes of netting

debt and credit balances of Group Companies;

(d)

arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading and not as a result of

any default or omission;

(e)

in the form of rental deposits in respect of any real property leased by a Group

Company in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms;

(f)

created in respect of any Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with

paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness";

(g)_____ incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due _________ to such entity having provided security, provided that the debt secured with such
security is Permitted Financial Indebtedness in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Permitted Financial Indebtedness" provided that such Security are discharged upon refinancing with the Issuer as the new borrower; or

(h)

not otherwise permitted above which in aggregate does not exceed NOK 20 million (or

its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.

"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal

10

personality.

"Pledge of Intercompany Loans" means the first priority pledge over any Intercompany Loans (always excluding any intercompany receivables created under any cash pool arrangements) granted by:

(a)

the Issuer to a Group Company,

(b)

a Group Company to the Issuer,

(c)

a Material Group Company to another Material Group Company,

(d)

a Material Group Company to another Group Company, and

(e)

a Group Company to another Material Group Company,

exceeding in respect of paragraphs (d) and (e) NOK 10 million (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) in a single debtor/creditor relationship and not in aggregate (without being pledged) to exceed NOK 25 million (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) and have a term of more than 12 months.

"Pledge over Machinery and Plant" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's and each of the Norwegian Guarantor's machinery and plant (No: driftstilbeh0rspant).

"Pledge over Trade Receivables" means the first priority pledge over the Issuer's and each of the Norwegian Guarantor's trade receivables (No\factoringpant).

"Pledged Bank Account" means a separate bank account which is pledged, but not blocked, in favour of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) and any other finance party according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement.

"Pre-Disbursement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.4.

"Pre-Disbursement Security" means: (a) the Share Pledges;

(b) the Pledge of Intercompany Loans;

(c) the Pledge over Machinery and Plant;

(d) the Pledge over Trade Receivables;

(e) the Account Pledge; and

(f) the Guarantees.

"Pre-Settlement Conditions Precedent" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 6.1.

"Put Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.4.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"RCF Creditors" means the finance parties under the RCF Finance Documents.

"RCF Lender" means any lender or lenders under a Revolving Credit Facility.

"RCF Finance Documents" means the agreement(s) for the Revolving Credit Facility and any

ll

guarantee, letter of credit or other document entered into in relation thereto.

"Relevant Period" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 14.1.

"Release Notice" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Attachment 2.

"Restricted De-Merger" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.7(c).

"Restricted Disposal" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 13.11(b).

"Revolving Credit Facility" means any super senior revolving credit, guarantee and/or overdraft facility/facilities (including ancillary facilities thereunder) to be provided to the Issuer or to certain Obligors by an RCF Lender for guarantee and working capital purposes (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof), which shall in aggregate be limited to a maximum amount (excluding interest, default interest, fees, costs and expenses related to such facility/facilities) of NOK 150,000,000.

"Secured Obligations" means all present and future liabilities and obligations at any time due, owing or incurred by any Obligor to any Secured Party under the Finance Documents, the RCF Finance Documents, any Permitted Hedging Obligations entered into with a Hedge Counterparty and any New Debt documents, both actual and contingent.

"Secured Party" means the Security Agent acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders), the RCF Creditors, any Hedge Counterparty and any New Lenders.

"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 no. 64 (No: verdipapirregisterloven).

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 18.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any Person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means any Security or other security (including any guarantee) created (or to be created) to secure obligations of the Obligors under any Finance Documents, including but not limited, to:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From and including the Settlement Date:

(a)

the Escrow Account Pledge;

From the release offunds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 6.4:

(b)

the Pre-Disbursement Security.

"Settlement Date" means 10 July 2014.

"Shareholder Loan" means the Existing Shareholder Loan and any other shareholder loan

12

(including accumulated interest) granted or to be granted to the Issuer by shareholders of the Issuer, (i) such loan to be fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations and considered as equity for rating purposes, and (ii) any repayment of, or payment of interest under, any such loan is subject to all present and future obligations and liabilities under the Secured Obligations having been paid and discharged in full, provided that any limitation on prepayment and/or payment of interest shall not prevent the Issuer from any such payment if made under a Permitted Distribution, and further provided that interest may accrue and be compounded with the outstanding principal to the extent interest is not paid.

"Share Pledge" means the first priority pledge (created by the Security Documents and pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) over all the shares (100%) issued by each Guarantor at the date of this Bond Agreement, and all shares (100%) owned by the Issuer (directly or indirectly) in any Group Company which becomes a Material Group Company after the date of this Bond Agreement.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Subordination Undertaking" means an undertaking issued by the Issuer, each Guarantor and any other relevant Group Company according to which the Issuer, each Guarantor and any other relevant Group Company acknowledge and agree that all Intercompany Loans which are subject to Security shall be subordinated to the claims of the Bondholders (with no service of principal or interest for as long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing).

"Subsidiary" means any company over which another Person has Decisive Influence.

"Tap Issue" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 2.3.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

"Working Capital Indebtedness" means all Financial Indebtedness due to an RCF Creditor which is party to the Intercreditor Agreement, other than indebtedness arising under any guarantee facilities, leasing arrangements and other non-cash drawings.

1.2 Construction In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

------------ (d)------- references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;------------

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended

or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to

such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions

relating to such provision or regulation; and

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.

2. THE BONDS

2.1 Binding nature of this Bond Agreement

13

By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 19.1.

2.2 Availability This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.3 The Bonds

(a)

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK

1.000. 000.000 (the "Maximum Loan Amount"). The Bond Issue may comprise one or

more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount

of NOK 650,000,000 (the "Initial Loan Amount").

(b) The Issuer may after the Settlement Date, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, at one or more occasions issue additional Bonds under the Bond Issue (each such issue, a "Tap Issue"), until the earlier of (i) the outstanding loan amount equals the Maximum Loan Amount (less the nominal value of any previously redeemed Bonds, i.e. additional Bonds in the amount of up to NOK 350,000,000), and (ii) five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

(c)

The additional Bonds issued in a Tap Issue shall be subject to the terms and conditions

of the Finance Documents. All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all

respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement also apply for

later Tap Issues. The Bond Trustee will in the event of a Tap Issue make an addendum

to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue.

(d)

The Face Value is NOK 1.00, with minimum subscription and allocation amount of NOK

1.000. 000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

(e)

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Crayon Group Holding AS Senior Secured

Callable Bond Issue 2014/2017".

(f)

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 0010714595.

(g)

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Settlement Date to the Maturity Date.

2.4 Purpose and utilisation The Initial Loan Amount (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall be applied as follows:

(a)

NOK 315,651,495 for repayment of the Existing Shareholder Loan;

(b)

NOK 223,000,000 for repayment of the Existing Senior Loan;

(c)

NOK 62,700,000 for repayment of the Existing Mezzanine Loan; and

(d)

NOK 48,648,505 (net of fees and costs including legal costs of the Manager and the

Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond

Issue) for repayment of accrued interest on the above-mentioned loans, costs incurred

in connection with the Bond Issue and general corporate purposes of the Group.

14

The proceeds from any Tap Issue shall be used for Permitted Acquisitions and for general corporate purposes of the Group (including Permitted Distributions).

3. LISTING
3.1 The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (within six (6) months after the Settlement Date).

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1 Registration The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Depository according to the Securities Register Act and the terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 Notifications The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 US Securities Act The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.

5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.

5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilise its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
6.1 Conditions precedent-Settlement Transfer of the net proceeds (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) from the first tranche of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Settlement Date:

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 15.2, duly executed;

15

(c)

if the Revolving Credit Facility or any agreement for Permitted Hedging Obligations

entered into with a Hedge Counterparty have been entered into prior to the

Settlement Date, the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;

(d)

corporate documents and necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer authorizing

the issue of the Bonds and the execution of the Bond Agreement and all other relevant

documents;

(e)

(unless included in paragraphs (d) and (e)) a power of attorney from the Issuer and

each relevant Group Company to relevant individuals for their execution of the

relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar

documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance

Documents on behalf of the Issuer and each relevant Group Company;

(f)

satisfactory evidence that no actual or potential Event of Default has occurred and is

continuing;

(g)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Depository;

(h)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made

public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(i)

copies of any necessary governmental approval, consent or waiver (as the case may

be) required at such time to issue the Bonds;

(j)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the

Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive 2003/71

EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(k)

all legal opinions have been received in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond

Trustee; and

(l)

the Escrow Account Pledge duly executed and perfected by all parties thereto

(including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the account

bank, to the extent required or advisable under the relevant applicable law).

6.2 Bond Trustee's confirmation of conditions precedent Transfer of the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account) is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.3 Transfer / Release -----------On the Settlement Pate, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to-
Clause 6.2, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the first tranche of the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.4 Conditions precedent - Disbursement The amount on the Escrow Account (if not covered previously, net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue) shall only be used as set out in Clause 2.4, and any release from the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

16

(a)

a duly executed Release Notice from the Issuer;

(b)

satisfactory evidence that no actual or potential Event of Default has occurred and is

continuing;

(c)

relevant documentation evidencing that the Existing Indebtedness will be fully repaid

and discharged on the first release of funds from the Escrow Account;

(d)

a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no indebtedness, security or guarantees

(that will not constitute Permitted Security, Permitted Financial Indebtedness or

Permitted Financial Support) exists within the Group, other than the Existing Debt,

which will be released/repaid and discharged by the first release of funds from the

Escrow Account;

(e)

the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f)

corporate documents and copies of necessary corporate resolutions (including

authorisations) from each Group Company to execute the relevant Finance Documents

to which it is a party;

(g)

the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto (unless delivered to

the Bond Trustee previously);

(h)

evidence that all Security Documents (except the Escrow Account Pledge) have been

executed and perfected (or will be perfected upon completion of agreed Closing

Procedures);

(i)

any statements or legal opinions from counsel in any relevant jurisdiction, reasonably

required by the Bond Trustee in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;

and

(j)

all Finance Documents (unless delivered to the Bond Trustee previously and to the

extent applicable) in acceptable form and duly executed.

6.5 Waivers The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent set out in Clause 6 at its sole discretion.

6.6 Tap Issue The Issuer may carry out a Tap Issue if:

(a)

the amount of the aggregate of (i) the Bonds issued prior to such Tap Issue and (ii) the

requested amount for such Tap Issue, does not exceed the Maximum Loan Amount;

(b)

the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including the new Financial

Indebtedness incurred as a result of such Tap Issue;

(c)

no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a result of such

Tap Issue; and

(d)

the representations and warranties contained in Clause 7 of this Bond Agreement are

true and correct and repeated by the Issuer as at the time of settlement of such Tap

Issue.

7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

17

7.1 Status It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

7.2 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

7.3 Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.

7.4 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with:

(a)

any law or regulation or judicial or official order;

(b)

its constitutional documents; or

(c)

any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

7.5 No Event of Default

(a)

No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under

this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction

contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(b)

No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of

a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any

combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event

(howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it

or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject

which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7.6 Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(a)

to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this

Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and

(b) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

7.7 Litigation

18

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.
7.8 Financial Statements Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.
7.9 No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of its most recent Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
7.10 No misleading information Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.
7.11 No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
7.12 Pari passu ranking Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank pari passu on the terms as set out in Clause 8.1.
7.13 Security No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.
7.14 Repetition The representations and warranties set out in this Clause 7 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Settlement Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.
8. STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY 8.1 Status
The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer, secured on a first priority basis over the Security Interest, and otherwise rank at least pari passu with the claims of its other creditors, except for (i) the super senior Revolving Credit Facility and any Permitted Hedging Obligations entered into with a^Hedge-Ceunterparty which will-recetve taroceeds from any enforcement of the Security Interest and certain distressed disposals prior to the Bonds (however otherwise rank pari passu in right of payment) in accordance with the waterfall provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (ii) obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.
The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital.
8.2 Security All amounts outstanding to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the bondholders) under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to principal, interest, fees and expenses, shall (subject to
19

any mandatory limitations under applicable law) be secured by the Security Interests. Any Group Company becoming an Additional Security Provider shall have a 30 day period to arrange for such Security to be provided following delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee.

The Pre-Disbursement Security, and any additional Security as permitted under paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Security", shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement.

All amounts outstanding under the RCF Finance Documents shall be secured by the PreDisbursement Security.

Any New Debt and/or Permitted Fledging Obligation may be secured by the Pre-Disbursement Security, which shall be shared between the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and any additional security as permitted under paragraph (b) of the definition of "Permitted Security".

The Revolving Credit Facility shall (together with any Permitted Fledging Obligations) rank super senior to the Bonds and any New Debt with respect to proceeds of enforcement of Security Documents and certain distressed disposals.

9. INTEREST
9.1 Interest rate The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Settlement Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2 Interest Payment Dates Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in October 2014.

9.3 Calculation of interest payments (a) The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, the Settlement Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

(b) The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two (2) Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and when the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

(c)

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be

calculated as follows:

20

Interest Amount

Face Value

Floating

x

x

Rate

Floating Rate Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
10.1 Maturity The Bonds shall be repaid by the Issuer in full on the Maturity Date at a price equivalent to the sum of 100.00% of par value.

The Issuer shall have the right, at its option, to repay up to 10% of the Initial Loan Amount (or, if there have been any Tap Issues, 10% of the sum of the Initial Loan Amount and the total amounts raised under any Tap Issues) each year (the "Optional Prepayment"). The repayment per Bond shall be the aggregate of (i) 102% of the Face Value to be repaid, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.

Any unutilized part of the Amortization amount in a calendar year may be subsequently utilised in a later calendar year.

10.2 Mandatory Redemption In the event that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 6.4 have not been fulfilled within sixty (60) Business Days after Settlement Date, the Issuer shall immediately redeem the Bonds at a price of 101% of par value plus accrued interest (by inter alia applying the funds deposited on the Escrow Accounts).

10.3 Call Option

(a)

The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue (in whole or in parts) (a "Call Option") at any

time from and including:

(i) the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling twentyfour (24) months after the Settlement Date (the "Call Date") at a price equivalent to the sum of:

A. the present value on the relevant record date of 103 % of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place on the Call Date;

B. the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Call Date; and

C. accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount,

where the present value under both (A) and (B) above shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Norwegian government bonds (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Call Date and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Bond Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(ii) the date falling 24 months after Settlement Date to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after Settlement Date at a price equal to 103% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), and;

(iii) the date falling 30 months after Settlement Date to, but not included, the

21

Maturity Date at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

(b)

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee

and the Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the settlement date of

the Call Option.

(c)

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of

the Securities Depository).

(d)

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the

Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the

principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any

unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

(e)

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged

against the Outstanding Bonds.

(f)

The period from an Optional Prepayment to the exercise of a Call Option from

Settlement Date to 30 months after the Settlement Date must be minimum 3 months.

10.4 Change of control

(a)

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the

right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101%

of par plus accrued and unpaid interest.

(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 10 days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

(c)

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the

request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of

the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third

Business Day after the end of the ten (10) days exercise period of the Put Option.

(d)

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the

Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond

(including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.4(a)) and any unpaid interest accrued

up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.5 Mandatory Redemption Disposal Upon a Mandatory Redemption Disposal occurring, the Issuer shall no later than thirty (30) days following the Mandatory Redemption Disposal, redeem 100% of the outstanding Bonds at the then applicable call premium (as set out in Clause 10.3) (plus accrued interest).

11. PAYMENTS

11.1 Covenant to pay (a) The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

(b)

The covenant contained in Clause 11.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and

the Bondholders.

22

11.2 Payment mechanics

(a)

If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 11.1(a), the Issuer shall

pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other

Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in

connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

(b)

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to

the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but

if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to

have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated

by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

(c)

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct the Issuer or the

Bondholders or others of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2(a)

or 11.2(b) above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding

Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

(d)

Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall

constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 11.1(a).

11.3 Currency

(a)

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to

provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific

payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on

any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and

the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to

have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default

interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

(b)

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond

Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as

the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction

as set out in Clause 11.3(a) within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the

cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account

registered with the Bondholders' account in the Securities Depository.

(c)

Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar

nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

11.5 Interest in the event of late payment

(a)

In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance

Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest

from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to

Clause 9 plus five percentage points (5.00%) per annum.

(b) The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

23

(c)

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made,

whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clauses 1 6 .1 -

16.9, cf. Clause 16.10.

11.6 Partial payments If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall, always subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, be applied in the following order:

(a)

first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the

Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond

Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

12. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds), provided that Bonds held by (i) the Issuer, (ii) Norvestor Equity funds (iii) an entity with Decisive Influence over the Issuer, (iv) an entity over which the Issuer has Decisive Influence, or (v) any other Group Company, may not be voted for. The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13. COVENANTS
13.1 General The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Clause 13, the Issuer may carry out any Permitted Reorganisation.

13.2 Information Covenants The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any

Event of Default, any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to

lead to an Event of Default and any other event which could reasonably be expected to

have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer

agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or

change the nature of its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 120 days

after the end of the financial year;

(d)

without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available

on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on

Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than sixty (60) days after

the end of the relevant quarter;

24

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de

mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g)

if the Bonds are listed on an exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy

to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the

Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such

rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository (however, the Bond Trustee is

entitled to receive such information from the Security Depository or Paying Agent

directly); and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets

and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.3 Compliance Certificate

(a)

The Issuer shall in connection with the publication of its Financial Reports under

Clauses 13.2(c) and 13.2(d) above confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's

compliance with the covenants in Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives

such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially

in the form set out in Attachment 2 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer,

Chief Financial Officer or an authorised signatory of the Issuer (a "Compliance

Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe

the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has

taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

(b) The Issuer shall upon (i) the incurrence of New Debt, (ii) a Distribution or (iii) a Restricted Disposal, submit to the Bond Trustee a Compliance Certificate which shall also contain calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.

13.4 Distribution The Issuer may declare and pay dividends, make any payments under (principals and/or interest) under any Shareholder Loans or make similar distributions to its shareholders (in each case, a "Distribution") provided that:

(a) no Event of Default is continuing on the date the Distribution is resolved or made or will occur as a result thereof;
(b) the aggregate amount used for such Distribution shall not exceed the Distribution Cap; and
(c) it is a Permitted Distribution.
The Issuer shall further ensure that none of its Subsidiaries (i) declare or make any capital distributions to any company or person other than another Group Company (or pro rata to each shareholder in the relevant Subsidiary, which is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary), (ii) purchases any shares issued by the Issuer (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party), or (iii) make any other arrangement with similar effect.

25

13.5 Cash flow restrictions The Issuer shall procure that no restrictions shall exist on the ability of any Group Company (other than the Issuer) to pay dividend, make other distributions or otherwise stream cash to the Issuer to the extent that this will not be in conflict with terms and conditions for Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.6 Clean Down Period The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year, there shall be a period of five (5) consecutive calendar days during which the Working Capital Indebtedness or any amount outstanding thereunder shall amount to zero. Not less than three (3) months shall elapse between two (2) clean down periods.

13.7 De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of:

(a)

the Issuer;

(b)

any Guarantor into two or more separate companies, unless (A) such separate

companies are (directly or indirectly) wholly-owned by the Issuer or where the Issuer

(directly or indirectly) maintains the same pro rata ownership share in that Guarantor

before and after such de-merger, corporate restructuring or split, (B) the shares of

such companies are pledged as security in favour of the Security Agent on behalf of the

Secured Parties according to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (C)

following the de-merger, corporate restructuring or split, the Guarantee and Security

provided by any such company remains in full force and effect; or

(c)

any other Group Company, to the extent such de-merger or other corporate

reorganization would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.8 Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of any Group Company with any other companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.9 Nomination of Material Group Companies The Issuer shall nominate as Material Group Companies such Group Companies as are necessary to ensure that the Issuer and the Material Group Companies in aggregate always account for at least 80% of the total EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis, based on the preceding last twelve months. The Issuer shall ensure that Group Companies whose assets or EBITDA
______constitutes more than 15% of the Group's assets or EBITDA (on a consolidated basis) as applicable, shall provide Pledge over Machinery and Plant and Pledge over Trade Receivables (or similar in applicable jurisdiction) and accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, provided that the parties shall, when deciding whether or not such Group Company shall grant security, give due regard to any legal and practical difficulties (including registration costs) in obtaining such security. For the avoidance of doubt, Swedish and Danish Group Companies shall not be obliged to provide Pledge over Machinery and Plant and Pledge over Trade Receivable due to the registration costs. It is understood that applicable legal limitations under mandatory provisions of law may apply to such Security.

26

Compliance with the conditions set out above shall be confirmed annually in connection with delivery of the audited annual accounts for the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the Bond Trustee, or at the request of the Bond Trustee, without undue delay.

13.10 Acquisitions The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, acquire any company, shares, securities, business or undertaking (or any interest in any of them), unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.11 Disposals The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will sell or otherwise dispose of assets or operations in any Group Company, outside the ordinary course of business, to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries or where the Issuer (directly or indirectly) maintains the same pro rata ownership share in that Group Company before or after such disposal, (a "Restricted Disposal"), unless such Restricted Disposal is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction.

If a Restricted Disposal includes a sale of assets over which Security is granted under the Finance Documents, the net proceeds from such Restricted Disposal shall be deposited on a Pledged Bank Account and be applied to:

(a)

finance in whole or in part the acquisition of any new assets over which New Security

shall be granted; and/or

(b)

repay Net Interest Bearing Debt (and with no requirement to cancel any commitments

accordingly) (according to the waterfall provisions of the Intercerditor Agreement) in

respect of the relevant senior creditors sharing the Security Interests over the pledged

assets (and where repayment of Bonds shall be carried out at the prices set out in

Clause 10.3).

In the event that any assets over which Security is granted under the Finance Documents are sold or otherwise disposed of by any Group Company to either the Issuer or any of the Issuer's wholly-owned Subsidiaries, the acquirer shall pledge such assets as Security in favour of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties according to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement).

Any Security granted pursuant to this Clause 13.11 shall be deemed as a "Security" and any documents executed in relation hereto shall be deemed as "Security Documents".

13.12 Continuation of business The Issuer shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall (other than as permitted under the Bond Agreement or with the Bond Trustee's prior consent), cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement.

13.13 Arm's length transactions The Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into any transaction with any Person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.14 Corporate status

27

The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.15 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies will, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.16 Negative pledge The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided that the Group Companies have a right to allow to create, subsist, retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.

13.17 Financial Indebtedness restriction The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, incur any new Financial Indebtedness or maintain any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided that the Group Companies shall have a right to incur and maintain Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

13.18 Financial support restriction The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, directly or indirectly make or grant any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any person or group or otherwise voluntary assume any financial liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect of any other person or group, not being a member of the Group, except for financial support granted in relation to any Permitted Financial Indebtedness or in the ordinary course of business ("Permitted Financial Support").

14. INCURRENCE TEST
14.1 Definitions In this Agreement:

"Cash" means on any date the Group's unrestricted, unpledged and freely available cash (however always including cash subject only to restrictions and pledges under the Security Documents), including cash equivalents.

"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):

(a)

before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any

member of the Group;

(b)

before deducting any interest, commission, fees, discounts, prepayment fees,

premiums or charges in respect of Financial Indebtedness and other finance payments,

whether paid, payable or capitalised;

(c)

before taking into account any exceptional items in accordance with GAAP in respect

of the Relevant Period;

(d)

before taking into account any exceptional non-recurring items related to the issuance

of Permitted Financial Indebtedness and/or Permitted Reorganisations, divestments

and acquisitions;

(e)

before taking into account any gains or losses (whether realised or unrealised) on any

derivative instrument (including but not limited to in respect of any foreign exchange

28

fluctuations);

(f)

before deducting any costs in relation to future divestments or acquisitions (provided

that such costs are financed by borrowings from third parties, Shareholder Loans or

new equity injections);

(g)

after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain

against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course

of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of

any asset;

(h)

after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of

any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;

(i)

after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or

losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and

(j)

after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation,

impairment or depletion of assets of members of the Group.

"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the cash interest expenses, (excluding fees and expenses in respect of the issuance of the Initial Loan Amount, any Tap Issue, the Revolving Credit Facility and any New Debt), in respect of Financial Indebtedness (calculated on a consolidated basis), and excluding payment-in-kind interest capitalized on Shareholder Loans or other subordinated indebtedness, or gains or losses (whether realized or unrealized) on any derivative instrument (including but not limited to in respect of any foreign exchange fluctuations), pension liabilities, any interest element related to a lease or hire purchase contract.

"Interest Bearing Debt" means, at the date of calculation (on a consolidated basis for the Group), the aggregate outstanding interest bearing Permitted Financial Indebtedness (excluding the items in sub-paragraphs (b) - (g) and (j) - (I) of the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness, any leases, any guarantees entered into in the ordinary course of business, any Permitted Hedging Obligations, any Shareholder Loans, any Intercompany Loan and any other Financial Indebtedness which is non-interest bearing).

"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.

"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest income relating to Cash.

"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means Interest Bearing Debt less Cash.

"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.

14.2 Incurrence Test The incurrence test (the "Incurrence Test") is met if:

(a)

the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA:

(i) from (and including) the Settlement Date up to (but excluding) 10 July 2015 of not more than 3.50:1.0;

(ii) from (and including) 10 July 2015 up to (and including) the Maturity Date is not greater than 3.00; and

29

(b)

the Interest Coverage Ratio from (and including) the Settlement Date up to (and

including) the Maturity Date of minimum 2.50.

14.3 Calculation and compliance

(a)

When calculating the Incurrence Test, the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest

Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer,

falling no earlier than one month prior to the event relevant for the application of the

Incurrence Test. The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant

testing date so determined, but include any existing New Debt and take into account

(whichever is relevant):

(i) the commitment of any existing Financial Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Credit Facility) and the new Financial Indebtedness (if any) which is contemplated to be drawn in connection with the relevant event and the Finance Charges related thereto, provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of such new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt);

(ii) the Distribution; or

(iii) the Restricted Disposal.

in respect of which the Incurrence Test is applied. The EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in paragraph (c) below.

(b)

The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period

ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report, but

adjusted as set out in paragraph (c) below.

(c)

The figures for the EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Relevant

Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial

Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

(i) entities acquired or disposed of (or, in the event of any Restricted Disposal, assets or operations disposed of) by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period;

(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from New Debt shall be included, pro forma and taking into account any cost savings and synergies achieved, for the coming twelve (12) months as a result of the Permitted Acquisition, provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent financial due diligence advisor, acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and (B) the increase in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 15% of the EBITDA for the Group; and

(iii) any Finance Charges under the commitment of any existing Financial Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Credit Facility) and the new Financial Indebtedness (if any) to be calculated as if fully drawn pro forma for the Relevant Period.

15. FEES AND EXPENSES

30

15.1 Expenses The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer (or any Guarantor or any other person), irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.
15.2 Fee Agreement The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).
15.3 Payment deficiency Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Finance Documents.
15.4 Public fees Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
15.5 Withholding tax (a) The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.
(b) If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:
(i) the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and
(ii) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.
(c) If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.
16. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
31

The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

16.1 Non-payment Any Obligor fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

16.2 Breach of other obligations Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

16.3 Cross default If for any Obligor:

(a) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;
(b) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(c) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(d) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that (i) a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (a) to (d) above of a total of NOK 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in other currencies and (ii) the Revolving Credit Facility shall be excluded from the Financial Indebtedness definition for the purposes of this Clause 16.3 except for paragraph (b) above (cross acceleration), shall apply.

16.4 Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in Compliance Certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

16.5 Insolvency

(a)

Any Obligor is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends

making payments on any of its debts or, by reasons of actual or anticipated financial

difficulties, commence negotiation with one or more of its creditors with a view to

rescheduling any of its indebtedness;

(b) the value of the assets of any Obligor is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities); or

(c) a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor.

16.6 Insolvency proceedings and dissolution If for any Obligor any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in

32

relation to:

(a)

the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up,

dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(b)

a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an

adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;

(c)

the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation),

receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar

officer of any of its assets; or

(d)

a resolution is taken in order for it to be dissolved,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. This Clause 16.6 shall not apply to any winding-up petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within fourteen (14) days of commencement.

16.7 Creditors' process Any Obligor having any of its assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets, having an aggregate value as set out in Clause 16.3.

16.8 Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

16.9 Material adverse change Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.10 Acceleration

(a)

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 16.1 - 16.9

occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the

Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and

expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including any other contractual and non-contractual claims, that are derived therefrom or in connection therewith.

(b)

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clauses 16.1 -16.9

occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds

including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate

payment if:

(i) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions; or

(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the

33

Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

(c)

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clause 16.10(a)

or 16.10(b) declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the

Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of

interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including

accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived

from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be

calculated at the prices set out in Clause 10.3.

17. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

17.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

(a)

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders

community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all

decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to,

any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other

capital classes.

(b) The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

(c)

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall

be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 18.1. Resolutions passed at

Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the

Bonds.

17.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' Meetings (a) A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:
(i) the Issuer;

(ii) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(iii) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(iv) the Bond Trustee.

(b) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

(c)

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10)

Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may

summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

(d) The summons to a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The Exchange shall

34

also be informed if the Bonds are listed.

(e)

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee

may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If

amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the

proposal shall be stated in the summons.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of

Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders'

Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

(g)

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the

procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with

the approval of all Voting Bonds.

(h)

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee.

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the

Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not

present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired

by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

(i)

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the

numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the

resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be

signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders'

Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available

to the Bondholders.

(j)

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed -

representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting.

The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the

Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative

holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of

dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote

for the Bonds.

(k)

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The

Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not

participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the

voting.

17.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings

(a)

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond

owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in

accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee

may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the

Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall

count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

(b)

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be

deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the

Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the

Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

35

(c)

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to

demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding

vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

(d)

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented

at the meeting, see however Clause 17.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting

Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

(e)

Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the

Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 17.3(f).

(f)

A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders'

Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond

Agreement.

(g)

The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain

Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other

Bondholders.

(h) The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

(i)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at

the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.4 Repeated Bondholders' Meeting

(a)

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 17.3(d), a

repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The

attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in

the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

(b) The procedures and resolutions as set out in Clauses 17.2 and 17.3 above shall also apply for a repeated Bondholders' meeting, however, a valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

18. THE BOND TRUSTEE

18.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

(a)

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under

this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the

terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of

principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing

matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make

the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what

is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

(b) The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter

36

has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

(c)

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this

Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or

modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not

materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to

this Bond Agreement.

(d)

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances

other than those mentioned in Clause 18.1(c) provided that prior notification has been

made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and

the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond

Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any

Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the

Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the

dispatch of such notification.

(e)

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 18.1 (c) and (d) to

amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes,

misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

(f)

The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or

others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

(g)

The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by

the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 18.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

(h)

The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's

approval, as provided for in Clause 17.3(e).

(i)

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond

issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond

Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

(j)

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower

denomination in order to facilitate partly redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or

other situations.

18.2 Liability and indemnity

(a)

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer

as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing

its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to

the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.3. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the

content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

(b)

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all

losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence

by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and

representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and

any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result

of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in

37

connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

(c)

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the

Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 16.10(b) (i) or

17.2(a) (ii), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and

anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that

instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond

Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the

Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

18.3 Change of Bond Trustee

(a)

Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in

Clause 17. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until

such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

(b)

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant

to the terms set out in Clause 15, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the

Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties

pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the

Bond Trustee is liable.

(c)

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives

without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and

information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond

Agreement.

(d)

If the Bond Trustee and/or the Security Agent becomes subject to bankruptcy

proceedings, the procedures set out in Clause 17 of the Bond Agreement shall apply to

the change of Bond Trustee and/or Security Agent (as the case may be), except that

the Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Issuer within ten (10) Business

Days after the Issuer becomes aware of the bankruptcy proceedings being opened and

such Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Issuer.

18.4 Appointment of Security Agent

(a)

The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

(b)

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the

Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of

their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security

Documents with respect to the Security Interest.

(c)

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer

shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but

the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

(d)

The Issuer further appoints the Bond Trustee (both when acting as Bond Trustee and

when acting as Security Agent) as agent (in Danish: repræsentant) for the Bondholders

in accordance with Chapter 2 a of the Danish act on trading in securities etc. (in

Danish: værdipapirhandelsloven) (as amended from time to time).

(e)

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a

Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the

38

Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

(f)

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the

appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond

Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

(g)

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be

amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant

Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such

amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

19. MISCELLANEOUS
19.1 The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to

the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities

Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards, and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, guarantors or any other third party based on claims derived from the Finance Documents, including but not limited to recover the Bonds, enforcing any Security Interest or pursuing claims against any party as a substitute for damages to the interest under the Finance Documents, regardless of claims being pursued on a contractual or non-contractual basis, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

19.2 Bond Defeasance

(a)

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations

discharged (see Clause 19.2(b)) upon complying with the following conditions (the

39

"Bond Defeasance"):
(i) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee, or other security accepted by the Bond Trustee, (the "Defeasance Security") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or upon an exercise of a Call Option plus applicable premium) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;
(ii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a duly signed certificate that the Defeasance Security was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and
(iii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Bond Defeasance including any statement regarding the perfection and enforceability, rights against other creditors (including any hardening period) and other issues regarding the Defeasance Security.

(b)

Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 19.2(a):

(i) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j) or otherwise agreed;

(ii) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Defeasance Security to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, such further actions as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require;

(iii) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(iv) any Security other than the Defeasance Security shall be discharged; and

(v) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (i) - (iii) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

(c)

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Security shall be

applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond

Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this

Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

(d)

If the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Security shall be considered as a replacement

of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Security.

19.3 Limitation of claims All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and

40

principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 no. 18.

19.4 Access to information

(a)

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the

Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to

distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in

this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is

available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

(b) The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

19.5 Amendments All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

19.6 Notices, contact information

(a)

Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond

Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the

Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only.

Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(ii) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

(b) The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

(c)

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in

connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall

be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or telefax. Any such notice or

communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(i) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(ii) if by e-mail, when received; and

(iii) if by fax, when received.

(d) The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

(e)

When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply

(unless otherwise stated):

(i) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

41

(ii) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(iii) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Day.

19.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

(a)

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond

Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall be

governed by Norwegian law.

(b) All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and the Issuer, shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

(c)

This Clause 19.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond

Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any

other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may

take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

42

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.

For and behalf of CRAYON GROUP HOLDING AS as Issuer

For and behalf of NORDIC TRUSTEE ASA as Bond Trustee

Jens Rugseth
Name with capital letters
CEO
Title

Signature
StC U ZJT
Name with capital letters
Title

43

The Original Guarantors

Attachment 1

Crayon A/S, incorporated under the laws of Denmark.
Crayon AB, incorporated under the laws of Sweden.
Crayon AS, incorporated under the laws of Norway.
Crayon Group AS, incorporated under the laws of Norway.
Crayon Oy, incorporated under the laws of Finland.
Crayon Limited, incorporated under the laws of the United Kingdom.
Inmeta Consulting AS, incorporated under the laws of Norway.

28 71 6184 556635-9799 991124 810 981 125 592
2096054-3 0405519 977 302 390

44

Attachment 2

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Nordic Trustee ASA P.0. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

CRAYON GROUP HOLDING AS SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2017 - ISIN 0010714595

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate [for the period [period]] / [issued in connection with [relevant circumstance pursuant to Clause 13.3(b)]].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.3 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of

the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you;

2.

the undertakings set out in Clauses 13.4 to, and including, 13.18 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is or will be established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;

4.

[the following companies in the Group are Material Group Companies as of [date]: [list of

companies].]

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

[Calculations and figures in respect of (i) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and (ii) the Interest Coverage Ratio are enclosed.]

Yours faithfully,

Crayon Group Holding AS

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]
45

RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

Attachment 3

Nordic Trustee ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

CRAYON GROUP HOLDING AS SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BOND ISSUE 2014/2017 - ISIN 0010714595

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Nordic Trustee ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.

We hereby represent and warrant that:

(a)

no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur as a

result of the release from the Escrow Account; and

(b)

we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being

still true and accurate at the time hereof.

Yours faithfully,

Crayon Group Holding AS

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

46

