[SIN NO 001067432.8
BOND AGREEMENT between
Troms Offshore Supply AS (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Troms Offshore Supply AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/20x6

schjodt.no | Page a of 48

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.

INTERPRETATION ...................................................................................................................... 3

.

THE BONDS.............................................................................................................................. 10

3.

LISTING..................................................................................................................................... 10

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY.............................................................. 11

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS ................................................................................ n

.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT..................................................................................................... xx

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES............................................................................... 14

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY.............................................................................. x6

9.

INTEREST.................................................................................................................................. x6

xo.

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION.....................................................................X7

xx.

PAYMENTS................................................................................................................................ 19

12.

ISSUER'SACQUISITION OF BONDS..........................................................................................21

13.

COVENANTS............................................................................................................................... 21

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES............................................................................................................... 30

X5.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT................... ;........................................................................................... 3x

x6.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING .................................................................................................... 33

17.

THE BOND TRUSTEE............................................................................................................... 36

18.

MISCELLANEOUS....................................................................'................................................ 38

Attachment x COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE........................................................................................... 43

Attachment 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROWACCOUNT....................................................................... 45

Attachment 3 FORM OF GUARANTEE................................................................................................... 46

2678427_8

schjodt.no | Page 3 o f48

This agreement has been entered into on 9 April 2013 between:

(1)

TROMS OFFSHORE SUPPLY AS (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with

registration number 995 541467 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and

(2)

NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA (a company existing under the laws o f Norway with

registration number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

x.i Definitions
"Account Bank" means SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge or any other bank acceptable to tire Bond Trustee.

"Account M anager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Assignment o f Earnings" a first priority assignment o f any earnings payable to the Guarantors, or any other Group Company related to the Vessels under any Charter Contract.

"Assignment o f Insurances" means the first priority assignment of the Insurances to he granted by each Guarantor in respect of the Vessels.

"Attachm ent" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means three months NIBOR.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' M eeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 16.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo.

"Business D ay Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, an adjustment of the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).

2678427,8
Qy

schjodt.no | Page 4 o f 48

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 10.2.

"Change o f Control Event" means if and when:

(i)

prior to a listing ("Listing") of the shares of the Issuer on Oslo Børs, Oslo Axess or

any other reputable exchange, Hitec Vision Asset Solutions, L.P. reduces its direct

or indirect ownership to less than 50.1% of the voting shares of the Issuer; or

(ii) after a Listing having occurred, Hitec Vision Asset Solutions, L.P. reduces its direct or indirect ownership to less than 34% of the voting shares of the Issuer.

"Charter Contract" means:

(i)

any intra-Group charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect

of a Vessel; and

(ii) any charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect a Vessel entered into with a customer outside the Group,

in both events (i) and (ii) limited to any charter with a total contract period of no less than 12 months.

"Corporate Facility" means the NOK 50,000,000 bank loan facility with the Issuer as borrower and SEB Merchant Banking, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ as lender.

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:

(i)

a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or

(ii)

a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board o f directors of

that other person.

When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.

"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Earnings Account" means any bank account held with the Account Bank by:

(i)

each Guarantor; or

(ii)

any other Group Company in the event any Guarantor has entered into an intra

Group charter contract and/or other contract of employment in respect of the

relevant Vessel (any charter hire under such contract, net of relevant taxes costs

etc., shall promptly be further transferred to the Earnings Account held by the

relevant Guarantor);

and to which the Obligors shall procure that all earnings related to the Vessels are paid directly to such Earnings Accounts.

2678427_8
1"^'

schjodt.no | Page 5 of 48

"Earnings Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Earnings Accounts, where the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights. The Earnings Accounts shall he pledged, but unblocked, unless an Event of Default occurs and is outstanding,

"Escrow Account" means an account(s) in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.

"Escrow Account Pledge" means a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account, where the Account Bank has waived any set-off rights.

"Event o f D efault" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.x.

"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.

"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.

"Factoring Agreement" means a first priority assignment of trade receivables (NO: factoringpant) to be granted by each Guarantor and to be registered in the Norwegian Register of Mortgage Moveable Property (NO: L0S0reregisteret),

"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, and (v) any other document the Issuer and the Bond Trustee agree in writing to be a Finance Document,

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:

(i)

moneys borrowed;

(ii)

any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or

dematerialized equivalent;

(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;

(iv) the amount o f any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;

(v)

receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are

sold on a non-recourse basis);

(vi) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 6 of 48
(vii) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(viii) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any o f the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above,
"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board o f Directors.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and a "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from each Guarantor securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses.
"Guarantor" means each of Clean Design Castor AS, a limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with company registration number 995 590 158 and Clean Design Pollux AS, a limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway with company registration number 995 590182 (together the "Guarantors").
"Insurances" means any insurance taken out in respect of the Vessels pursuant to Clause 13.7.1.
"Intercompany Loan" means any intercompany loan with the Issuer as lender and a Guarantor as borrower and existing or arising at any time during the tenor of the Bonds, including but not limited to those listed in Attachment 3 hereto.
"Intercompany Loan Assignment" means a first priority assignment granted by the Borrower in respect of the Intercompany Loans.
"Interest Payment Date" means 11 January, u April, n July and n October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer for the semi-annual period ending on 30 June each year, drawn up according to GAAP.
2678427.J5

schjodt.no | Page 7 of 48

"I SIN" means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.

"Issue Date" means lx April 20x3.

"Issuer's Bonds" mean any Bonds owned by the Issuer, any person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer, or any person or persons over whom the Issuer has Decisive Influence.

"Manager" mean the joint lead managers for the Bond Issue, being RS Platou Markets AS, Sparebanken x Markets and Swedbanlc First Securities.

"Mandatory Prepayment Event" means any of the following events:

(i)

one of the Vessels or both of the Vessels is/are sold or disposed;

(ii) the Issuer's xoo% direct ownership in the shares of each of the Guarantors changes; or

(iii) an Event of Default occurs which is not remedied within the agreed remedy period.

"Margin" means five point forty per cent (5.40%) per annum.

"M aterial Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and/or the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or the Guarantors' or any other security providers ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents and/or (c) tire validity or enfox'ceability of any Finance Document.

"M aturity Date" means xx April 20x6. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"Mortgages" means a first priority cross collateralised mortgage in the amount of NOK 500,000,000 to he executed by each Guarantor and recorded against each Vessel.

"NIBOR" means the interest rate which (a) is published on Reutei's Screen NIBR Page (or through another system or on another website replacing the said system or website respectively) approximately X2.00 noon on the relevant Interest Payment Date (on days on which the Norwegian money market has shorter opening hours (New Year's Eve and the Wednesday before Maundy Thursday), the data published by the banks at xo a.m. shall be used), or, if such publication does not exist, (b) at that time corresponds to (i) the average of the quoted lending rates of Norwegian commercial banks on the interbank market in Oslo or, if only one or no such quotes are provided, (ii) the assessment of the Bond Trustee of the intei'est rate, which in the Bond Trustee's determination is equal to what is offered by Norwegian commercial banks, for the applicable period in the Oslo interbank market. If any such rate is below zero, NIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

z678427_8
/V

schjodt.no | Page 8 o f48

"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.

"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).

"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.

"Payment Date" means a date for payment o f principal or interest under this Bond Agreement.

"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.

"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.

"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 17.4.

"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2.

"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.

"Security Interests" means:

(A) In respect of each Guarantor (and, as regards items (iv),(vi) and (viii) below, in respect of a Group Company who has hired a Vessel under a Charter Contract):

(i)

the Guarantees;

(ii) the Mortgages;

(iii) the Assignment of Insurances;

(iv) the Assignment of Earnings;

(v)

The Factoring Agreements;

(vi) the Earnings Account Pledge;

(vii) the Step-in Right Agreement; and

(viii) a first priority assignment of any Charter Contract (to the extent legally

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 9 of 48

and practically possible),

(B) In respect of the Issuer:

(i)

the Share Pledge;

(ii) the Escrow Account Pledge; and

(iii) the Intercompany Loan Assignment.

"Share Pledge" means a first priority share pledge granted by the Issuer over all of the shares (100%) in each Guarantor.

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"Step-in-Right Agreement" means, in respect of each Vessel, an agreement between the Issuer, the Vessel Manager and the Bond Trustee granting the Bond Trustee a step-in right in respect of the Vessel Management Agreements (to the extent possible, within the limitations of applicable law).

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Total Loss Event" shall mean an actual or constructive total loss of one or both Vessels:

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"Vessels" means the following vessels (each a "Vessel"):

(i)

TROMS CASTOR, the platform supply vessel registered under Norwegian flag

(NOR) with IMO number 94222x3 and call sign LALC; and

(ii) TROMS POLLUX, the platform supply vessel registered under Norwegian flag (NOR) with IMO number 9439022 and call sign LAZR.

"Vessel Manager" means Troms Offshore Management AS, Norwegian organisation no. 896 488 U2.

"Vessel Management Agreem ent" means the agreement entered into between the Vessel Manager and each Guarantor for the technical and commercial operation of the Vessels.

'Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

x.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a)

headings are for ease of reference only;

(b)

words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c)

references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

2.6y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 10 of 48

(d)

references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e)

references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be

amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate

authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings,

judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f)

an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g)

references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company,

corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust,

joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal

personality).

2.

THE BONDS

2.1

Binding nature o f this Bond Agreement

2 .1.1 By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2 .1.2 This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. This Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2 .2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOI< 500,000,000 (Norwegian kronerfive hundred million only).

The Face Value is NOK 500,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Troms Offshore Supply AS Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2013/2016".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001067432.8.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3

Purpose and utilization

The net proceeds of the Bonds shall be applied firstly to repay all and any existing debt relating directly to the Vessels, secondly to repay the Corporate Facility and thirdly for general corporate purposes of the Group.

3

LISTING

3-1

The Issuer shall apply for listing o f the Bonds on Oslo Børs or, at the discretion of the Issuer,

on Oslo Børs ASA's Alternative Bond Market ("ABM").

26y8427_8

schjodt.no [ Page 11 of 48

3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

4.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

4.2 The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions o f this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

4.3 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

5.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

5.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as

applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due

e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business).

Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at its

own cost and expense.

5.2 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

6.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

6.1

Conditions Precedent for disbursement to Escrow Account

6.1.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date;

(a)

this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b)

the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 14,2, duly executed;

(c)

an irrevocable and unconditional payment instruction to the Bond Trustee and

the Paying Agent to pay from the Escrow Account any fees and costs due and

owing related to the Bond Issue;

(d)

certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Issuer to issue the

Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(e)

a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of

the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or

similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute

the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

2678427^!

schjodt.no | Page i z of 48

(f)

certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official

document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and

(ii) the Articles ofAssociation of the Issuer;

(g)

the Issuer's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(h)

confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of

the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus

directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(i)

to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(j)

confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the

Securities Depository;

(lc)

copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or

made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(l )

any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee

(including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions

related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents);

and

(m)

no anticipated Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and

(n)

establishment of tire Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties

(including relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

The documents listed in items (d), (e), (f) and (g) above shall also be delivered by each other Obligor.

6.1.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set out in Clause 6.1.1.

6.1.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are ftdfilled.

6.1.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt o f confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.1.3, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow Account.

6.2 Conditions Precedent fo r disbursem ent from the Escrow Account
6.2.1 Amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account shall only he used according to the purpose as set out in Clause 2.3, including paying any fees, expenses and costs related to the Issue and the release relating to the disbursement from the Escrow Account to the Issuer shall be subject to the following conditions:

(a)

a duly executed release notice from the Issuer;

(b)

satisfactory documentation evidencing that the amount to be released shall be

applied in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

2678427J3

schjodt.no | Page 13 of 48

(c)

evidence in the form of copies policies of insurance of all relevant Insurances

having been taken out;

(d)

necessary corporate documents and corporate resolutions from the Obligors to

execute the Security and other Finance Documents (unless delivered pursuant

to Clause 6.1.1 above);

(e)

the following Security (excluding the Escrow Account Pledge) being executed

and perfected (or satisfactory evidence that the Security Documents will be

executed and legally perfected in connection with (and simultaneously with)

the release of funds according to closing procedures acceptable to the Bond

Trustee:

(i)

the Mortgages;

(ii)

the Assignment of Earnings;

(iii) The Factoring Agreements;

(iv) the Assignment of Insurances;

(v)

the Guarantees;

(vi)

the Earnings Account Pledges;

(vii) the Assignment of Charter;

(viii) the Step-in Right Agreements;

(ix)

the Intercompany Loans Assignment; and

(x)

the Share Pledge.

(f)

all statements and legal opinions reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee

have been received in form and substance satisfactoiy to the Bond Trustee;

(g)

no anticipated Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(h)

documentation evidencing that all existing interest bearing financial

indebtedness of each of the Guarantors (other than any Intercompany Loans)

will be repaid in full in connection with (and simultaneously with) the release

of the funds and all Security hereunder are or will be released in connection

with (and simultaneously with) the release o f the funds according to closing

procedures acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and

(i)

any other Finance Documents (unless delivered and approved on or prior to the

Issue Date) are in acceptable form and are executed.

The Bond Trustee may waive or postpone the delivery of certain conditions precedent listed in 6.2.1 at its sole discretion.

6.2.2 In the event that conditions precedent as described in Clause 6.2.1 above are not satisfied for any reason or waived before the first Interest Payment Day, the funds shall be returned to

2678427-8

schjodt.no | Page 14 of 48

the Bondholders. In such event, repayment of the entire Bond Issue shall be made at (i) par value if the failure to comply is beyond the control of the Issuer and (ii) otherwise at 105.0% of par value.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1

The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee with respect to itself and each o f the

Guarantors that:

(a)

Status

It is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing and

registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power

to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b)

Power and authority

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary

action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond

Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the

transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.

(c)

Valid, binding and enforceable obligations

This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party

constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto)

its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their

respective terms, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration,

filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to

render the said documents enforceable against it.

(d)

Non-conflict with other obligations

The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other

Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated

thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or

official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or

instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

(e)

No Event o f Default

(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making o f any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.

(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2678427_8

schjodt.no [ Page 15 of 48

Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(g)

Litigation

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations o f or

before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is

likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and

belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h)

Financial Statements

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately

represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective

dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i)

No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its

business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse

Effect.

0)

No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee

for the purposes o f this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material

respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is

stated.

(k)

No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any

payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the

Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l )

Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance

Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

(m)

Security

Upon completion o f the refinancing of the Guarantor as contemplated in Clause

2.3 (Purpose and utilisation); no Security will exist over any of the present assets

of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 16 o f48

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date and on each drawdown date from the Escrow Account.

8.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

8.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are

preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead o f subordinated debt.

8.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by

the Security Interest.

8.3

If required by any client (the "Client") under a Charter Contract, the Bond Trustee (on

behalf of the bondholders) shall be authorized and obligated to issue a quiet enjoyment

letter (the "QEL") in favour of such Client (and its creditors) in such form as the Issuer shall

reasonably require in order to be able to comply with the requirements of the Charter

Contract.

The QEL shall be given on industry standard terms, and shall include an undertaking that

for as long as

.

(i)

the Client is not in breach of obligations under the Charter Contract which breach

would permit the termination o f the Charter Contract, and

(ii) payment of all amounts due and payable under the Charter Contract is duly made pursuant to the terms thereof,

then, the rights and remedies of the Bond Trustee under the Mortgage shall be subordinated and subject to the rights and remedies of the Client under the Charter Contract, and the Bond Trustee shall not disturb or interfere with the quiet and peaceful use, possession and enjoyment of the Vessels by the Client under the Charter Contract, provided that the QEL may only be issued if the QEL provides for the Bond Trustee (i) to (if applicable) be notified by the Client if the vessel owner is in default under any Charter Contract and is granted the right to remedy such breach, and (ii) in case of an Event of Default under the Bond Agreement which is not remedied, to have a right to assign the Vessel and the Charter Contract to a nominee of the Bond Trustee, being reasonably satisfactory to the Client.

9

INTEREST

9-1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

9.2

Interest payments shall be made quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each

year, the first Interest Payment Date falling in July 2013.

9-3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 17 o f48

9.4 The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.
9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning o f the relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two (2) Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date.
When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x

Floating

Rate

x

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

10. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION
xo.i Maturity The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (roo%) by the Issuer.

xo.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem the Outstanding Bonds (all or nothing) at any time from and including the date falling 2 years after the Settlement Date to, but not included, the Final Maturity Date at a price equal to 103,00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.2.2

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 10.3.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% o f par plus accrued interest.

26y8427_8

/?y C cu

schjodt.no | Page 18 of 48

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within fifteen (15) Business Days after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

10.3.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent o f the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the fifteen (15) Business Day exercise period of the Put Option.

10.3.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

10.4 10.4.1

Mandatory Redemption
Upon a Mandatory Prepayment Event occurring the Issuer shall, on or about the day the relevant Group Company receives the proceeds following the relevant Mandatory Prepayment Event, redeem:

(i)

100% of the Outstanding Bonds (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) if

both Vessels are sold or the 100% direct ownership of both Guarantors changes; or

(ii) 60% of the Outstanding Bonds (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) if one of the Vessels is sold or the 100% direct ownership of one of the Guarantors changes.

(iii) 100% of the Outstanding Bonds if an Event of Default occurs which is not remedied within the agreed remedy period.

10.4.2 Partial mandatory redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

10.4.3 Any Mandatory Prepayment shall be made at the following prices:

(i)

if occurring anytime from the Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest

payment day 1 year after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 105,00% o f par

value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount);

(ii) if occurring anytime from and included the interest payment day 1 year after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the interest payment day occurring 2 years after the Settlement Date, at a price equal to 104.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount); and

(iii) if occurring anytime from and including the interest payment day 2 years after the Settlement Date to, but not including, the Maturity Date, at a price equal to 103.00% of par value (plus accrued interest on the redeemed amount).

10.4.4

For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption price shall be determined based on the date the Mandatory Prepayment Event occurred and not based on the date the repayment is carried out.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 19 of 48

10.4.5

A Mandatory Redemption shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date of die Call Option.

10.4.6

On the settlement date o f the Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10,4 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.5 10.5.1

Total Loss Prepayment
Upon a Total Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available for the relevant Group Company, however no later than 180 days after the occurrence of the Total Loss Event, redeem:

(i)

100% of the Outstanding Bonds at par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed

amount) if both Vessels suffers a Total Loss Event; or

(ii) 50% of the Outstanding Bonds at par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) if one o f the Vessels suffers a Total Loss Event.

10.5.2 Partial total loss repayment must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository.

10.5.3

A Total Loss Prepayment shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders as soon as possible. The Issuer shall further notify the Bond Trustee at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Total Loss Prepayment.

10.5.4

On the settlement date o f the Total Loss Prepayment, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.5 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

11. PAYMENTS
11.1 Covenant to pay 11.1.1 The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance
Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 11.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 20 o f48

11.2 11.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause n.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

11.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.3.

11.2.3

In case o f irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.2.1 or 11.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

11.2.4 Subject to Clause 11.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 11.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause n.1.1.

11.3 11.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

11.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall he payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause n.3 within five (5) Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

11.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.4 Set-off and counterclaims
No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.
11.5 Interest in the event of late payment 11.5.1 In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is
not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus five per cent (5.00%) per annum.

2678427_8

ichjodt.no | Page 21 o f 48

11.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 11.5 shall he added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.5.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a) cf. Clauses 15.2 -15.4 .

11.6 Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a)

first, in or towards payment o f any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond

Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b)

secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under

the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority o f any

kind; and

(c)

thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond

Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any land.

12.

ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS

The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13.

COVENANTS

13.1 General
13.1.1 The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 13.

13.2 Information Covenants 13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a)

without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing

of any Event of Default, any event or circumstance which the Issuer

understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any

other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the

Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or

operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c)

without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than

150 days after the end of the financial year;

2678427_8

schjodt.no | Page 22 of 48

(d)

without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them

available on its website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for

publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than

60 days after the end of the relevant interim period;

(e)

at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f)

without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory

notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with

mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g)

if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a

copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h)

if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so,

inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any

changes to such rating;

(i)

without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the

registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j)

within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business,

assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall, in connection with the publication o f its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1 (c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in this Clause 13, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer o f the Issuer (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13-3 13.3.I

General Covenants
Pari passu ranking The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 8.1.

13.3.2

Security
The Issuer shall perform all acts which may be necessary to ensure that the Security Interests remain duly created, enforceable and (other than in respect of the Guarantees) perfected first priority security, at the expense of the Issuer or the relative security provider (as the case may be).

13.3.3

Mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.6y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 2,3 of 48

13.3.4

De-mergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure drat no other Group Company shall, cariy out any de-mei'ger or other corporate reorganization involving a split o f the Issuer or any o f the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.5 13.3.6

Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall not cease to cany on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature o f the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement, other than expansion of its business into related activities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part o f the Group's assets or operations, unless:

(i)

the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions

customary for such transactions; and

(ii)

such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.3.7

Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall not engage, or permit to engage, directly or indirectly, in any transaction with any related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are not less favourable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.

13.3.8 Corporate status The Issuer shall not change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.3.9

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.4 13.4.1

Special covenants
Ownership to the Guarantors The Issuer shall be the sole and beneficial owner o f all shares in the Guarantors for as long as any amount is outstanding hereunder.

26y8427_8
n

schjodt.no | Page 24 of 48

13.4.2

Dividends and other distributions
The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Bond Trustee or, where necessaiy, the bondholders' meeting declare or make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other distributions to its shareholders.

13.4.3

Constitutional documents
The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the bondholders' meeting amend its constitutional documents in such a way which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

13.4.4

The Security Interests
The Issuer shall not without the approval of the Bond Trustee or, where necessary, the bondholders' meeting incur or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance on the Security Interest as defined herein or enter into arrangements having a similar effect.

13.4.5

Financial support
The Issuer shall procure that neither it nor any Group Company grants any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to or on behalf of any third party, except for:

(a)

guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of

business (including guarantees relating to employment and construction of

Vessels);

(b)

the Guarantees and the other Security granted in connection with this Bond

Issue;

(c)

any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance granted for the purpose of

financing of Vessels owned by a Group Company;

(d)

any intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to any of its Subsidiaries; and

(e)

any intercompany loans to the Issuer provided that such intercompany loans

are subordinated in all respects to the Bonds.

13.5 13.5.1

Covenants regarding the Guarantors
Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that the obligations of each Guarantor under any Finance Document to which it is a party shall at all time rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

13.5.2

Continuation o f business
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not cease to cany on its business, and shall ensure that no substantial change is made to the general nature or scope o f the

26y8427_8
o

schjodt.no | Page 25 of 48

business of the Guarantor from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.

13.5.3

Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations (however, for the avoidance of doubt, a disposal o f a Vessel is allowed provided that it is carried out in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions below, provided that the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders will receive full payment of any amounts due to them under the Finance Documents).

13.5.4

Merger
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not de-merge, merge, merge or carry out any other corporate restructuring (including change of jurisdiction).

13.5.5

Contractual arrangements
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not make any other financial or other arrangements concerning its Vessel and its employment other than provided for in the Finance Documents, which is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee.

13.5.6

Nofinancial restrictions
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall not create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or encumbrance) restricting the right of the Guarantor to:

(i)

pay any financial indebtedness to the Issuer, or make any loans to the Issuer;

(ii)

transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided herein; or

(iii) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders,

13.5.7

Information covenants
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall prepare unconsolidated and consolidated (if applicable) annual audited and semi-annual interim unaudited reports written in English and make such reports available on their website(s) or the Issuer's website (in addition to sending them to the Bond Trustee as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant interim period.

The Bond Trustee may and shall upon request distribute the reports above to the bondholders and any relevant party requesting such report, provided that the Bond Trustee is provided coverage by the bondholders for any costs incurred (unless covered by the Issuer).

267&427_8

schjodt.no [ Page 26 of 48

13.5.8

Financial support
The Issuer shall procure that no Guarantor shall grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to or on behalf of any third party or Group Company, except for:

(a)

trade credits in the ordinary course of the Guarantor's business;

(b)

guarantees issued for the benefit of third parties in the ordinary course of the

Guarantor's business (including guarantees relating to employment and

construction of Vessels);

(c)

the Guarantees and the other Security granted in connection with this Bond

Issue; and

(d)

any intercompany loans to the Issuer provided that such intercompany loans

are subordinated in all respects to the Bonds.

13.5.9

Negative pledge
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall grant, create or permit to subsist any security (mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance) over any of its assets or revenues or enter into arrangements having a similar effect with any party except for:

(a)

any security granted as security for the Finance Documents;

(b)

any lien or security arising by operation of law;

(c)

any ship repairer's or outfitter's possessory lien in respect of a Vessel;

(d)

any lien on a Vessel for master's, officer's or crew's wages outstanding in the

ordinary course of its trading which are not overdue;

(e)

any lien on a Vessel for salvage; and

(f)

any contractor or subcontractor's possessoiy lien.

For the avoidance of doubt, security provided in connection with a refinancing of the Bonds (all or nothing) where security must be provided for technical reasons before the Bonds have been redeemed shall be permitted subject to satisfactory documentation being provided to the Bond Trustee evidencing a full and final repayment of the Bonds and subject always to the Bond Trustee's prior consent (not to be unreasonably withheld).

13.5.10

Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall incur or permit to remain outstanding any additional Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) from any party (including any Group Company) other than:

(a)

any Financial Indebtedness arising under the Bond Issue;

(b)

any Intercompany Loan;

(c)

any operational leases of vessel equipment up to an aggregate amount of

2678427_8

schjodt.no | Page 27 o f48

NOK 10,000,000 per Vessel; or

(d)

any recourse claim under any performance guarantee facility with the purpose

to secure performance under any duly executed charter.

For the avoidance of doubt any refinancing of the Bonds (all or nothing) where such Financial Indebtedness arises prior to the redemption of the Bonds for the express purpose of, inter alia, redeeming the Bonds shall be permitted subject to satisfactory documentation being provided to the Bond Trustee evidencing a lull and final repayment of the Bonds and subject always to the Bond Trustee's prior consent (not to be unreasonably withheld).

i3.5.n

Disposal o f business
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its operations (however, for the avoidance of doubt, a disposal of a Vessel is allowed provided that it is carried out in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment provisions below and provided that the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders will receive full payment of any amounts due to them under the Finance Documents).

13.5.12

Arm's length transactions
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

13.5.13

Corporate status
The Issuer shall ensure that no Guarantor shall change its type of organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.

13.5.14

Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall ensure that each Guarantor shall cany on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.

13.6 13.6.1

Financial covenants
Definitions For the purpose of this Bond Agreement: "Book Equity" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total equity treated as equity in accordance with GAAP.

"Excess Value" means the difference (positive or negative) between the book value o f the Vessels or other vessels owned by a Group Company (as the case may be) and their Market Value on the date of such accounts.

"GAAP" means International Financial Reporting Standards or generally accepted accounting principles in Norway, applicable for the Issuer from time to time.

2678427^8 w|X

schjodt.no | Page 28 of 48

"Liquidity" means the aggregate book value of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's combined (i) cash on the Escrow Account, (ii) cash on the Earnings Accounts and (iii) any other freely available and unrestricted (unpledged) cash and cash equivalents.
"Market Adjusted Equity" means the Book Equity plus any financial debt which (i) is fully subordinated to the Bonds, (ii) matures at a date later than the Maturity Date and (iii) pays no cash interest (or other form o f cash compensation), adjusted for Excess Value.
"Market Adjusted Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Market Adjusted Equity to Market Adjusted Total Assets.
"M arket Adjusted Total Assets" means the Total Assets, adjusted for any Excess Value.
"Market Value "means the fair market value of a vessel determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the vessel obtained from two independent and wellreputed sale and purchase brokers familiar with the market for tire vessel appointed by the Issuer and approved by the Bond Trustee. Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer. The valuation shall be made at least semi-annually, or following an Event of Default, upon the request of the Bond Trustee.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value (on a consolidated basis) of the Group's total assets which are treated as assets in accordance with GAAP.

13.6.2

Financial ratios
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the following financial covenants during the term of the Bond:

(i)

Asset Cover Ratio: The combined Market Value of the Vessels shall exceed

120.0% o f the Outstanding Bonds;

(ii) Liquidity: The Issuer shall ensure that it and the Guarantors (in aggregate on a combined basis) at all times maintains Liquidity of minimum NOIC 30,000,000; and

(iii) M arket Adjusted Equity Ratio: The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Group maintains a consolidated Market Adjusted Equity Ratio o f minimum 30.0%.

13.6.3

Testing, reporting and right o f remedy
The financial covenants set out in Clause 13.6.2 above shall be tested on a semi-annual basis in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 13.2.1 (c) and (d). In the event of any breach of (i) and/or (iii) of Clause 13.6.2 above, the Issuer shall immediately give notice to the Bond Trustee, and the Issuer shall have the right to remedy the non-compliance within thirty (30) Business Days after the date of sending such notice or after the date on which such notice should have been sent. Remedy shall be made by providing the required funds through equity or subordinated loans to the Issuer (on terms

7.6T]'&df2r]J&

schjodt.no | Page 29 o f48

acceptable to the Bond Trustee) which shall be deposited (for the required period, which in any event shall not expire prior to the next reporting date of Financial Covenants) on a separate account to be pledged but not blocked to the Bond Trustee and where the account bank has waived its set-off rights. If the Issuer has remedied the non-compliance with (i) and/or (iii) of Clause 13.6.2, above within said thirty (30) Business Days, no Event of Default shall have occurred.

13.7 13.7.1

Vessel covenants
Insurance
The Issuer shall ensure that, at all times during the tenor of the Bonds, the Guarantors will keep each of the Vessels adequately insured with first class insurers in accordance with industry standards, including, but not limited to, Hull and Machinery, Hull Interest, Protection & Indemnity and War Risk, and procure that the Bond Trustee is named as mortgagee and loss payee under the Insurances.

The Issuer shall keep a mortgagee's interest insurance equal to at least no% of the outstanding amount under the Bond Agreement on standard market terms in respect of vessels of this type.

The insurances and loss payable clause shall be in accordance with the Norwegian Marine Insurance Plan or on London terms or at least similar terms.

13.7.2 13.7.3

Class
The Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantors will procure that the Vessels are classified and maintained in the following class: DNV1A1, ICE-C, OILREC, SF, LFL*, COMF-V(3)C(3), Eo, DYNPOS-AUTR, NAUT-OSV(A), CLEAN DESIGN, DK(+), HL(2.8), during the tenor o f the Bonds.
Flag, name and registry
The Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantors will procure that the Vessels are registered in the Norwegian Ordinary Ship Register and shall not cause such registration being forfeited or imperilled. The Issuer shall procure that the Guarantors shall not change flag, name or registry without the consent of the Bond Trustee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld).

13.7.4

Maintenance and repair
The Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantors will keep the Vessels in a good and safe condition and maintained and repaired consistent with prudent ownership and good industiy standards, During operation of the Vessel, the Issuer shall procure that the Guarantors exercise its rights under any Charters that the Vessel is properly maintained according to a pre-agreed planned maintenance system.

13.7.5

Inspection
the Bond Trustee shall have the right to inspect the Vessels or hire a technical advisory to carry out such inspection at the expense of the Issuer if requested, however (unless an

26y8427_8 A.

schjodt.no | Page 30 of 48

13.7.6

Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) limited to one inspection per calendar year.
Compliance with laws The Issuer shall ensure that the Guarantors will procure that the Vessels are in the possession of proper trading certificates and complying with all relevant regulations in the jurisdiction to which the Vessels may trade from time to time.

14.

FEES AND EXPENSES

14.I The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment o f its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration o f the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from the Issuer or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and

14.2 The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

14.3 Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

14.4 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

14.6 If the Issuer is required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(i)

the amount of the payment due from the Issuer shall be increased to such amount

which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is

(after maldng the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have

been due if no withholding had been required; and

(ii) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

26^842^8

schjodt.no | Page 31 of 48

14.7 If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to the settlement date o f the call.

15. EVENTS OP DEFAULT
15.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any o f the following events:

15.1.1

Non-payment
The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five (5) Business Days following the original due date.

15.1.2

Breach o ffinancial covenants
The Issuer or a Guarantor is in breach of the financial covenants set out in Clause 13.6 and has failed to cure such breach within the remedy periods and according to the provisions set out in Clause 13.6. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional remedy period shall apply.

15.1.3

Breach o f other obligations
Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

15.1.4 Cross default If for any Obligor:

(i)

any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally

applicable grace period;

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

(iii) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iv) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described);

always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of NOK 15,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.

26784273

schjodt.no | Page 32, of 48

15.1.5

Material Adverse Effect
Any other event or circumstance occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group as a whole which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.1.6

Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

15.1.7 Insolvency: If for any Obligor:

(i)

it is deemed for the purpose of any law, to be insolvent, or the suspension of

payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution,

administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of

arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets,

15.1.8

Creditors' process
Any Obligor has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets having an aggregate value of USD 10,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) which is not discharges within thirty (30) days,

15.1.9

Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings: Any Obligor is resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of an Obligor.

15.1.10

Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Obligor to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

15.1.11

Litigation
There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or any administrative proceedings against any Obligor which may, if adversely determined, in the

2.6y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 33 o f 48

reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee after consolation with the Issuer, have a Material Adverse Effect.

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take eveiy measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

15-3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued
interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(i)

the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared

from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the

Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(ii) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15,2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses.

15-5 For the avoidance of any doubt, the claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for
payment as a result of an Event o f Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause
10.4.3.

16.

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

16.1 Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting

16.1.x

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion o f the Bonds into other capital classes.

16.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 34 of 48

16.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 17.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

16 .a Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a)

the Issuer;

(b)

Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c)

the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d)

the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation o f each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content o f the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution o f the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and

2678427^8

schjodt.no | Page 35 of 48

at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10

The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11

Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 16.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder o f the Bond and the amount o f Bonds held by such Bondholder.

16.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otheiwise set out in Clause 16.3.5,

16.3.5 A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms o f this Bond Agreement.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to cany out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

26y8427_8

cu-

schjodt.no | Page 36 of 48

16.4 16.4.1

Repeated Bondholders' meeting
If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17

THE BOND TRUSTEE

17.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

17.1.1 The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision o f timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights o f the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms o f this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event o f Default has occurred.

17.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications o f certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 17.1.3 01*17.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

17.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense o f other Bondholders.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 37 of 48

17-1-7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17,1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise o f its powers to other professional parties.

17.1.10

The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

17.2 17.2.1 17.2.2
17.2.3

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.
The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 15.3 or 16.2.1 (b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

17-3 17.3.1 17.3.2
17-3-3

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause r6. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.
The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of tliis Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.
The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms o f this Bond Agreement.

26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 38 of 48

1 7 .4 Appointment of Security Agent 17.4.I The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the

Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their

respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with

respect to the Security.

.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

17.4a

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may he determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion o f the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

17.4.3

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall he documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

17.4.4

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all o f the Security Documents shall he amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf o f the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

18.

MISCELLANEOUS

18.1 The community of Bondholders
By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

(a)

the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b)

the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent;

the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or

other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security,

opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c)

the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement,

access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in

the Securities Depository; and

(d)

this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning

that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

26y 8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 39 of 48

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

18.2 18.2,1

Defeasance

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged

(see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant

Defeasance"):

.

(a)

the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of

the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the

"Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of

principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call

Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or

redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount

agreed between the Parties;

(b)

no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of

establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from

bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any

hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period

for non-Norwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c)

if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a

replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its

Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer

with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the

Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any

other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e)

the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal

opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and

Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal

opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions o f the Security and Covenant

Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and

enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the

Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor

or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors

rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge

a6y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 40 o f48

was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1:

(a)

All Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in

Clause 13, except Clauses 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b)

the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take

any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and

Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond

Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and

perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order

for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee

for the account of the Bondholders;

(c)

any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the

Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as

otherwise agreed;

(d)

any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the

Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such

discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document

from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as

otherwise agreed; and

(e)

all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall

remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

18.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions o f this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders o f all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

18.3
18.4 18.4.1

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.
Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18,1979 No. 18.
Access to information
This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

26y8427_8 0^

schjodt.no | Page 41 of 48

18.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes o f reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

18.5
18.6 18.6.1

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval o f all parties hereto.
Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depositoiy with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter via the Securities Depositoiy, when sent from the Securities

Depositoiy; and

(b)

if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

18.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in wi'iting, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a)

if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b)

if by e-mail, when received; and

(c)

if by fax, when received.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a)

If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall

not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline

relates to, shall be included.

(b)

If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on

the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or

number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a

part o f an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c)

If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is

26y8427_8

schjodt.no [ Page 42 of 48

postponed to the next Business Date.

18.7 18.7.1

Dispute resolution and legal venue
This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

18.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph 18.7.3 below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

18.7.3

Clause 18.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taldng proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, o f which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each. Tccfi/»r»
Position:

2678427^8

Attachment 1 COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 9410 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

schjodt.no | Page 43 o f 48

Dear Sirs,

[date]

TROMS OFFSHORE SUPPLY AS BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2016 - ISIN NO 001067432.8
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall he issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 13.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

All information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

The covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied.

3.

All relevant Security is established in accordance with the Bond Agreement.

4.

In accordance with Clause 13.6.2 of the Bond Agreement:

(a)

The Asset Cover Ratio as of [date] is [·]% of the Outstanding Bonds (the

requirement of the Bond Agreement being more than 120.0% o f the

Outstanding Bonds).

(b)

The Liquidity as of [date] is NOK [«] (the requirement of the Bond Agreement

being minimum NOK 30,000,000),

(c)

The Market Adjusted Equity Ratio as of [date] is [·]% (the requirement o f the

Bond Agreement being minimum 30%),

26y 8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 44 of 48

5.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully, TROMS OFFSHORE SUPPLY AS
Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [Copy of written documentation in support of the computations above]

2.67842y_8

Attachment 2 RELEASE NOTICE - ESCROW ACCOUNT

schjodt.no | Page 45 of 48

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 xo E-mail: mail@trustee.no
Dear Sirs,

[date]

TROMS OFFSHORE SUPPLY AS BOND AGREEMENT 2013/2016 - ISIN 0 0 1IX We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [date] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
TROMS OFFSHORE SUPPLY AS

Name o f authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

2678427J?

schjodt.no | Page 46 of 48
Attachment 3 FORM OF ON DEMAND GUARANTEE
(Pakravsgaranti)
This guarantee (the "Guarantee") is given on this [ ·] * day ofApril, 2013 by
[NAME GUARANTOR], Norwegian registration number [·] (the "Guarantor")
in favour of
NORSK TILLITSMANN ASA, Norwegian registration number 963 342 624, acting as security agent for the Secured Parties (as defined below) (the "Security Agent")
WHEREAS:-
(B) Pursuant to the terms of a bond loan agreement dated [·] 2013 (the "Bond Agreement") and entered into between Troms Offshore Supply AS, Norwegian registration number 995 541467, as issuer (the "Issuer") and the Security Agent as security agent and bond trustee on behalf of the bondholders, the Issuer has issued a bond loan in the principal amount of NOK 500,000,000 (the "Bond Issue").
(C) The Issuer is the registered holder and beneficial owner of all shares in the Guarantor. (D) It is a condition precedent under the Bond Agreement that the Guarantor gives this
Guarantee in favour of the Security Agent on behalf of itself and all present and future bondholders in the Bond Issue (together the "Secured Parties") as security for the Bond Issue together with all unpaid interest, default interest charges, fees, commissions, costs, expenses and any derived liabilities from time to time whatsoever in connection therewith (together the "Secured Obligations").
NOW THEREFORE:
We, the Guarantor, as primaiy obligor and not as surety only, hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee, on first demand, for the performance on the due date or dates of all o f the Secured Obligations.
The maximum amount secured hereunder is NOK 500,000,000 (NOK Five Hundred Million only) plus all accrued but unpaid interest, default interest charges, fees, commissions, costs, expenses and any derived liabilities from time to time whatsoever in connection with the foregoing. The Security Agent may call on this Guarantee on behalf of the Secured Parties and this Guarantee may be called on multiple times.
If we fail to make payment of any amount due under this Guarantee on demand, we shall pay on demand (i) default interest on such sum (or, as the case may be, the amount thereof for the time being due and unpaid), ("overdue sum") from the due date to the date of actual payment in full
26y8427_8

schjodt.no | Page 47 of 48

calculated by reference to successive interest periods (each of such duration as the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties may from time to time select) at the rate of g % per annum above the interest rate provided for in the Bond Agreement and (ii) all cost, fees and expenses incurred by the Secured Parties in the collection of moneys due to them under this Guarantee.

The Guarantor hereby waives:

(b) any requirement that the Security Agent, following the declaration of an Event of Default, first make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer and/or any other security and/or guarantor in respect of the amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement, before demanding payment or seeldng to enforce this Guarantee;

(c)

any and all defences or objections from any party in or based on underlying relationships,

agreements (hereunder, for the avoidance of doubt, the Bond Agreement) and transactions

whatsoever, hereunder any such relationships, agreements or transactions with any third

party for security or otheiwise;

(d) any right to exercise any rights of subrogation into the rights of the Secured Parties under the Bond Agreement or any security interest, without the prior written consent of the Security Agent until and unless the Secured Parties shall have received all amounts due or to become due to them under the Bond Agreement;

(e)

all of its rights to claim reimbursement from the Issuer for payments made hereunder only

until and unless the Secured Parties shall have received all amounts due or to become due

to them under the Bond Agreement; and

(f)

any and all defences based on any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal

personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of the Issuer or any other

person.

Further, in particular but not limited to the following, the Guarantor hereby agrees and accepts:

(g) that, except as the Security Agent may expressly consent in writing, its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, termination or set-off for any reason;

(h) that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Bond Agreement and any defence made by the Issuer thereunder including other documents pursuant thereto or any other consideration which might constitute a discharge of this Guarantee;

(i)

that the granting of time or any other indulgence to the Issuer shall not discharge its

liabilities under this Guarantee;

(j)

that no alteration, modification, rescission or waiver in respect of the Bond Agreement,

any agreement relating to claims against the Issuer thereunder or any third party

agreement for security or otheiwise, shall affect its obligations under this Guarantee; and

(k)

that if any discharge, release or arrangement (whether in respect of the obligations of the

Issuer and/or any other security provider/guarantor or any security for those obligations or

otheiwise) is made by the Secured Parties in whole or in part on the basis of any payment,

2678427^8

schjodt.no | Page 48 of 48
security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored in insolvency, liquidation, administration or otherwise, without limitation, then the liability o f the Guarantor under this Guarantee will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge, release or arrangement had not occurred. This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. For the benefit of the Secured Parties the Guarantor agrees that the courts of Norway shall have jurisdiction to settle disputes in connection with this Guarantee, and the Guarantor accordingly submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Oslo tingrett. Nothing herein shall limit the right o f the Security Agent to start proceedings against the Guarantor in any other court of competent jurisdiction. [NAME GUARANTOR] Name: Title:
26y8427_8

