 SIN N O 001 0708332
BOND AGREEMENT between
Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S (Issuer) and
Jacob Holm & Sons AG (Parent) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019
#4652321/4

Clause

CONTENTS

1. INTERPRETATION....................................... 2. THE BONDS....... ................. 3. REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY.... ........ 4. PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS ............ 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.................. 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ................................ 7. STATUS OFTHE BONDS AND SECURITY............................ 8. INTEREST................................................... 9. MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION........................... 10. PAYMENTS............................................. 11. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS................ 12. COVENANTS.... ............................... 13. FEES AND EXPENSES....... ........ 14. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.................................... 15. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING ................................................................... 16. THE BOND TRUSTEE........ ........... 17. MISCELLANEOUS....... .............

Page
2 11 12 13 13 16 18 19 20 22 23 23 31 32 35 37 40

#4652321/4

1 (54)

This agreement has been entered into on 3 April 2014 between

(1)

Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S (a company existing under the laws of Denmark with

registration number 28156960) as issuer (the "Issuer"),

(2)

Jacob Holm & Sons AG (a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland with

registration number CHE-109.597.651) as guarantor (the "Parent"); and

(3)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company existing under the laws of Norway with registration

number 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1.

INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions

In this Bond Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Depository.

"Attachment" means the attachments to this Bond Agreement.

"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to it, each as amended from time to time.

"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.

"Bond Reference Rate" means three months STIBOR.

"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set out in Clause 15.

"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

"Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle foreign currency transactions in Oslo and Stockholm.

"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, and adjustment of the Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day {Modified Following Business Day Convention).

"Call Option" shall have the meaning set out in Clause 9.2.

"Change of Control Event" means if (i) any person or group of persons, other than the Family Membres, becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting capital of the Parent or (ii) the Parent cease to control the Issuer 100%.

"Cut-Off Date" means 15 March 2015.

#4652321/4

2 (54)

I

"Decisive Influence" means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in another person:
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other person.
When determining the relevant person's number of voting rights in the other person or the right to elect and remove members of the board of directors, rights held by the parent company of the relevant person and the parent company's Subsidiaries shall be included.
"Defeasance Pledge" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 17.2.
"Escrow Account'' means one or more accounts in the name of the Issuer, pledged and blocked on first priority as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
"Escrow Account Pledge" means the pledge over the Escrow Account, where the bank operating the account has waived any set-off rights.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 14.1.
"Exchange" means (i) a securities exchange or other reputable regulated market, or (ii) Oslo Alternative Bond Market, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Existing Facilities" means the following credit facilities:
(a) The USD 12,000,000 revolving credit facility for Jacob Holm Industries Inc. with Wells Fargo as lender, with maturity May 2015;
(b) The USD 3,294,000 term loan facility for Jacob Holm Industries Inc. with Wells Fargo as lender, with maturity May 2015;
(c) The USD 8,523,000 term loan facility for Jacob Holm Industries Inc. with Wells Fargo as lender, with maturity May 2017;
(d) The USD 8,400,000 term loan facility for Jacob Holm Industries Inc. with Wells Fargo as lender, with maturity December 2019;
(e) The EUR 750,000 revolving credit facility for Jacob Holm France SAS with CIC as lender;
(f) The EUR 780,000 term loan facility for Jacob Holm France SAS with CIC as lender with maturity October 2016;
(g) The EUR 308,333 term loan facility for Jacob Holm France SAS with CIC as lender with maturity December 2016;

#4652321/4

3(54)

fry
L

(h) The EUR 15,000,000 revolving factoring facility for Jacob Holm France SAS with Facto CIC as lender;
(i) The EUR 1,000,000 term loan facility for Jacob Holm France SAS with OSEO as lender with maturity January 2019; and
(j) The EUR 590,000 term loan facility for Jacob Holm France SAS. with CIC as lender with maturity December 2018.
"Face Value" means the denomination of each of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 2.2.
`Family Member" means each of Poul M. Mikkelsen, his wife and any of his children or grandchildren.
"Financial Covenants" means the covenants set out in Clause 12.4 (Financial Covenants).
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 13.2, (iii) the Security Documents (including any notice, acknowledgement and other ancillary documentation relating thereto), (iv) any document executed in relation to the granting of any Security to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents, (v) the Subordination Undertaking and (vi) any other document (whether creating a Security or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other person and designated as a Finance Document by Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialized equivalent;
(c) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument;
(d) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as finance or capital lease;
(e) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); and
(h) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.

#4652321/4

4(54)

"Financial Statements" means the audited unconsolidated and consolidated annual financial statements of the Parent for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.
"First Disbursement" means the initial disbursement from the Escrow Account in the amount of SEK 325,000,000, to be applied as follows:
(a) SEK 100,000,000 for the purpose of financing Line 6;
(b) SEK 125,000,000 for general corporate purposes of the Group (including Permitted Acquisitions and Permitted Capital Expenditure); and
(c) SEK 100,000,000 for the purpose of partly financing the acquisition of TWIG Trading (Switzerland) GmbH, TWIG Trading GmbH and TWIG SAS.
"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Parent is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time.
"Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries.
"Group Company" means any of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
"Guarantee" means an unconditional on-demand guarantee on a joint and several basis from the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including interest, costs and expenses, substantially in the form attached hereto as attachment 3 (Form of Guarantee) (always subject to local law limitation language being included).
"Guarantors" means each of:
(a) The Parent;
(b) Jacob Holm & Sønner A/S (a company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with registration number 13868611);
(c) TWIG Trading (Switzerland) GmbH (a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland with registration number CHE 414.069.425);
(d) TWIG Trading GmbH (a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland with registration number CHE 114.477.171);
(e) JHI BP AG (a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with registration number CHE 481.805.825);
(f) OpCo(s) (if any); and
(g) Acquired Companies (if any),
#4652321/4

and "Guarantor means any one of them.
"Interest Payment Date" means 3 January, 3 April, 3 July and 3 October each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Interim Accounts" means the unaudited unconsolidated and consolidated quarterly financial statements of the Parent for any quarter ending on a Quarter Date, drawn up according to GAAP.
"Intra Group Assignment" means a first priority assignment over all claims under any Intra Group Loan (except for any intra group balances arising and outstanding from time to time in the ordinary course of business of the Group Companies for working capital purposes of the borrower under the Intra Group Loan).
"Intra Group Loan" means an unsecured intra-group loan granted by the Parent, a Subsidiary of the Parent or the Issuer to any member of the Group, such loan to be subordinated to the Bonds in accordance with the Subordination Undertaking.
"Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc." means a company incorporated under the laws of North Carolina, being a wholly owned Subsidiary (directly or indirectly) of the Issuer).
"IP Rights Pledge" means, to the extent permissible under applicable law, the Swiss law first priority pledge agreement over certain of the Parent's IP rights.
"ISIN " means International Securities Identification Number - the identification number of the Bond Issue.
"Issue Date" means 3 April 2014.
"Issuer's Bonds" means any Bonds owned by the Issuer, the Parent, any of the Family Members or person or persons who has Decisive Influence over the Issuer or Parent, any person or persons over whom the Issuer or the Parent has Decisive Influence or any Group Company.
"Line 6" means the production line in the US with expected completion during 2nd Quarter of 2015.
"Manager" means the manager(s) for the Bond Issue, ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA.
"Margin" means five point twenty-five per cent. (5.25%) per annum.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer, any Guarantor or the Group (taken as a whole), (b) the Issuer's or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents] or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"Maturity Date" means 3 April 2019. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.

#4652321/4

6(54)

"Obligor" means the Issuer and any Guarantor.
"Opeo(s)" means any Subsidiaries to be established for the purpose of implementing a Permitted Acquisition, including but not limited to:
(a) Project TOP Target OPCO (USA) (a company to be incorporated under the laws of Tennessee;
(b) Project TOP Target OPCO (Europe) (a company to be incorporated under the laws of Spain);
(c) Project TOP Target Sales NewCo (Singapore) (a company to be incorporated under the laws of Singapore).
"Outstanding Bonds" means the Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged,
"Parallel Debt" has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 16.5.
"Party" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees),
"Paying Agent" means the legal entity appointed by the Issuer to acts as its paying agent in the Securities Registry with respect to the Bonds.
"Payment Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest under this Bond Agreement,
"Permitted Acquisition" means an acquisition by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors of assets constituting a business or a company or shares in a company (the "Acquired Company") but only if:
(a) no Event of Default is continuing on the closing date for the acquisition or will occur as a result of the acquisition;
(b) the Acquired Company is not registered or incorporated in a jurisdiction which is the subject of sanctions or measures imposed by the Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) or the European Union (EU);
(c) the Acquired Company is engaged in the same line or similar line of business as the Issuer or any member of the Group;
(d) the Issuer is and immediately after the acquisition will be in compliance with the pro forma Financial Covenants (post the Permitted Acquistion) relating to Leverage Ratio and Interest Cover Ratio according to the principles described under "Calculation of Financial Covenants"; and
(e) the Acquired Company becomes a Guarantor to the extent legally permissible and practical.
"Permitted Capital Expenditure" means any expenditure or obligation in respect of expenditure (including Line 6) financed out of the proceeds from the Bond Issue and which

#4652321/4

7(54)

in accordance with generally acceptable accounting principles of the Group is treated as capital expenditure and only taking into account the actual cash payment made where assets are replaced and part of the purchase price is paid by way of exchange but only if:
(a) no Event of Default is continuing on the date the investment is made or will occur as a result of the investment;
(b) the asset acquired or improved by the investment is or will be held by any member of the Group;
(c) the asset acquired or improved by the investment will be within the same line or similar line of business conducted by the Issuer or any member of the Group; and
(d) the Issuer is and immediately after the capital expenditure will be in compliance with the pro forma Financial Covenants (post the Permitted Capital Expenditure) relating to Leverage Ratio and Interest Cover Ratio according to the principles described in Clause 12.4 (Financial Covenants).
"Permitted Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) the Bond Issue;
(b) any Intra Group Loan;
(c) Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Existing Facilities;
(d) Financial Indebtedness incurred or to be incurred, in connection with Line 6, by Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc. under a new USD 41 million Senior Secured Term Credit Facilities and USD 5 million Senior Revolving Credit Facilities;
(e) Financial Indebtedness incurred by any member of the Group under operational credit facilities with commercial banks in the ordinary course of business of USD 2 million per Group Company which, on a consolidated basis together with its Subsidiaries, has revenues, gross assets or EBITDA which represents five (5) per cent or more of the consolidated revenues, gross assets or EBITDA of the Group; and
(f) Financial Indebtedness provided by commercial banks with the purpose of refinancing the Financial Indebtedness outstanding under the Existing Facilities from time to time (and with no additional security other than the security currently provided for the Existing Facilities being provided).
"Permitted Payment" means:
(a) a payment of fees and expenses for services rendered to the Issuer or another member of the Group by PMM Holding or owners or employees or companies affiliated with PMM Holding in connection with an acquisition, an investment and/or another project; and
(b) a payment of a management and monitoring fee to PMM Holding or owners or employees or companies affiliated with PMM Holding in the amounts and on the terms and conditions set out in the management agreement entered into between the Issuer and the PMM Holding,

#4652321/4

8(54)

in an aggregate of maximum 1% p.a. of the amount of Outstanding Bonds (less any amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account), any such payment obligation to be reasonably and properly incurred on arm's length terms.
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any reorganisation within the Group provided that the Security position remains substantially similar to what has been originally approved by the Bond Trustee.
"PMM Holding" means PMM Holding (Luxembourg) AG, a company incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with registration number R.C.S Luxembourg B 160473.
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Restricted Subsidiary" means Project TOP Target Sales NewCo (Japan) (a wholly owned Subsidiary (directly or indirectly) of the Issuer, to be incorporated under the laws of Japan) after the date of this Agreement.
"Securities Depository" means the securities depository in which the Bond Issue is registered, being Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) in Norway.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee in its capacity as security agent and/or security trustee pursuant to Clause 16.4.
"Security" means any encumbrance, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security and Covenant Defeasance" shall have the meaning given to it in Clause 17.2.
"Security Documents" means, collectively, all the documents evidencing, creating or granting the Security Interests.
"Security Interests" means the security interests created under:
(a) the Share Pledges;
(b) the Escrow Account Pledge;
(c) the Intra Group Assignments;
(d) the Guarantees; and
(e) the IP Rights Pledge.
"Share Pledge(s)" means the first priority share pledges over all current and future shares (to the extent permissible under applicable law) in each of the Guarantors and:
(a) the Issuer;
(b) Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc.;

#4652321/4

9(54)

(c) Jacob Holm Industries (France) SAS (a company incorporated under the laws of France with registration number Colmar B 394 736 649); and

(d) TWIG SAS (a company incorporated under the laws of France with registration number Colmar Tl 507 946 036 - 2011 B65).

"Stamdata" means the web site www.stamdata.no, maintained by the Bond Trustee.

"STIBOR" (a) is published on NASDAQ OMX's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. In the event that such page is not available, has been removed or changed such that the quoted interest rate no longer represents, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a correct expression of the relevant interest rate, an alternative page or other electronic source which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer gives the same interest rate shall be used. If this is not possible, the Bond Trustee shall calculate the relevant interest rate based on comparable quotes from major banks in Stockholm. If any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"Subordination Undertaking" means an undertaking issued by the Obligors, and to which any Group Company that is or becomes a lender pursuant to an Intra Group Loan shall accede, according to which these companies acknowledge and agree that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing all intra group receivables shall be subordinated to the claims of the Bondholders (with no service of principal or interest for the term of the Bonds or if earlier the point in time where all indebtedness outstanding under the Bonds has been repaid) and granting the Bondholders a right of cancellation, which can be exercised by the Bond Trustee.

"Subsidiary" means a company over which another company has Decisive Influence.

"Tap Issue" means subsequent issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2.

"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

"USD" means US Dollars, being the legal currency of the United States of America.

"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.

1.2

Construction

In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) headings are for ease of reference only;

(b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa;

(c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement;

(d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein;

(e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority

#4652321/4

10 (54)

pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation;

(f) an Event of Default is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived; and

(g) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or any association, trust, joint venture, consortium or partnership (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2. 2.1 2.1.1

THE BONDS
Binding nature of this Bond Agreement By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the Securities Depository, the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 17.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds. A copy of this Bond Agreement may be published on Stamdata or such other venues as decided by the Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Bonds

The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of SEK 650,000,000 (Swedish kroner 650,000,000). The Bond Issue may comprise one or more tranches issued on different issue dates. The first tranche will be in the amount of SEK 650,000,000 (Swedish kroner six hundred fifty million).

The Face Value is SEK 100,000. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S Senior Secured Callable Bond Issue 2014/2019".

The ISIN of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 0708332.

The tenor of the Bonds is from andincluding the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 2.3.1

Purpose and utilization
First Utilisation, Permitted Acquisitions andPermitted Capital Expenditure The net proceeds from the Bonds, (net of fees and costs including legal costs of the Manager, Bond Trustee and Issuer and any other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Bond Issue, Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted Capital Expenditure) shall be used as follows:

(a) SEK 100,000,000 for the purpose of financing L|ne 6;

(b) SEK 125,000,000 for general corporate purposes of the Group (including Permitted Acquisitions and Permitted Capital Expenditure);

(c) SEK 325,000,000 for part financing of one or more Permitted Acquisitions or Permitted Capital Expenditure; and

#4652321/4

11 (54)

(d) SEK 100,000,000 for the purpose of partly financing the acquisition of TWIG Trading (Switzerland) GmbH, TWIG Trading GmbH and TWIG SAS,

2.3.2

Tap Issues
The net proceeds of any subsequent Tap Issues (net of fees and legal costs of the Manager and the Bond Trustee and any other costs and expenses incurred by the Manager or Bond Trustee in connection with the Bond Issue or the Transaction) shall be used toward financing the future growth of the Group within its business strategy. The net proceeds from such subsequent Tap Issues shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used for Permitted Acquisitions and Permitted Capital Expenditure.

2.4 2.4.1

Tap Issues
Subject to redemption(s) of Bonds according to Clause 10.2.2 or Clause 9.3, the Issuer may issue subsequent tap issues after Issue Date up to the maximum amount described in Clause 2.2. Such Tap Issues shall be settled no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

2.4.2

All Tap Issues will be subject to identical terms in all respects. The rights and obligations of all parties to the Bond Agreement shall also apply for later Tap Issues, th e Bond Trustee will on the issuing of additional Tap Issues make an addendum to the Bond Agreement regulating the conditions for such Tap Issue

2.5

Use of Proceeds outside of Switzerland

No proceeds from the Bonds shall be used, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland, except and to the extent that a written confirmation or tax ruling countersigned by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (Eidgenossische Steuerverwaltung) has been obtained confirming that the intended "use of proceeds in Switzerland" does not result in Swiss withholding tax being triggered.

2.6

Listing

2.7

The Issuer shall apply for listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs within six months after the Issue

Date.

2.8

If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have

been discharged in full.

3.

REGISTRATION IN THE SECURITIES DEPOSITORY

3.1

The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities

Depository according to the Norwegian Securities Depository Act (Act 2002/64) and the

terms and conditions of the Securities Depository.

3.2

The Issuer shall ensure that correct registration in the Securities Depository is made and

shall notify the Securities Depository of any changes in the terms and conditions of this

Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification. The

registration may be executed by the Paying Agent.

3.3

The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

#4652321/4

12 (54)
t

4.

PURCHASE AND TRANSFER OF BONDS

4.1

Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds,

as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject

(due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing

business), Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and

regulations at its own cost and expense.

4.2

Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in breach of

applicable mandatory restrictions may nevertheless utilize its rights (including, but not

limited to, voting rights) under this Bond Agreement.

5.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

5.1

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Escrow Account will be subject to

the Bond Trustee having received the documents listed below in form and substance

satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:

(a) this Bond Agreement, duly executed by all parties thereto;

(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such Individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Issuer;

(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Obligors;

(e) the Parent's latest Financial Statements and Interim Accounts (if any);

(f) confirmation from the Manager that the requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;

(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;

(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Depository;

(i) the Bond Trustee fee agreement set out in Clause 13.2, duly executed;

(j) copies of any written documentation used in the marketing of the Bonds or made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;

(k) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents); arid

#4652321/4

(1) establishment of the Escrow Account Pledge, duly executed by all parties (including relevant acknowledgement from the bank).

5.2

On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to

Clause 5.8, the Manager shall transfer the net proceeds from the Bond Issue to the Escrow

Account.

5.3

The First Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the

Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory

to it:

(a) A duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement confirming that the funds will be used in accordance with the Purpose and confirmation that no actual or potential Event of Default has occurred and is continuing);

(b) To the extent not already delivered, certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) To the extent not already delivered, a power of attorney from the Obligors to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;

(d) To the extent not already delivered, certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Obligors, evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Obligors;

(e) If applicable, copies of any Intra Group Loan Agreements;

(f) To the extent not already delivered, any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents;

(g) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security; and

(h) any Other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

5.4

Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer for application towards a

Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Capital Expenditure will be subject to the Bond Trustee

having received the documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) A duly executed release notice from the Issuer (including a statement confirming that the funds will be used in accordance with the Purpose and confirmation that no actual or potential Event of Default has occurred and is continuing);

#4652321/4

14 (54)

(b) To the extent not already delivered, certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company) execute the Finance Documents;

(c) To the extent not already delivered, a power of attorney from the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company) to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;

(d) To the extent not already delivered, certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company), evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company);

(e) Duly executed Guarantees from Opcos;

(f) Duly executed Subordination Undertakings from Opcos;

(g) Share Pledges over Opcos duly executed and perfected;

(h) Duly executed Guarantee from the Acquired Company (to the extent applicable);

(i) Share Pledge over the Acquired Company (to the extent applicable) duly executed and perfected;

(j) To the extent not already delivered, any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents;

(k) the Security Documents duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from security providers) and evidence of the establishment and perfection of the Security; and

(l) any other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

5.5

Disbursement of the net proceeds of any Tap Issue to the issuer will be subject to the Bond

Trustee having received the documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it:

(a) Confirmation from the Issuer that no actual or potential Event of Default has occurred and is Continuing);

(b) Certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company) to issue the Tap Issue and execute the Finance Documents;

(c) A power of attorney from the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company) to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation

#4652321/4

15 (54)

evidencing such individuals' authorisation to execute the Finance Documents on behalf of the Obligors;

(d) Certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company), evidencing that it is validly registered and existing and (ii) the Articles of Association of the Obligors (including, to the extent applicable, the Acquired Company);

(e) Duly executed Guarantee from the Acquired Company (to the extent applicable);

(f) Share Pledge over the Acquired Company (to the extent applicable) duly executed and perfected;

(g) Confirmation from the Issuer that the documents earlier received by the Bond Trustee, e.f. Clause 5.1, are still valid, or provides updates of such documents to the Bond Trustee;

(h) Any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee (including any capacity corporate opinions for each Obligor and opinions related to the validity, perfection and enforceability of the Finance Documents; and

(i) any other document or action reasonably requested by the Bond Trustee.

5.6

In the event that the conditions precedent in Clause 5.3 in relation to First Disbursement

have for any reason not been satisfied within 12 May 2014, the funds standing to the credit

of the Escrow Account shall be used by the Issuer in connection with an early repayment of

the Bonds Issuer at a price of 101% of par value together with accrued interest.

5.7

The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for

documentation as set out in Clause 5.1, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.6, or accept delivery of

documentation in relation to a closing memorandum reasonably satisfactory to it in

accordance with ordinary closing mechanisms for similar transactions.

5.8

Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Escrow Account is subject to the Bond Trustee's

written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have

been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.

6.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

6.1

The Issuer and the Parent, on behalf of itself and each of the Guarantors, represents and

warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) Status

It is a limited liability company (in the case of any Guarantor incorporated in Spain a joint stock company {sociedad anonima)), duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority

#4652321/4

16 (54)

It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations
This Bond Agreement and each other Finance Document to which it is a party constitutes (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and applicable law, and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it.
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations
The entry into and performance by it of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets.
(e) No Event of Default
(i) No Event of Default exists or is likely to result from the making of any drawdown under this Bond Agreement or the entry into, the performance of, or any transaction contemplated by, any Finance Document.
(ii) No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes (or with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing, would constitute) a default or termination event (howsoever described) under any other agreement or instrument which is binding on it or any of its Subsidiaries or to which its (or any of its Subsidiaries') assets are subject which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents
All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:
(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party; and
(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement,
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation
#4652321/4

No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Financial Statements

Its most recent Financial Statements and Interim Accounts fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

(i) No Material Adverse Effect

Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in its business, assets or financial condition that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) No misleading information

Any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Bond Issue was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated.

(k) No withholdings

The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.

(l) Pari passu ranking

Its payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 7.1.

(m) Security

No Security exists over any of the present assets of any Group Company in conflict with this Bond Agreement.

6.2

The representations and warranties set out in Clause 6.1 are made on the execution date

of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date, on each

drawdown date from the Escrow Account and on the date of any Tap Issue occurring.

7.

STATUS OF THE BONDS AND SECURITY

7.1

The Bonds shall constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at

least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims

which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general

application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

7.2

The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest, costs and expenses, shall be secured by

the Security Interest.

#4652321/4

18 (54)

I

8.

INTEREST

8.1

The Issuer shall pay interest on the par value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue

Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").

8.2

Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the

first Interest Payment Date falling in July 2014.

8.3

The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and

including, the Issue Date or one Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) to, but

excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.

8.4

The day count fraction ("Floating Rate Day Count Fraction") in respect of the calculation

of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of

days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

8.5

The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by

the Bond Trustee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the

relevant calculation period, based on the Bond Reference Rate two Business Days preceding

that Interest Payment Date.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

8.6

The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated

as follows:

Interest Amount

=

Face

Value

x

Floating

Rate

x

Floating Rate

Day Count Fraction

8.7

By entering into this Bond Agreement, the Parties have assumed in bong fide that the

interest payable hereunder is not and will not become subject to any tax deduction on

account of Swiss withholding taxes. Nevertheless, if a tax deduction is required by law to

be made by the Issuer or any other Obligor in respect of any interest payable by it under

this Agreement and should it be unlawful for the Issuer to comply with Clause 13.6 for any

reason (where this would otherwise be required by the terms of Clause 13.6) then:

(a) the applicable interest rate in relation to that interest payment shall be (x) the interest rate which would have applied to that interest payment (as provided for in Clause 8.1 through to 8.6) in the absence of this paragraph (i), divided by (y) one (1) minus the rate at which the relevant tax deduction is required to be made (where the rate at which the relevant tax deduction is required to be made is for this purpose expressed as a fraction of (1)); and

(b) the Issuer shall be obliged:

(i) to pay the relevant interest at the adjusted rate in accordance with subparagraph (i) above,

(ii) to make the tax deduction on the interest so recalculated, and

#4652321/4

19 (54)

(jii) all references to a rate of interest in connection with the respective payment shall be construed accordingly.

9.

MATURITY OF THE BONDS AND REDEMPTION

9.1

Maturity

The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

9.2 9.2.1

Call Option The Issuer may redeem the Bond Issue in whole or in part (Call Option) from and including:

(a) the Issue Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2017 at a price equal to the sum of:

(i) the present value on the relevant record date of 104% of par value as if such payment originally should have taken place qn the Interest Payment Date in April 2017;

(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) through to and including the Interest Payment Date in April 2017; and

(iii) accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount,

where the present value under both (i) and (ii) above shall be calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish government bonds (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the Interest Payment Date in April 2017) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the Paying Agent, VPS and the Issuer in connection with such repayment;

(b) the Interest Payment Date in April 2017 to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date in April 2018 at a price equal to 104 % of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount), and;

(c) the Interest Payment Date in April 2018 to, but not included, the Maturity Date at a price equal to 102% of par value (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount).

9.2.2

Notwithstanding Clause 9.2.1 above, the Issuer may redeem Bonds of an amount of up to SEK 325,000,000 at any time from and including 15 June 2014 to, but not including the CutOff Date at a price of 102% of par value (plus accrued interest), provided that

(a) closing for a Permitted Acquisition has not occurred or a final purchase order for a Permitted Gapital Expenditure has not been executed (or is expected by the Issuer to close or be executed before the Cut-off Date); and

(b) an amount equal to the amount of the redeemed Bonds has not been disbursed from the Escrow Account.

For the avoidance of doubt, funds on the Escrow Account shall be used to repay the face value only of the Bonds called in accordance with this provision.

#4652321/4

20 (54)

9.2.3

Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

9.2.4 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

9.2.5

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

9.2.6 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 9.2 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

9.3 9.3.1

Mandatory Redemption
If a Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Capital Expenditure has not completed (by using funds on the Escrow Account) within the Cut-off Date, 50% of the Bonds shall be redeemed (Mandatory Redemption) at a price of 102% of par plus accrued interest 10 Business Days following the Cut-Off Date. Funds on the Escrow Account shall be used in connection with such Mandatory Redemption.

9.3.2

On the settlement date of the Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

9.3.3

Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata (in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository).

9.3.4 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 9.3 shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds

9.4 9.4.1

Change of control
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall have the right to require that the Issuer redeems its Bonds (a "Put Option") at a price of 101% of par plus accrued interest.

9.4.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

9.4.3

The Put Option may be exercised by each Bondholder by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the redemption request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be the third Business Day after the end of the two month exercise period of the Put Option.

9.4.4

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 9.4.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

#4652321/4

21 (54)

10. PAYMENTS

10.1 10.1.1

Covenant to pay
The Issuer will on any Payment Date (or any other due date pursuant to any Finance Document) unconditionally pay to or to the order of the Bond Trustee all amounts due under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

10.1.2 The covenant contained in Clause 10.1.1 shall be for the benefit of the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders.

10.2 10.2.1

Payment mechanics
If no specific order is made by the Bond Trustee under Clause 10.1.1, the Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Depository.

10.2.2

Payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 10.3.

10.2.3

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Trustee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 10.2.1 or 10.2.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Depository or Account Managers.

10.2.4 Subject to Clause 10.3, payment by the Issuer in accordance with this Clause 10.2 shall constitute good discharge of its obligations under Clause 10.1.1.

10.3 10.3.1

Currency
If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made at the date of the cash settlement, provided however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer.

10.3.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instruction as set out in Clause 10.3 within five Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholder's account in the Securities Depository.

10.3.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities of a similar nature shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

#4652321/4

22 (54)

10.4

Set-off and counterclaims No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

10.5 10.5.1

Interest in the event of late payment
In the event that any amount due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document is not made on the relevant due date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 8 plus five per cent. (5.00%) per annum.

10.5.2

The interest charged under this Clause 10.5 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

10.5.3

The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 14.1(a), cf. Clauses 14.2 14.4.

10.5.4

For these purposes and in accordance with article 317 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Codigo de Comercio), should the Issuer or any of the Obligors fail to pay any interest due under the Bonds on its due date, such interest shall be capitalised and the amount so capitalised shall accrue default interest in accordance with this Clause 10.5.

10.6

Partial payments
If the Bond Trustee or the Paying Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable under the Finance Documents, that payment shall be applied in the following order:

(a) first, in or towards payment of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment of any accrued interest due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind; and

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment of any principal due but unpaid under the Bond Agreement, pro rata and without any preference or priority of any kind.

11. ISSUER'S ACQUISITION OF BONDS
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's holding of Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

12. COVENANTS

12.1
12.1.1

General
The Issuer undertakes from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, to the Bond Trustee, as further set out in this Clause 12.

12.2 Information Covenants 12.2.1 The Issuer and the Parent (as the case may be) shall:

#4652321/4

(a) without being requested to do so, promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing of any Event of Default* any event or circumstance which the Issuer understands or ought to understand may lead to an Event of Default and any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing if the Issuer agrees to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(c) without being requested to do so, prepare Financial Statements and make them available on the Issuer's website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication at Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year;

(d) without being requested to do so, prepare Interim Accounts and make them available on the Issuer's website in the English language (alternatively by arranging for publication on Stamdata) as soon as they become available, and not later than 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) if the Bonds are listed on an Exchange, without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the Exchange;

(h) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of its and/or the rating of the Bond Issue, and any changes to such rating;

(i) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository; and

(j) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

12.2.2

The Parent shall in connection with the publication of its financial reports under Clause 12.2.1(c) and (d), confirm to the Bond Trustee in writing the compliance with the covenants in this Clause 12, unless the Bond Trustee explicitly waives such requirement. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer and the Parent (a "Compliance Certificate"). In the event of non-compliance, the Compliance Certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

12.3

General Covenants (a) Pari passu ranking

#4652321/4

The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall at all time rank at least pari passu as set out in Clause 7.1.
(b) Mergers
Save for any Permitted Reorganisation, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganization involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Parent or any of the Subsidiaries with any other companies or entities if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers
Save for any Permitted Reorganisation, the Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving a split of the Parent or any of the Subsidiaries into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation of business
The Issuer and the Parent shall not cease to carry on its business. Further, the Parent shall ensure that no other Group Company shall (other than as permitted under the Bond Agreement), cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, and/or as set out in this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal of business
Save for any Permitted Reorganisation, the Parent shall (i) not sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, and (ii) ensure that no other Group Company shall, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that Subsidiary's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and further provided that such transaction does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Arm's length transactions
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
(g) Corporate status
The Parent shall not change its type of legal organization or jurisdiction of incorporation to a jurisdiction outside of the EU or Switzerland. The Issuer shall not change of its type of legal organization or jurisdiction of incorporation.
(h) Compliance with laws
The Parent shall, and shall ensure that all other Group Companies shall, carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material

#4652321/4

25 (54)

aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time.
(i) Negative pledge
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company (except for Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc. and its Subsidiaries) shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future respective assets or revenues, other than:
(i) Security granted (or to be granted) to secure the Bond Issue;
(ii) Security granted by Jacob Holm Industries (America) Inc., Jacob Holm & Sønner A/S and Jacob Holm Industries (France) SAS and currently in place to secure Permitted Financial Indebtedness (except the Intra-Group Loans), unless otherwise provided in the definition of Permitted Financial Indebtedness, provided that no Security may be created over any asset being subject to Security Interest; and
(iii) any lien or right of set off arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business.
0) Financial indebtedness restriction
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company shall, incur, create or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
(k) Financial Support
The Parent shall not, and shall ensure that no Group Company shall, grant any loan, guarantee or other financial assistance (including, but not limited to, granting of security) to any third party, other than (i) in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in connection with any Permitted Financial Indebtedness.
(i) Existing Facilities
The Parent shall ensure that no material amendments are made to the Existing Facilities (and no amendments shall be made to the scheduled amortisations of the Existing Facilities).
(m) Restricted Subsidiaries
No Intra-Group Loan, save for maximum USD 500,000 as a credit line for lease of premises and employee obligations etc., shall be granted to the Restricted Subsidiary and the Restricted Subsidiary shall not change the nature of its business.
(n) Dividends
(i) Up until 1 January 2016, the Parent shall not declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (including, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Parent), or other distributions or transactions

#4652321/4

26 (54)

implying a transfer of value to its shareholders, except for Permitted Payments.

(ii) From and including 1 January 2016, the Parent may declare and pay dividends or make similar distributions to its shareholders provided that:

(A) no Event of Default is continuing on the date the distribution is resolved or made or will occur as a result thereof: and

(B) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA of the Group shall not exceed 3.Ox on the date the distribution is made or as a result of the distribution being made.

(iii) The Parent shall procure that no Group Company shall declare or make any capital distributions to any company other than the Parent, the Issuer or another Guarantor, purchases any shares issued by the Issuer (including but not limited to total return swaps involving any shares issued by any party) or make any other arrangement with similar effect.

(o) Cash flow restrictions

The Parent shall procure that rto restrictions other than restrictions mandatorily set by law shall exist on the ability of any Group Company (other than the Issuer and the Parent) to pay dividend, make other distributions or otherwise stream cash to the Parent, except for such restrictions included in the terms and conditions for Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

(p) Intra-Group Loans

The Parent shall procure that any Intra-Group Loan entered into is immediately subject to an Intra Group Assignment (to the extent it is required pursuant to the definition of Intra Group Assignment).

12.4

Financial covenants (a) Leverage Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains the Leverage Ratio, as measured on any date falling:

(i) from and including the Issue Date to and including the 4th quarter in 2015, of not more than 6.0:1.0;

(ii) from and including, the 1st quarter in 2016 to but not including the 3rd quarter in 2016, of not more than 5.00:1.0; and

(iii) from and including, the 3rd quarter in 2016 to but not including the 2nd quarter in 2017, of not more than 4.00:1.0; and

(iv) from and including the 2nd quarter in 2017, and until the Maturity Date, of not more than 3.0:1.0.

04652321/4

27 (54)

(b) Interest Coyer Ratio
The Issuer shall ensure that the Group (on a consolidated basis) maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio, as measured on any date falling:
(i) from and including the Issue Date to and including the 4th quarter in 2015, of minimum 2.25:1.0;
(ii) from and including, the 1st quarter in 2016 to but not including the 3rd quarter in 2016, of minimum 2.75:1.0; and
(iii) from and including, the 3rd quarter in 2016 to but not including the 2nd quarter in 2017, of minimum 4.00:1.0; and
(iv) from and including the 2nd quarter in 2017, and until the Maturity Date, of minimum 5.0:1.0.
(c) Minimum Liquidity
The Issuer shall procure that the Liquidity of the Group will not fall below USD 5 million at any time.
(d) Financial covenants definitions
For the purpose of the Financial Covenants included herein, the following definitions shall apply:
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges
"Liquidity" means the sum of any (i) amount available to the Group under any committed credit facility which has not been utilized or cancelled and (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, at any time, (i) cash at hand or on deposit with a reputable bank; (ii) certificates of deposit or marketable debt securities maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation issued by a reputable bank;(iii) certificates and bonds which have a debt rating of at least BBB- by Standard Et Poor's Rating Agencies or at least Baa3 by Moody's Investor Services) and (iiii) certificates and bonds approved by the Bond Trustee; in each case to which any member of the Group is beneficially entitled at that time and has free and unrestricted access and which is not subject to any Security. A reputable bank for this purpose is a commercial bank or trust company which has a short term debt rating of at least A1 by Standard fit Poor's Rating Agencies or at least P-1 by Moody's Investor Services.
"Finance Charges" means for any relevant period the aggregate amount of interest, fees and other finance payments in respect of (i) financial indebtedness payable by any member of the Group on a consolidated basis (excluding any upfront or other one off fees payable in connection with the issuance of the Bonds) and (ii) bank deposits, and all bonds and other securities held by the Group from time to time.

#4652321/4

(a ,
28 (54)

"Net Finance Charges" means, for any relevant period, the Finance Charges according to the latest quarterly statement, after deducting any interest payable for that relevant period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to Cash or Cash Equivalents (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalized on Intra Group Loans).
"Interest Bearing Debt" means on a consolidated basis (i) the aggregate amount of all interest bearing obligations (including financial lease obligations which according to GAAP shall be treated as debt and obligations arising under earn out and deferred payments for acquisitions and excluding current and future lease obligations which as of the date hereof are treated as non-financial lease obligations).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means Interest Bearing Debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents.
"EBITDA" means, on a consolidated basis of the Group, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
(e) Calculation of Financial Covenants - general
The Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be calculated on a rolling 12 months basis.
The Financial Covenants Will apply for the Group (on a consolidated basis) at any time and compliance shall be measured on each Quarter Date by reference to each annual financial statement and quarterly financial statement and certified by the Parent On the respective reporting date in a compliance certificate to be delivered to the Bond Trustee.
(f) Calculation of Financial Covenants - pro forma calculations
The Financial Covenants shall be calculated to give pro forma effect to any Permitted Acquisitions and Permitted Capital Expenditure as follows:
(i) Calculation of Financial Covenants - Line 6
All debt and interest cost strictly related to Line 6 shall be discharged from the Calculation of Financial Covenants until the earlier of commencement of production on Line 6 or 4th quarter 2015.
EBITDA related to Line 6 shall be annualized from the first quarter with reported EBITDA from Line 6. For the first quarter with reported EBITDA* such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 4. For the first two quarters with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 2. For the first three quarters with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 4/3.
(ii) Calculation of Financial Covenants - Permitted Acquisitions
The Financial Covenants shall be calculated to give pro forma effect to any Permitted Acquisitions by taking into account reasonable cost synergies and cost savings to be achieved by the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of the Permitted Acquisition, provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent advisor, acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and (B)

#4652321/4

29 (54)

the increase in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 10% of the EBITDA for the Group.
For the avoidance of doubt EBITDA for the full testing period of any Acquired Company acquired during the relevant testing period shall be included in the EBITDA calculation for the testing period despite the fact that the Acquired Company has not formed part of the Group for the full testing period.
(iii) Calculation of Financial Covenants - Permitted Capital Expenditure (other than Line 6)
The Financial Covenants shall be calculated to give pro forma effect to any Permitted Capital Expenditure by taking into account reasonable cost synergies and cost savings to be achieved by the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of the Permitted Capital Expenditure, provided that (A) such cost synergies and cost savings have been verified by an independent advisor, acceptable to the Bond Trustee; and (B) the increase in EBITDA based on such adjustments shall in no event exceed 10% of the EBITDA for the Group.
In calculating EBITDA pro forma effect to any Permitted Capital Expenditure in excess of USD 10,000,000 may be given by taking into account the expected increase in EBITDA for the coming 12 months as a result of such Permitted Capital Expenditure, provided that such increase in EBITDA shall be validated by a budget prepared by the Group and acceptable to the Bond Trustee. This adjustment is permitted to remove the difference in the pro forma adjustments made in connection with a Permitted Capital Expenditure and a Permitted Acquisition (where EBITDA of the Acquired Company for the last twelve month is included in the calculation of EBITDA).
In calculating Net Interest Bearing Debt any and all indebtedness obtained by any member of the Group on terms acceptable to the Bond Trustee for the purpose of financing Permitted Capital Expenditure in excess of USD 10,000,000 shall be disregarded up until the first Quarter Date after which the Group is generating EEilTDA as a result of the Permitted Capital Expenditure.
The EBITDA from such Permitted Capital Expenditure shall be annualized based on actual earnings related to such Capital Expenditure. For the first quarter with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 4. For the first two quarters with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 2. For the first three quarters with reported EBITDA, such reported EBITDA shall be multiplied with 4/3.
(iv) Calculation of Financial Covenants - In respect of any disposal of assets or companies
With respect of any disposal of assets, the EBITDA related to such assets or companies shall be deducted from the consolidated EBITDA. Any debt repaid (including interest thereof) in connection with such disposal shall be deducted from the calculation of Financial Covenants.
(g) Financial Covenants cure

# 4652321/4

30 (54)

The Issuer shall not be deemed to be in breach of the Financial Covenants if a New Shareholder Injection is made within 15 Business Days from the earlier of (i) the Parent or the Issuer (as the case may be) becoming aware of the failure to comply with the Financial Covenant and (ii) delivery of a compliance certificate evidencing such failure to comply, always provided that the Financial Covenant would be complied with if tested for the same testing period on the basis that such New Shareholder Injection was deemed to have been made immediately prior to the relevant testing date, for the purpose of calculating (1) the Leverage Ratio, the New Shareholder Injection shall reduce Net Interest Bearing Debt as at the last day of that Relevant Period; (2) the Interest Coverage Ratio the New Shareholder Injection shall reduce Interest Bearing Debt as at the beginning of the Relevant Period with consequential adjustments to Net Finance Charges by reducing the Finance Charges by using the average interest rate for the relevant period and (3); the Liquidity, the New Shareholder Injection shall increase Liquidity as at the relevant Quarter Date

"New Shareholder Injections" means the capital injection into the Issuer or Parent, or Shareholder Loan, fully received by the Issuer or Parent, as the case may be, and registered (if a capital injection), in the aggregate amount paid in.

"Shareholder Loan" means any instrument or agreement evidencing an unsecured and subordinated loan made to the Parent or the Issuer by any direct or indirect shareholder of Parent.

13.

FEES AND EXPENSES

13.1 The Issuer shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it or the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) in connection with this Bond Agreement and the fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, including in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty), the listing of the Bonds on an Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may withhold funds from any escrow account (or similar arrangement) or from other funds received from any Obligor or any other person, irrespective of such funds being subject to Security under a Finance Documents, to set-off and cover any such costs and expenses.

13.2

The fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent) shall be paid by the Issuer and are set out in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee (and/or the Security Agent).

13.3

Fees, costs and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar circumstances, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the proceeds to the Bondholders hereunder of any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee (or the Security Agent) in connection with the restructuring or default of the Bond Issue and the enforcement of any Security.

13.4

Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

#4652321/4

31 (54)

13.5

The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

13.6

If Obligors are required by law to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document:

(a) the amount of the payment due from such Obligor shall be increased to such amount which is necessary to ensure that the Bondholders receive a net amount which is (after making the required withholding) equal to the payment which would have been due if no withholding had been required; and

(b) the Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Trustee deliver to the Bond Trustee evidence that the required tax reduction or withholding has been made.

13.7

If any withholding tax is imposed due to subsequent changes in applicable law after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer shall have the right to call all but not some of the Bonds at par value plus accrued interest. Such call shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least thirty - 30 - Business Days prior to the settlement date of the call.

13.8

In the event the Obligors are required to withhold any withholding tax from any payment under any Finance Document and the Obligor as a result thereof increases the amount paid to ensure the Bondholders receive the amount they are required to receive in accordance with the terms of this Bond Agreement, the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee may assist the Obligor with exercising any right it may have to have such withholding tax repaid, refunded or in any other manner retransferred from the relevant tax authorities.

14.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

14.1 The Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events:

(a) Non-payment

The Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless> in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, it is likely that such payment will be made in full within five Business Days following the original due date.

(b) Breach of other obligations

Any Obligor does not comply with any provision pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, such failure is capable of being remedied and is remedied within ten Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Trustee.

(c) Cross default

If for any Group Company:

(i) any Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period;

04652321/4

32 (54)

(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default {however described);
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
always provided that a threshold in the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) above of a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies, shall apply.
(d) Misrepresentations
Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency
(i) A Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness.
(ii) The value of the assets of any member of the Group is less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities).
(iii) A moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of any member of the Group.
(f) Insolvency proceedings and dissolution
If for any Group Company, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure step is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganization;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or

#4652321/4

33 (54)

(iv) its dissolution,

or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

(g) Creditors' process

Any Group Company has a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any Security over any of its assets.

(h) Impossibility or illegality

It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the terms of any Finance Document to which it is a party.

(i) Material Adverse Change

Any other event or circumstance occurs which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

14.2

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 14.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.

The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

14.3

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 14.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest, costs and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment if:

(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing that a default shall be declared from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or

(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has with simple majority decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.

In either case the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds.

14.4

In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 14.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee may make direct payments to lease providers under any lease facilities to cover any overdue amount in order to prevent termination of such lease facility. Any such payment shall be made in consideration of the assignment by the lease provider of the corresponding claim against the lessee, and shall satisfy any overdue amount under such lease facility in full, without any discount.

14.5

In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 14.2 or 14.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Trustee shall

#4652321/4

34 (54)

immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. The claim derived from the Outstanding Bonds due for payment as a result of an Event of Default shall be calculated at the prices set out in Clause 9.2.

15. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

15.1 15.1.1

Authority of the Bondholders' Meeting
The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds, and has the power to make all decisions on behalf of the Bondholders altering the terms and conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes.

15.1.2

The Bondholders' Meeting cannot resolve that any overdue payment of any instalment shall be reduced unless there is a pro rata reduction of the principal that has not fallen due, but may resolve that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

15.1.3

If a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, such resolution shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting, see however Clause 16.1. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon all Bondholders and prevail for all the Bonds.

15.2 Procedural rules for Bondholders' meetings 15.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the written request of:

(a) the Issuer;

(b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of the Voting Bonds;

(c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed; or

(d) the Bond Trustee.

15.2.2

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Trustee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Trustee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

15.2.3

If the Bond Trustee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within ten Business Days after having received a valid request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

15.2.4

The notice of a Bondholders' Meeting shall be dispatched no later than ten Business Days prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting. The notice and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Depository at the time of distribution. The notice shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication if the Bonds are listed.

15.2.5 The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee may in the summons also set out other matters on the agenda than those requested. If

#4652321/4

35 (54)

amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

15.2.6

The Bond Trustee may restrict the Issuer from making any changes in the number of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

15.2.7

Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rules for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

15.2.8

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Trustee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Trustee. If the Bond Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

15.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders and Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

15.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed - representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

15.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

15.3 15.3.1

Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings
At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance With the records registered in the Securities Depository. The Bond Trustee may, at its sole discretion, accept other evidence of ownership. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

For this purpose, a Bondholder that has a Bond that is nominee registered shall be deemed as the Bondholder of such Bond (instead of the nominee) provided that the Bondholder presents relevant evidence stating that the relevant Bondholder is the Bondholder of the Bond and the amount of Bonds held by such Bondholder.

15.3.2

In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

#4652321/4

36 (54)

15.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 15.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

15.3.4 Resolutions shad be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set out in Clause 15.3.5.

15.3.5

A majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of this Bond Agreement, except for any waiver of Financial Covenants which shall be subject to a simple majority of the Voting Bonds.

15.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

15.3.7

The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented, however, the Bond Trustee may refuse to carry out resolutions being in conflict with this Bond Agreement (or any other Finance Document) or any applicable law.

15.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

15.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

15.4.1

|f the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 15.3,3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

15.4.2 A valid resolution may be passed at a repeated Bondholders' meeting even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

16. THE BOND TRUSTEE

16.1 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee

16.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set out in this Bond Agreement.

16.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step it in its sole discretion considers necessary or advisable to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement and is entitled to rely on advice from professional advisors. The Bond Trustee may in its sole discretion postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Trustee is not obliged to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred and until it has actual knowledge or

#4652321/4

express notice to the contrary the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

16.1.3

The Bond Trustee may make decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to this Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not materially and adversely affect the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

16.1.4

The Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 16.1.3 provided that prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Trustee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submits a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

16.1.5

The Bond Trustee may reach other decisions than set out in Clauses 16.1.3 or 16.1.4 to amend or rectify decisions which due to spelling errors, calculation mistakes, misunderstandings or other obvious errors do not have the intended meaning.

16.1.6 The Bond Trustee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 16.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

16.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 15.3.5.

16.1.9

The Bond Trustee may act as bond trustee and/or security agent for several bond issues relating to the Issuer notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.

16.1.10 The Bond Trustee may instruct the Paying Agent to split the Bonds to a lower denomination in order to facilitate partial redemptions or restructuring of the Bonds or other situations.

16.2 16.2.1

Liability and indemnity
The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of gross negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set out in this Bond Agreement. Such liability is limited to the maximum amount set out in Clause 2.2. The Bond Trustee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

16.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Trustee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Trustee's

# 4652321/4

38 (54)

actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.

16.2.3

The Bond Trustee can as a condition for carrying out an instruction from the Bondholders (including, but not limited to, instructions set out in Clause 14.3(a) or 15.2.1(b), require satisfactory security and indemnities for any possible liability and anticipated costs and expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that instruction and/or those who voted in favour of the decision to instruct the Bond Trustee. Any instructions from the Bondholders may be put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting by the Bond Trustee before the Bond Trustee takes any action.

16.3 16.3.1

Change of Bond Trustee
Change of Bond Trustee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set out in Clause 15. The Bond Trustee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond trustee until such time that a new Bond Trustee is elected.

16.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 13, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach by the Bond Trustee of its duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

16.3.3

The Bond Trustee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set out under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

16.4 Appointment of Security Agent 16.4.1 The Bond Trustee is appointed to act as Security Agent for the Bond Issue.

The main functions of the Security Agent may include holding Security on behalf of the Bondholders and monitoring compliance by the Issuer and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under this Bond Agreement and/or the Security Documents with respect to the Security. In relation to Swiss law governed Security Documents which provide for a Security Interest of an accessory nature, the Security Agent is also authorized to act as direct representative in the name and for the account of the Bondholders, all as provided for in the relevant Security Documents.

Before the appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Issuer shall be given the opportunity to state its views on the proposed Security Agent, but the final decision as to appointment shall lie exclusively with the Bond Trustee.

16.4.2

The functions, rights and obligations of the Security Agent may be determined by a Security Agent agreement to be entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Security Agent, which the Bond Trustee shall have the right to require each Obligor and any other parties to any Security Document to sign as a party, or, at the discretion of the Bond Trustee, to acknowledge. The Bond Trustee shall at all times retain the right to instruct the Security Agent in all matters.

Any changes to this Bond Agreement necessary or appropriate in connection with the appointment of a Security Agent shall be documented in an amendment to this Bond Agreement, signed by the Bond Trustee.

#4652321/4

39 (54)

16.4.3

If so desired by the Bond Trustee, any or all of the Security Documents shall be amended, assigned or re-issued, so that the Security Agent is the holder of the relevant Security (on behalf of the Bondholders). The costs incurred in connection with such amendment, assignment or re-issue shall be for the account of the Issuer.

16.5 Parallel debt

16.5.1

The Issuer hereby undertakes with the Bond Trustee to pay the Bond Trustee, as a creditor in its own right and not as a representative of the Bondholders, amounts equal to and in the currency of the amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the obligations of the Issuer hereunder and under the other Finance Documents, as they may exist from time to time as and when the same become due in accordance with the terms of any of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (Finance Documents Obligations), and that the Bond Trustee will have its own independent right to demand payment, repayment, discharge or performance by the Issuer of any such Finance Documents Obligation owed by it. The payment undertaking of the Issuer to the Bond Trustee under this paragraph 16.5 is hereinafter referred to as Parallel Debt.

16.5.2 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee acknowledge that:

(a) each Parallel Debt constitutes an undertaking, obligation and liability of the Issuer, to the Bond Trustee which is separate and independent from, and without prejudice to, the Finance Documents Obligations; and

(b) each Parallel Debt represents the Bond Trustee's own separate and independent claim to receive payment of such Parallel Debt from the Issuer,

it being understood, in each case, that pursuant to this paragraph 16.5, the amount which may become payable by the Issuer as the Parallel Debt shall never exceed the total amounts which are payable under or in connection with the Finance Documents Obligations.

16.5.3

Any amount recovered by the Bond Trustee in payment of a Parallel Debt shall be applied in accordance with the terms of this Bond Agreement. Any payment, repayment, discharge or performance of any Finance Document Obligation shall, to that extent, satisfy the corresponding Parallel Debt and any payment, repayment, discharge or performance of a Parallel Debt to the Bond Trustee shall, to that extent, satisfy the corresponding Finance Document Obligation.

16.5.4

In the event of the appointment of a new Bond Trustee or a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee shall assign to such successor Bond Trustee or such Security Agent the obligations owed or to be owed to it pursuant to this paragraph 16.5. Any resignation by the Bond Trustee or any such appointment of a Security Agent other than the Bond Trustee is not effective with respect to its rights under the Parallel Debt until such rights are so assigned to the successor Bond Trustee or appointed Security Agent.

17. 17.1

MISCELLANEOUS
The community of Bondholders By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:

#4652321/4

40(54)

(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement;

(b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent; the Bondholders, in all matters, included but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement of the Bond Issue and/or any Security, opening of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings;

(c) the Bond Trustee has, in order to manage the terms of this Bond Agreement, access to the Securities Depository to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Depository; and

(d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that:

(i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other;

(ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Issuer and .may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from this Bond Agreement;

(iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders;

(iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community; and

(v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.

17.2 17.2.1

Defeasance
The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 17.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Security and Covenant Defeasance"):

(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government bonds accepted by the Bond Trustee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise of a Call Option) arid interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option) or any other amount agreed between the Parties;

(b) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time during any hardening period applicable to the Defeasance Pledge (or the relevant period for nonNorwegian companies) or any other date agreed between the Parties;

(c) if the Bonds are secured, the Defeasance Pledge shall be considered as a replacement of the Security established prior to the Defeasance Pledge;

(d) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with

#4652321/4

41 (54)

the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others; and

(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required by the Bond Trustee regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge, including any certificate or legal opinion on (i) the compliance of the conditions of the Security and Covenant Defeasance, (ii) that the Defeasance Pledge constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable Security in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders which will not be subject to any rights of creditors of each Obligor or any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditor's rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer, (iii) any relevant tax issues concerning the Bondholders, (iv) any valuation of any assets or (vii) any other certificate or opinion regarding the Security and Covenant Defeasance or the Defeasance Pledge.

17.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 17.2.1:

(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 12, except Clauses 12.2.1(a), (e), (h), (i) and (j), or as otherwise agreed;

(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security created by this Security and Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Security to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect, or as otherwise agreed;

(d) any Security other than the Defeasance Pledge shall be discharged, and the Bond Trustee shall take all steps reasonably possible for it to cause such discharge to be effected, by way of deletion of the relevant Security Document from the relevant register, notice to third parties or as otherwise required, or as otherwise agreed; and

(e) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications, or as otherwise agreed.

17.2.3

All amounts owed by the Issuer hereunder covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, against payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

#4652321/4

17.3

Limitation of claims
All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

17.4 Access to information

17.4.1

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Bond Trustee shall not have any obligation to distribute any other information to the Bondholders or others than explicitly stated in this Bond Agreement. The Issuer shall ensure that a copy of this Bond Agreement is available to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

17.4.2

The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Depository for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Depository.

17.5

Amendments
All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

17.6 17.6.1

Notices, contact information
Written notices, warnings, summons etc. to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Depository with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at Stamdata only. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter via the Securities Depository, when sent from the Securities Depository; and

(b) if by publication on Stamdata, when publicly available.

17.6.2

The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Depository with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

17.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, e-mail or fax. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party;

(b) if by e-mail, when received; and

(c) if by fax, when received.

17.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

#4652321/4

43 (54)

17.6.5 When determining deadlines set out in this Bond Agreement, the following shall apply (unless otherwise stated):

(a) If the deadline is set out in days, the first day when the deadline is in force shall not be inclusive, however, the meeting day or the occurrence the deadline relates to, shall be included.

(b) If the deadline is set out in weeks, months or years, the deadline shall end on the day in the last week or the last month which, according to its name or number, corresponds to the first day the deadline is in force. If such day is not a part of an actual month, the deadline shall be the last day of such month.

(c) If a deadline ends on a day which is not a Business Day, the deadline is postponed to the next Business Date.

17.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

17.7.1

This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

17.7.2

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall, subject to paragraph c) below, be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

17.7.3

Clause 17.7.2 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Trustee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Trustee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

17.8

Process Agent
The Issuer shall, prior to the Issue Date, nominate a process agent in Norway for the purpose of serving a writ of summons and/or any other act of process in respect of the courts in Norway, or any notices as set out in this Bond Agreement.

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Trustee retain one each.
*****

#4652321/4

44(54)

Issuer:
Name: Title: C e O Bond Trustee:

SIGNATORIES:
The Parent:
By: _ Name: Title:

#4652321/4

45 (54)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway

ATTACHMENT 1 Com pliance Certificate

Fax: +47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

[date]

Dear Sirs,

Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A/S BOND AGREEMENT 2014/2009 - ISIN 001 0708332
We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD].

Capitalised terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in this Bond Agreement.

With reference to Clause 12.2.2 we hereby certify that:

1.

all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which

would have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date

of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.

2.

the covenants set out in Clause 12 are satisfied;

3.

all relevant Security is established in accordance with this Bond Agreement;

4.

the Leverage Ratio of the Group as of [date] is XX ;

5.

the Interest Coverage Ratio of the Group as of [date] is XX; and

6.

the Liquidity of the Group as of [date] is XX.

Copies of our latest consolidated [Financial Statements] / [Interim Accounts] are enclosed.

Yours faithfully,

Jacob Holm & Sønner Holding A /S

Name of authorized person

Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation]
#4652321/4

46 (54)

#4652321/4

>LL
47 (54)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 2 2 8 7 9 4 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no

ATTACHMENT 2 Release N otice - Escrow A ccount

[date]

Dear Sirs,
Jacob Holm 6 Sønner Holding BOND AGREEMENT 201472019  ISIN 001 0708332 We refer to the Bond Agreement for the abovementioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer.
Capitalised terms used herein as defined in this Bond Agreement.
We hereby give you notice that we on [dote] wish to draw an amount of [currency and amount] from the Escrow Account applied pursuant to the purpose set out in the Bond Agreement, and request you to instruct the bank to release the above mentioned amount.
We hereby represent and warrant that (i) no event which constitutes an Event of Default has occurred or is likely to occur, and (ii) we repeat the representations and warranties set out in the Bond Agreement as being still true and accurate at the time hereof.
Yours faithfully,
Jacob Holm a Sønner Holding A/S

Name of authorized person Enclosure: [copy of any written documentation evidencing the use of funds]

#4652321/4

48 (54]

ATTACHMENT 3 Form of G uarantee

THIS ON DEMAND GUARANTEE is granted on [·] by:

(4)

[·], organisation number [·] (the "Guarantor"), in favour of;

(5)

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA, organisation number 963 342 624, as Bond Trustee on behalf of the

Bondholders (the "Bond Trustee")

BACKGROUND:

(A)

Pursuant to a bond agreement d ated ___April 2014 (as amended, restated, modified or

supplemented from time to time) (the "Bond Agreement"), made between Jacob Holm &

Sønner Holding A/S as issuer (the "Issuer") and the Bond Trustee on behalf of the

Bondholders (as defined therein), the Bondholders have made available to the Issuer a bond

loan in the aggregate maximum amount of SEK 650,000,000, subject to the terms and

conditions of the Bond Agreement.

(B)

In connection therewith, the Guarantor has been provided with and reviewed a copy of the

Bond Agreement and has agreed to provide this guarantee which is an independent,

unconditional and irrevocable on demand guarantee {Nw: påkravsgaranti) (the

"Guarantee").

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

18. 18.1

INTERPRETATION Words and expressions defined in the Bond Agreement shall have the same meanings when used in this Guarantee unless the context otherwise requires

19. 19.1

GUARANTEE
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees and agrees to pay, without any set-off or counterclaim whatsoever, on first demand all amounts expressed by the Bond Trustee to be payable under or in connection with the Bond Agreement (as amended from time to time) up to a maximum amount of SEK 812,500,000 or the equivalent amount in any other currency (with the addition of any and all interests, default interests, costs and expenses).

19.2

This Guarantee is an "on demand" guarantee, by its nature independent of the underlying relationship between the parties to the Bond Agreement, and the Guarantor is in no way concerned with or bound by any such relationship. Any payments by the Guarantor under this Guarantee is to be made forthwith upon first demand, without being subject to any defence, objection or similar action based on (and/or arising from) the Bond Agreement or other underlying relationships, agreements and transactions whatsoever (to the extent permitted by law). Reference in this Guarantee to the Bond Agreement is only made for identification purposes.

19.3

A statement in writing by the Bond Trustee setting out the amount due and payable hereunder is binding and conclusive evidence against the Guarantor as to the obligation to pay such amount subject to the maximum amount stated in clause 2.1.

#4652321/4

49 (54)

20. 20.1

CONTINUING SECURITY; MULTIPLE DRAWINGS
This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect from the date hereof and until alt of the liabilities and obligations of the Issuer to the Bond Trustee and the Lenders under the Bond Agreement have been fully satisfied.

20.2

Multiple drawings can be made under this Guarantee subject to the maximum amount stated in clause 2.1.

21. 21.1

WAIVER OF RIGHTS AND DEFENCES
The obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Agreement will be secured to the extent set out in the Bond Agreement. If and to the extent applicable, the provisions of (and/or principles derived from) the Norwegian Financial Contracts Act 1999 (the "FCA") § 62 to and including § 74 shall not apply to this Guarantee.

21.2 The Guarantor may not:

(a) require that the Bond Trustee, following the occurrence of an event of default, first make demand upon or seek to enforce remedies against the Issuer in respect of the amounts outstanding under the Bond Agreement before demanding payment or seeking to enforce this Guarantee;

(b) assert that its liability under this Guarantee has been impacted because of a failure to give notice of any kind whatsoever;

(c) exercise any rights of subrogation into the rights of the Bond Trustee under the Bond Agreement or any security issued or made pursuant to the Bond Agreement until and unless the Bond Trustee has received all amounts due or to become due to it under the Bond Agreement;

(d) claim reimbursement from the Issuer for payments made hereunder until and unless the Bond Trustee has received all amounts due or to become due to it under the Bond Agreement and the obligations of the Bond Trustee to make further amounts available under the Bond Agreement has been irrevocably terminated;

(e) require that the Bond Trustee must disclose information or furnish copies of any other documents relating to the Issuer or any third party in respect of the Bond Agreement or otherwise in connection with the relationship of the Bond Trustee and the Issuer; and

(f) require that additional security be provided or maintained.

21.3

The Bond Trustee is entitled to amend, supplement, release or waive any security provided for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement or any third party relationship including (but not limited to) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of any term or provision thereof without the Guarantor's consent,

22. 22,1

RELATION TO OTHER SECURITY The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee will not be affected in any way whatsoever by the existence or non-existence of any other guarantee, indemnity,

#4652321/4

50 (54)

suretyship or similar instrument or by any collateral or security interest provided by a third party for the obligations of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement.

23.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY1

23.1 23.1.1

General
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee will be limited by mandatory provisions of law applicable to the Guarantor limiting the legal capacity or ability of the Guarantor to provide a guarantee as provided for hereunder.

23.1.2 If any limitation is no longer applicable as a mandatory provision under applicable law, such limitation will no longer apply to the guarantee provided hereunder.

23.1.3 6.1 Notwithstanding anything set out to the contrary in this Agreement, the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee:
(a) shall be limited if and to the extent required to comply with Danish statutory provisions including, without limitation, (i) Section 206(1) (as modified by Section 206(2)) of Consolidated Act No. 322 of 11 April 2011 on public and private limited liability companies as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Danish Companies Act") and (ii) Section 210(1) (as modified by Section 210(2) and Sections 211 and 212 of the Danish Companies Act), and, accordingly, shall not include, and shall not be or be construed as, any indemnity, guarantee or security in respect of:

(i)

any obligations incurred or undertaken in relation to the financing of a

direct acquisition of shares issued or to become issued by the Guarantor or

by a direct or indirect qualifying parent company which is incorporated

under the laws of any country covered by Executive Order No. 275 of 25

March 2010 on loans etc to foreign parent companies, as amended and

supplemented from time to time ("Qualifying Parent Company") of the

Guarantor ("Acquisition Debt"); nor

(ii) any obligations other than Acquisition Debt of any direct or indirect shareholder or parent company of the Guarantor other than a Qualifying Parent Company.

(b) shall further be limited to the amount equivalent to the higher of (i) the equity of the Guarantor calculated in accordance with the Guarantor's accounting principles (the "Equity") on the date of this Agreement and (ii) the Equity at the time or times that payment is requested from it, save that these limitations shall not apply to any obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor in respect of amounts relating to disbursements of the net proceeds of the bonds placed at the disposal of the Guarantor by the Issuer by way of a loan or otherwise (other than as share capital).

24. 24.1

DEFAULT INTEREST
If the Guarantor fails to pay any amount duly demanded hereunder, default interest shall be payable in accordance with Clause 10.5 (Interest in the event of late payment) of the Bond Agreement.

1 Local law limitation language to be included. #4652321/4

51 (54)
1/

 XN

25. 25.1

LIMITED RECOURSE AFTER PAYMENT Following payment of an amount demanded hereunder, the Guarantor waives any right to assert that all or parts of such amount should be repaid to the Guarantor because of:

(a) the Issuer's winding up or dissolution or its administration, provisional liquidation or any administration having a similar effect;

(b) any obligation of the Issuer under the Bond Agreement or any transaction relating to the Bond Agreement being or becoming void, voidable or otherwise unenforceable in accordance with its terms; or

(c) Any legal limitation, disability or incapacity of or affecting the Issuer.

26.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Guarantor hereby represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee that:

(a) it is a [limited liability company], duly incorporated and validly existing and registered under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted;

(b) It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Guarantee and the transactions contemplated by the Guarantee;

(c) this Guarantee constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and (save as provided for herein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against it;

(d) the entry into and performance by it of this Guarantee and the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any law or regulation or judicial or official order; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument which is binding upon it or any of its assets;

(e) All authorisations, consents, approvals, resolutions, licenses, exemptions, filings, notarizations or registrations required:

(i) to enable it to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations under this Guarantee; and

(ii) to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Guarantee,

have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.

(f) no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of or before any court, arbitral body or agency which, if adversely determined, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started or threatened against it;

#4652321/4

52 (54)

(g) any factual information provided by it to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee for the purposes of this Guarantee was true and accurate in all material respects as at the date it was provided or as at the date (if any) at which it is stated;

(h) the Guarantor is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee or the Bondholders under this Guarantee;

(i) its payment obligations under this Guarantee rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Guarantor (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt; and

(j) no security exists over any of the present assets of the Guarantor in conflict with the Bond Agreement.

27.

COVENANTS

The Guarantor undertakes for the benefit of the Bond Trustee that, unless the Bond Trustee has given its prior written consent to the contrary, it will comply with, and procure that the Issuer complies with alt other covenants, requirements and obligations as set forth in the Bond Agreement in respect of the Guarantor and the Issuer.

28. 28.1

NOTICES
Any notice or other communication hereunder shall be in writing and addressed in care of the Issuer in respect of the Guarantor and as further set in the Bond Agreement.

28.2

Any demand, notice or other communication required to be made or given in writing under the provisions hereof shall be deemed to have been duly received by the other party (i) if the same be communicated by electronic mail or fax, during ordinary business hours on the date upon which the electronic mail or fax was transmitted or, if transmitted outside business hours, at the start of the next such business day at the place of the recipient, and (if) if the same be communicated by letter, two business days following the date of despatch by prepaid first class airmail post.

29. 29.1

ASSIGNMENT
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to assign this Guarantee without the consent of the Guarantor.

30.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

(a) This Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.

(b) The Guarantor hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts, the venue to be Oslo District Court.

(c) The submission to the jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts shall not limit the right of the Bond Trustee to take any legal action or proceedings against the Guarantor in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its assets.

#4652321/4

53 (54)

as Guarantor
B y :____ Name: Title: Company:

as Bond Trustee
B y :_______________________ Name: Title: Company: Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

#4652321/4

54 (54)

