IS IN NO 001 062875.3
BOND AGREEMENT between
Songa Offshore SE (Issuer) and
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (Bond Trustee) on behalf of
the Bondholders in the bond issue FRN Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/ 2016
%

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Interpretation 2 The Bonds 3 Listing 4 Registration in a Securities Register 5 Purchase and transfer of Bonds 6 Conditions Precedent 7 Representations and Warranties 8 Status of the Bonds and security 9 Interest 10 Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption 11 Payments 12 Issuer's acquisition of Bonds 13 Covenants 14 Fees and expenses 15 Events of Default 16 Bondholders' meeting 17 The Bond Trustee 18 Miscellaneous

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA
3 10 11 11 12 12 13 15 16 16 18 19 19 25 25 28 30 32

2

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

This agreement has been entered into on 16 November 2011 between
(1) Songa Offshore SE (a company incorporated in Cyprus with Company No.SE9 as issuer (the "Issuer"), and
(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").

1

Interpretation

1.1 Definitions
In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain tenns relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause):
"Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register.
"Attachment" means any attachments to this Bond Agreement.
"Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties.
"Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds.
"Bond Reference Rate" means 6 months NIBOR.
"Bondholder" means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting of Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16.
"Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
"Book Equity" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports as the shareholders' equity of the Group on a consolidated basis.
"Book Equity Ratio" means Book Equity to Total Assets.
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open.

3

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Business Day Convention" means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).
"Cali Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"Change of Control Event" means any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-3)) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting shares of the Issuer.
"Current Assets" means on any date, the aggregate book value of the consolidated assets of the Group which are treated as current assets in accordance with IFRS less the aggregate book value of any restricted cash (where restricted cash means cash which is pledged but not blocked).
"Current Liabilities" means the aggregate book value of the Group's, on a consolidated basis, liabilities which are treated as current liabilities in accordance with IFRS, excluding the current portion of long term debt, the current portion of amortised loan issuance costs, any yard payments for rigs under construction classified as current liabilities and liabilities to non-controlling interests.
"Current Ratio" shall be calculated as the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.
"Debtor Group" means the Issuer, the Guarantors, Songa Management Limited (a company incorporated in Cypms with Company 243376) and any other Subsidiaries of the Issuer being designated as a "Debtor Group" company under any of the Senior Bank Facilities.
"EBITDA" means for any Relevant Period, on a consolidated basis for the Group, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization.
"Encumbrance" means any encumbrance, mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment by way of security, finance lease, sale and repurchase or sale and leaseback arrangement, sale of receivables on a recourse basis or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security.
"Event of Default" means the occurrence of an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Exchange" means securities exchange or other reputable marketplace for securities, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for listing of the Bonds.
"Finance Documents" means (i) this Bond Agreement, (ii) the agreement between the Bond Trustee and the Issuer referred to in Clause 14.2, (iii) the Guarantee(s) and
4

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(v) any other document (whether creating a security interest or not) which is executed at any time by the Issuer or any other party in relation to any amount payable under this Bond Agreement.

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred in respect of:

(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;

(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;

(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease, hire purchase contract

which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital

lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non

recourse basis);

(e)

any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated

as indebtedness under GAAP;

(f)

the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or

possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged

primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that

asset;

(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against

or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation

currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when

calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall

be taken into account);

(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial

effect of a borrowing or raising of money, whether recorded in the balance

sheet or not (including any forward sale of purchase agreement);

(i)

any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity,

bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued

by a bank or financial institutions; and

(j)

(without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance

against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to

in( a) through (i) above.

"Financial Statements" means the audited consolidated annual accounts and financial statements of the Issuer for any financial year, drawn up according to GAAP, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and report from the Board of Directors.

"GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in the country in which the Issuer is incorporated including, if applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and guidelines and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (or any predecessor and successor thereof), in force from time to time. In case of any changes being introduced to IFRS after the date of this Bond Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee shall jointly conduct a review of the impact of such changes for the Issuer (including, without limitations, whether such changes would have any impact on the financial covenants in Clause 13.5), and, if relevant, the parties shall enter into such amendments to the Bond Agreement as may be required to arrive at the same financial covenants in Clause 13.5 as if no such changes to IFRS had been introduced.

5

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"G roup" means the Issuer and the Subsidiaries, and a "G roup Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.

"G uarantee" means an on-demand guarantee from each of the Guarantors securing the Issuer's obligation according to the Bond Agreement, plus interest and expenses. Such Guarantee(s) shall be a senior obligation of such Guarantors however fully subordinated to the Senior Bank Facilities, meaning that the Guarantee(s) may not be called upon (and no claim being made thereunder) before any and all liability and obligations under the Senior Bank Facilities have been irrevocably repaid in full.

"G uarantors" means:

(i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (vi) (vii) (viii)

Songa Offshore Drilling Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number HE 219868; Songa Offshore Pte. Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Singapore, with company registration number 20051513 8R; Songa Delta Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 235523; Songa Eclipse Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 283607; Songa Rig AS, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Norway, with company registration number 922 839 449; Songa Tor Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 285867; Songa Odin Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in and existing under the laws of Cyprus, with company registration number 285933;and any other Subsidiaries of the Issuer becoming guarantors under any of the Senior Bank Facilities

(however always subject to any restrictions and limitations under applicable law).

"Interest Coverage Ratio" means EBITDA to Net Interests Costs.

"Interest Payment Date" means 17 November and 17 May each year and the Maturity Date. Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention.

"ISIN" means International Securities Identification Numbering system - the identification number of the Bonds.

"Issue Date" means 17 November 2011.

6

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Issuer's Bonds" means Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party or parties who has decisive influence over the Issuer, or any party or parties over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA, always provided that when calculating this ratio any take-out financing of any New Rig shall only be taken into account from and including the first Quarter Date after the first full fiscal quarter following the contract startup of such New Rig (for the avoidance of doubt, any pre-delivery financing, including refinancing of such, shall always be included). Further, after such Quarter Date and for the following nine (9) months, EBITDA related to such New Rig shall be annualized (meaning that for a New Rig the first full financial quarter since contract startup shall be annualized by multiplying such EBITDA by 4x, while the first two full financial quarters shall be annualized by a multiple of 2x and so forth).
"Liquidity" means, at any given time and on a consolidated basis, the aggregate book value of the Group's freely available cash, readily marketable securities, and other free and unencumbered cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Manager" means the manager for the Bond Issue.
"Margin" means 10 percentage points per annum.
"Market Value" means the fair market value of the Rigs in USD determined as the arithmetic mean of independent valuations of the Rigs obtained from two independent and well-reputed sale and purchase brokers ( to be appointed among R.S. Platou Offshore, Feamley Offshore, Pareto Offshore and Clarkson). Such valuation shall be made on the basis of a sale for prompt delivery for cash at arm's length on normal commercial terms as between a willing seller and willing buyer, on an "as is where is" basis, free of any existing charters or other contracts for employment. The valuation shall be dated no earlier than three months prior to the relevant Quarter Date, and indicate the Rigs' value per same date for all Rigs. The cost of such determination shall be for the account of the Issuer.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Issuer and/or the Debtor Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's and/or any Guarantor's ability to perform and comply with its obligations under the Finance Document or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement and any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 17 November 2016 or an earlier maturity date as provided for in this Bond Agreement. Any further adjustment may be made according to the Business Day Convention.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means at the date of calculation, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IFRS.
"Net Interest Costs" means for any Relevant Period, on a consolidated basis for the Group, the aggregate consolidated gross interest costs of the Group less the aggregate

7

%

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

consolidated gross interest income of the Group. For the avoidance of doubt gains or losses on currency transactions and unrealized gains or losses from interest rate swaps shall not be considered as income or cost.
"New Rigs" means any additional offshore drilling rigs and drillships contracted or delivered (where already contracted or under construction) or acquired (including partly owned units) directly or indirectly by a member of the Group after the Settlement Date, other than the Rigs (including, but not limited to, the two 2nd newbuild harsh environment semi-sumbersible rigs to be constructed on Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., Ltd.).
"NIBOR" means that the rate for an interest period will be the rate for deposits in Norwegian Kroner for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate which appears on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page as of 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date. If such rate does not appear on the Reuters Screen NIBR Page, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be determined as if the Bond Reference Rate is NIBOR Reference Rate as the applicable floating rate option.
"NIBOR Reference Rate" means that the rate for an interest period will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits in Norwegian Kroner are offered by four large authorised exchange banks in the Oslo market (the "Reference Banks") at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding that Interest Payment Date to prime banks in the Oslo interbank market for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount. The Bond Trustee will request the principal Oslo office of each Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for that Interest Payment Date shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for that Interest Payment Date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in Oslo, selected by the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), at approximately 12.00 noon, Oslo time, on that Interest Payment Date for loans in Norwegian Kroner to leading European banks for a period as defined under Bond Reference Rate commencing on that Interest Payment Date and in a representative amount.
"NOK" means Norwegian kroner, being the lawful currency of Norway.
"Obligor" means the Issuer and any of the Guarantors.
"Outstanding Bonds" means the aggregate value of the total number of Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.
"P arty" means a party to this Bond Agreement (including its successors and permitted transferees).
"Paying Agent" means any legal entity as appointed by the Issuer who acts as paying agent on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Bonds.
"Paym ent Date" means a date for payment of principal or interest.

8

%

Norsk Tillitsmaim ASA
"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Quarterly Financial Reports" means the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Issuer as of each Quarter Date, such accounts to include a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and management commentary.
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) months ending on a Quarter Date.
"Rigs" means
(i) Songa Mercur, with IMO number 8755376, (ii) Songa Venus, with IMO number 8755613, (iii) Songa Dee, with IMO number 8751095, (iv) Songa Trym, with IMO number 8752271, (v) Songa Delta, with IMO number 8756590, and (vi) Songa Eclipse with IMO number 9604213,
each a "Rig".
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instmments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bond Issue is registered.
"Senior Bank Facilities" means the existing and any future senior 1st priority bank facilities (including interest, default interest, costs, expenses and hedging/swap liabilities related to such facilities) obtained by a Group Company to finance the Rigs and to finance any New Rigs (and any refinancing, amendments or replacements thereof).
"Senior Debt" means to and including 31 March 2015 the principal amount outstanding under any debt facility secured by the Rigs, and from 1 April 2015 the sum of (i) the principal amount outstanding under any debt facility secured by the Rigs and (ii) any unsecured debt of the Issuer.
"Subsidiary" means an entity over which the Issuer has a determining influence due to (i) direct or indirect ownership of shares or other ownership interests, and/or (ii) agreement, understanding or other arrangement. An entity shall always be considered to be the subsidiary of another entity or person if such entity or person has such number of shares or ownership interests so as to represent the majority of the votes in the entity, or has the right to vote in or vote out a majority of the directors in the entity.
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and/or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be constmed accordingly.

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

"Total Assets" means the aggregate amount which would in accordance with IFRS be shown in the Issuer's Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports as the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis.
"US Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Voting Bonds" means the Outstanding Bonds less the Issuer's Bonds.
1.2 Construction
In this Bond Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(a) headings are for ease of reference only; (b) words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa; (c) references to Clauses are references to the Clauses of this Bond Agreement; (d) references to a time is a reference to Oslo time unless otherwise stated herein; (e) references to a provision of law is a reference to that provision as it may be
amended or re-enacted, and to any regulations made by the appropriate authority pursuant to such law, including any determinations, rulings, judgments and other binding decisions relating to such provision or regulation; (f) references to "control" means the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the Issuer or to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; and (h) references to a "person" shall include any individual, firm, partnership, joint venture, company, corporation, trust, fund, body corporate, unincorporated body of persons, or any state or any agency of a state or association (whether or not having separate legal personality).

2

The Bonds

2.1 Binding nature o f the Bond Agreement

2.1.1

The Bondholders are, through their subscription, purchase or other transfer of Bonds bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement and other Finance Documents, as authority to the Bond Trustee to finalize and execute this Bond Agreement on the Bondholders behalf is set out in the subscription documents, term sheet, sales documents or in any other way, and while all Bond transfers are subject to the terms of this Bond Agreement and all Bond transferees are, in taking transfer of Bonds, deemed to have accepted the terms of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents and will automatically become parties to this Bond Agreement upon completed transfer having been registered, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to be complied with, see also Clause 18.1.

2.1.2

This Bond Agreement is available to anyone and may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available to the general public throughout the entire term of the Bonds.

10

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

2.2 The Bonds

2.2.1 The Issuer has resolved to issue a series of Bonds in the maximum amount of NOK 1,400,000,000 (Norwegian kroner onebillionfourhundredmillion).

The Bonds will be in denominations of NOK 500,000 each and rank pari passu between themselves.

The Bond Issue will be described as "FRN Songa Offshore SE Senior Unsecured Callable Bond Issue 2011/ 2016".

The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Bond Issue will be NO 001 062875.3.

The tenor of the Bonds is from and including the Issue Date to the Maturity Date.

2.3 Purpose and utilization

2.3.1

The net proceeds from the Bonds shall be employed for general corporate purposes including financing of the initial installment of the 2ndnewbuild harsh environment semi-submersible rig to be constructed on Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., Ltd. pursuant to a building contract dated 6 September 2011. The amount of such initial installment is USD 113 million.

3

Listing

3.1 The Issuer shall apply for full stock exchange listing of the Bonds.
3.2 If the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds remain listed until they have been discharged in full.

4

Registration in a Securities Register

4.1 The Bond Issue and the Bonds shall prior to disbursement be registered in the Securities Register according to the Securities Register Act and the conditions of the Securities Register.
4.2 The Issuer shall promptly arrange for notification to the Securities Register of any changes in the terms and conditions of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee shall receive a copy of the notification.
4.3 The Issuer is responsible for the implementation of correct registration in the Securities Register. The registration may be executed by an agent for the Issuer provided that the agent is qualified according to relevant regulations.
4.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act, and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act.

11

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

5

Purchase and transfer of Bonds

5.1 Subject to the restrictions set forth in this Clause 5, the Bonds are freely transferable and may be pledged.
5.2 Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject (due e.g. to its nationality, its residency, its registered address, its place(s) for doing business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at own cost and expense.
5.3 Notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilize its voting lights under this Bond Agreement.

6 Conditions Precedent
6.1 Disbursement of the net proceeds of the Bonds to the Issuer will be subject to the Bond Trustee having received the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to it, at least two Business Days prior to the Issue Date:
(a) this Bond Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto;
(b) certified copies of all necessary corporate resolutions to issue the Bonds and execute the Finance Documents;
(c) a power of attorney from the Issuer to relevant individuals for their execution of the relevant Finance Documents, or extracts from the relevant register or similar documentation evidencing the individuals authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer;
(d) certified copies of (i) the Certificate of Incorporation or other similar official document for the Issuer, evidencing that it is validly existing and (ii) Articles of Association (or similar) of the Issuer;
(e) the latest Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Report;
(f) confirmation that the requirements set forth in Chapter 7 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (implementing the EU prospectus directive (2003/71 EC) concerning prospectuses have been fulfilled;
(g) to the extent necessary, any public authorisations required for the Bond Issue;
(h) confirmation from the Paying Agent that the Bonds have been registered in the Securities Register;
(i) written confirmation in accordance with Clause 7.3 (if required);
(j) the agreement set forth in Clause 14.2, duly executed;
%
12

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(k) documentation on the granting of authority to the Bond Trustee as set out in Clause 2.land copies of any written documentation made public by the Issuer or the Manager in connection with the Bond Issue;
(l) any statements or legal opinions reasonably required by the Bond Trustee;
(m) the Guarantee(s) duly executed by all parties thereto (including any necessary corporate resolutions from the Guarantors),
(n) a corporate legal opinion for each Obligor regarding (a) - (d) above.
The conditions set out in Clause 6.1 items (b), (c), (d), (e), and (i) shall apply to all Obligors.
6.2 The Bond Trustee may, in its reasonable opinion, waive the deadline or requirements for documentation as set forth in Clause 6.1.
6.3 Disbursement of the net proceeds from the Bonds is subject to the Bond Trustee's written notice to the Issuer, the Manager and the Paying Agent that the documents have been controlled and that the required conditions precedent are fulfilled.
6.4 On the Issue Date, subject to receipt of confirmation from the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 6.3, the Manager shall make the net proceeds from the Bond Issue available to the Issuer.

7

Representations and Warranties

7.1 The Issuer represents and warrants to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) that:
(a) Status The Issuer is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of the jurisdiction in which it is registered, and has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.

(b) Power and authority The Issuer has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those Finance Documents.
(c) Valid, binding and enforceable obligations This Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document constitute (or will constitute, when executed by the respective parties thereto) legal, valid and binding obligations of the Obligors, enforceable in accordance with their terms (however, subject to limitations and restrictions as set out therein), and (save as provided for therein) no further registration, filing, payment of tax or fees or other formalities are necessary or desirable to render the said documents enforceable against the Issuer.

13

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(d) Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by the Issuer of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not conflict with (i) any present law or regulation or present judicial or official order; (ii) its articles of association, by-laws or other constitutional documents; or (iii) any document or agreement which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets.
(e) No Event o f Default No Event of Default exists, and no other circumstances exist which constitute or (with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or the fulfilment of any other applicable condition, or any combination of the foregoing) would constitute a default under any document which is binding on the Issuer or any of its assets, and which may have a Material Adverse Effect.
(f) Authorizations and consents All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer in connection with the execution, performance, validity or enforceability of this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been obtained and are valid and in full force and effect. All authorisations, consents, licenses or approvals of any governmental authorities required for the Issuer to carry on its business as presently conducted and as contemplated by this Bond Agreement, have been obtained and are in full force and effect.
(g) Litigation No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding of or before any court, arbitral body or agency is pending or, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, threatened which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) Financial Statements The audited most recently Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports of the Group fairly and accurately represent the assets and liabilities and financial condition as at their respective dates, and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied from one year to another.
(i) No undisclosed liabilities As of the date of the Financial Statements, the Issuer had no material liabilities, direct or indirect, actual or contingent, and there were no material anticipated losses from any unfavourable commitments not disclosed by or reserved against in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.
(j) No Material Adverse Effect Since the date of the Financial Statements, there has been no change in the business, assets or financial condition of the Issuer that is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
14

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(k) No misleading information All documents and information which have been provided by the Issuer to the subscribers or the Bond Trustee in connection with this Bond Issue represent the latest available financial information concerning the Group.
(l) Environmental compliance The Issuer and each Group Company is in compliance in all material respects with any relevant applicable environmental law or regulation and no circumstances have occurred which would prevent such compliance in a manner which has or is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) No withholdings The Issuer is not required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment which it may become obliged to make to the Bond Trustee (on behalf of the Bondholders) or the Bondholders under this Bond Agreement.
(n) Pari passu ranking The Issuer's payment obligations under this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document to which it is a party rank at least pari passu with the claims of its otherunsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
(o) Encumbrances No Encumbrance exist over any of the present assets of any Group Company other than as provided for and permitted in Clause 13.4 (g) and as otherwise permitted by this Bond Agreement.
7.2 The representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply for all Obligors and are made on the execution date of this Bond Agreement, and shall be deemed to be repeated on the Issue Date.
7.3 The Bond Trustee may prior to disbursement require a written statement from the Issuer or any other Obligor confirming compliance with Clause 7.1.
7.4 In the event of misrepresentation, the Issuer/actual Obligor shall indemnify the Bond Trustee for any economic losses suffered, both prior to the disbursement of the Bonds, and during the term of the Bonds, as a result of its reliance on the representations and warranties provided by the Issuer/such Obligor herein.

8

Status of the Bonds and security

8.1 The Bonds shall be senior debt of the Issuer. The Bonds shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank ahead of subordinated debt.

15

Norsk Tillitsmanu ASA

8.2 The Bonds, including accrued but unpaid interest and expenses, shall be secured by the Guarantee(s). Such Guarantee(s) shall be a senior obligation of the Guarantors however fully subordinated to the Senior Bank Facilities, meaning that the Guarantee(s) may not be called upon (and no claim being made thereunder) before any and all liability and obligations under the Senior Bank Facilities have been irrevocably repaid in full.

9 Interest

9.1 The Issuer shall pay interest on the face value of the Bonds from, and including, the Issue Date at the Bond Reference Rate plus the Margin (together the "Floating Rate").
9.2 Interest payments shall be made in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year, the first Interest Payment Date falls in May 2012.
9.3 The relevant interest payable amount shall be calculated based on a period from, and including, one Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next following applicable Interest Payment Date.
9.4 The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of the payable interest amount shall be "Actual/360", which means that the number of days in the calculation period in which payment being made divided by 360.

9.5 The applicable Floating Rate on the Bonds is set/reset on each Interest Payment Date by the Bond Tmstee commencing on the Interest Payment Date at the beginning of the relevant calculation period.

When the interest rate is set for the first time and on subsequent interest rate resets, the next Interest Payment Date, the interest rate applicable up to the next Interest Payment Date and the actual number of calendar days up to that date shall immediately be notified to the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, and if the Bonds are listed, the Exchange.

9.6 The payable interest amount per Bond for a relevant calculation period shall be calculated as follows:

Interest = Amount

Face Value

x Floating Rate

x Floating Rate Day Count Fraction

10

Maturity of the Bonds and Redemption

10.1 Maturity
The Bonds shall mature in full on the Maturity Date, and shall be repaid at par (100%) by the Issuer.

16

Norsk Tillitsmanu ASA

10.2 10.2.1

Call Option
The Issuer may redeem parts of the Bond Issue or the entire Bond Issue as follows ("Call Option"):

(i) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in November 2014 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 at 108 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(ii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in May 2015 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 at 106 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount,

(iii) at any time from the Interest Payment Date in November 2015 to, but not included, the Interest Payment Date in May 2016 at 104 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount, and

(iv) at any time from and included the Interest Payment Date in May 2016 to, but not included, Maturity Date at 102 % of par plus accrued interests on redeemed amount.

10.2.2 Exercise of the Call Option shall be notified by the Issuer in writing to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders and at least thirty Business Days prior to the settlement date of the Call Option.

10.2.3 Partial redemption must be carried out pro rata between the Bonds (according to the procedures of the Security Depository).

10.2.4

On the settlement date of the Call Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be redeemed, in respect of each such Bond, the principal amount of such Bond (including any premium as stated above) and any unpaid interest accrued up to the settlement date.

10.2.5 Bonds redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this clause shall be discharged against the Outstanding Bonds.

10.3 Change o f Control

10.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event each Bondholder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "P ut Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101 % of par plus accrued interest.

10.3.2

The Put Option must be exercised within two months after the Issuer has given notification to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders of a Change of Control Event. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control Event has taken place.

The Put Option may be exercised by the Bondholders by giving written notice of the request to its Account Manager. The Account Manager shall notify the Paying Agent of the pre-payment request. The settlement date of the Put Option shall be fifteen -

17

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

15 - Business Days following the date when the Paying Agent received the pre payment request.

10.3.3

On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuer shall pay to each of the Bondholders holding Bonds to be pre-paid, the principal amount of each such Bond (including any premium pursuant to Clause 10.3.1) and any unpaid interest accrued up to (but not including) the settlement date.

11 Payments

11.1 Payment mechanics

11.1.1 The Issuer shall pay all amounts due to the Bondholders under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement by crediting the bank account nominated by each Bondholder in connection with its securities account in the Securities Register.

11.1.2

Payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank which holds the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, but if the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be considered to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question, see however Clause 11.2.

11.2 Currency

11.2.1

If the Bonds are denominated in other currencies than NOK, each Bondholder has to provide the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Manager) with specific payment instmctions, including foreign exchange bank account details. Depending on the currency exchange settlement agreements between the Bondholders' bank and the Paying Agent, cash settlement may be delayed, in which case no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the amount of the Issuer.

11.2.2

Except as otherwise expressly provided, all amounts payable under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document shall be payable in the same currency as the Bonds are denominated in. If, however, the Bondholder has not given instmction as set out in Clause 11.2.1, within 5 Business Days prior to a Payment Date, the cash settlement will be exchanged into NOK and credited to the NOK bank account registered with the Bondholders account in the Securities Register.

11.2.3 Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, taxes and other liabilities shall be payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

11.3 Set-off and counterclaims

11.3.1 No Obligor may apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document.

18

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

11.4 Interest in the event o f late payment

11.4.1 In the event that payment of interest or principal is not made on the relevant Payment Date, the unpaid amount shall bear interest from the Payment Date at an interest rate equivalent to the interest rate according to Clause 9 plus 5.00 percentage points.

11.4.2 The interest charged under this Clause 11.4 shall be added to the defaulted amount on each respective Interest Payment Date relating thereto until the defaulted amount has been repaid in full.

11.4.3 The unpaid amounts shall bear interest as stated above until payment is made, whether or not the Bonds are declared to be in default pursuant to Clause 15.1 (a), cf. Clauses 15.2 - 15.4.

11.5 Irregular payments

11.5.1

In case of irregular payments, the Bond Tmstee may instruct any Obligor or Bondholders of other payment mechanisms than described in Clause 11.1 or 11.2 above. The Bond Trustee may also obtain payment information regarding Bondholders' accounts from the Securities Register or Account Managers.

12

Issuer's acquisition of Bonds

12.1 The Issuer has the right to acquire and own Bonds (Issuer's Bonds). The Issuer's Bonds may at the Issuer's discretion be retained by the Issuer, sold or discharged.

13

Covenants

13.1 General

13.1.1 The Issuer has undertaken the covenants in this Clause 13 to the Bond Tmstee (on behalf of the Bondholders), as further stated below.

13.1.2

The covenants in this Clause 13 shall remain in force from the date of this Bond Agreement and until such time that no amounts are outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document, unless the Bond Tmstee (or the Bondholders Meeting, as the case may be), has agreed in writing to waive any covenant, and then only to the extent of such waiver, and on the terms and conditions set forth in such waiver.

13.2 Information Covenants

13.2.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) without being requested to do so, immediately inform the Bond Tmstee of any Event of Default as well as of any circumstances which the Issuer understands or should understand may lead to an Event of Default;
C

19

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of any other event which may have a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee if the Issuer intends to sell or dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations, or change the nature of its business;

(d) without being requested to do so, produce Financial Statements annually and Quarterly Financial Report quarterly and make them available on its website in the English language (alternatively by sending them to the Bond Trustee) as soon as they become available, and not later than 150 days after the end of the financial year and 60 days after the end of the relevant quarter;

(e) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the balance of the Issuer's Bonds;

(f) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any creditors' notifications of the Issuer, including but not limited to mergers, de mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;

(g) without being requested to do so, send a copy to the Bond Tmstee of its notices to the Exchange (if listed) which are of relevance for the Issuer's liabilities pursuant to this Bond Agreement;

(h) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the Securities Register; and

(i) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.

13.2.2

The Issuer shall at the request of the Bond Tmstee provide the documents and information necessary to maintain the listing and quotation of the Bonds on the Exchange (if listed) and to otherwise enable the Bond Tmstee to carry out its rights and duties pursuant to this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents, as well as applicable laws and regulations.

13.2.3

The Issuer shall in connection with the issue of its Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Reports under Clause 13.2.1. (d), confirm to the Bond Tmstee in writing the Issuer's compliance with the covenants in Clause 13. Such confirmation shall be undertaken in a compliance certificate, substantially in the format set out in Attachment 1 hereto, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. In the event of non-compliance, the compliance certificate shall describe the non-compliance, the reasons therefore as well as the steps which the Issuer has taken and will take in order to rectify the non-compliance.

13.3 General Covenants

(a) Pari passu ranking The obligations of any member of the Debtor Group under any Finance Document shall at all times rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other

20

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
unsubordinated creditors save for those whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.
(b) Mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, carry out any merger or consolidation or corporate reorganization involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the Issuer or such member of the Debtor Group with any other companies or entities not being a member of the Group if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) De-mergers The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganization involving splitting the Issuer or any such member of the Debtor Group into two or more separate companies or entities not being a member of the Group, if such transaction would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Bond Trustee of any such transaction, providing relevant details thereof, as well as, if applicable, its reasons for believing that the proposed transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) Continuation o f business (i) The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group
shall, cease to carry out its business.
(ii) The Issuer shall procure that no material change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group from that carried on at the date of this Bond Agreement, or as contemplated by this Bond Agreement.
(e) Disposal o f business The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no member of the Debtor Group shall, be entitled to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that member of the Debtor Group's assets or operations to any person not being a member of the Group, unless:
(i) the transaction is carried out at fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions; and
(ii) such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any such transaction, and upon request provide relevant details thereof.
13.4 Corporate and operational matters
(a) A n n 's length transactions The Issuer shall not engage in, or permit any member of the Group to engage in, directly or indirectly, any transaction with any other member of the Group or any
21

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
related party (without limitation, the purchase, sale or exchange of assets or the rendering of any service), except in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to the reasonable requirement of the Issuer's or such member of the Group's business and upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Issuer or such member of the Group, as the case may be, than those which might be obtained in an arm's length transaction at the time.
(b) Ownership to Debtor Group companies The Issuer shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dilute or dispose of any shares or any other ownership interest in any of the Debtor Group companies, and shall cause each Debtor Group company not to issue or sell any new shares, treasury shares or other ownership interest, to any third party.
(c) Subsidiaries' distributions The Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary to create or permit to exist any contractual obligation (or Encumbrance) restricting the right of any Subsidiary to (i) pay dividends or make other distributions to its shareholders, (ii) pay any Financial Indebtedness to the Issuer, make any loans to the Issuer or (iii) transfer any of its assets and properties to the Issuer, except if provided in this Bond Agreement and the Senior Bank Facilities.
(d) Corporate status The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Debtor Group company, change its type of organization or jurisdiction of organization.
(e) Compliance with laws The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time (including any environmental laws and regulations).
(f) Litigations The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of them, send the Bond Trustee such relevant details of any:
(a) material litigations, arbitrations or administrative proceedings which have been or might be started by or against any Group Company; and
(b) other events which have occurred or might occur and which may have a Material Adverse Effect, as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request.
(g) Negative Pledge The Issuer shall not, and it shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien or any other encumbrance over any of its present or future respective assets (including, but not limited to, the shares in the Subsidiaries) or its revenues, other than the encumbrances granted to secure any of the following:
(i) the Senior Bank Facilities; (ii) any derivative transaction related to the Group's hedging policy;
22
\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(iii) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary;
(iv) any recourse liability incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Rigs or any New Rigs or for any tenders for employment of such units;
(v) any lien arising by operation of law; and (vi) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (v)
above) that in total do not exceed USD 10 million for the Group in aggregate.
(i) Financial indebtedness restriction The Issuer shall procure that no Subsidiary incurs, creates or permits to subsist any financial indebtedness (including guarantees), other than:
(i) financial indebtedness under the Senior Bank Facilities; (ii) financial indebtedness under the Guarantee(s); (iii) any intra-group loans granted by any member of the Group; (iv) any derivative transactions related to the Group's hedging policy; (v) obligations incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of
business for working capital purposes and as part of the daily operations of such Subsidiary; (vi) any recourse liability incurred by any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to any financial institution in respect of bid or performance bonds, guarantees or letters of credit issued by such financial institution as security for the performance of the Rigs or the New Rigs or for any tenders for employment of such units; (vii) any Financial Support permitted pursuant to paragraph g) (Financial Support restrictions) below; and (viii) obligations incurred by the Group (not covered by (i) through (vii) above) that in total do not exceed USD 10 million for the Group in aggregate.
(j) Financial Support restrictions: The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary shall, grant any loans, give any guarantees or otherwise voluntarily assume any financial liability (whether actual or contingent) ("Financial Support"), to or for the benefit of any third party (not being a member of the Group), other than any Financial Support made, granted or given (i) in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) in relation to what is permitted under i) (Financial indebtedness restriction), (i) - (vi) and (viii), above.
13.5 Financial Covenants and dividend restriction
(a) Dividend restrictions The Issuer shall not, during the term of the Bond Issue, declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase of
23

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
shares or make other similar transactions (included, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), or other distributions or transactions implying a transfer of value to its shareholders exceeding 50% of Issuer's consolidated net profit after taxes based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year. Any un-utilized portion of the permitted dividend pursuant to the above may not be carried forward to any subsequent financial year.
b) Book Equity Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Book Equity Ratio of minimum 35 %.
c) Liquidity The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains minimum Liquidity of USD 50 million.
d) Current Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Current Ratio of minimum 1: 1.
e) Interest Coverage Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains an Interest Coverage Ratio of minimum 2.5:1.
f) Leverage Ratio The Issuer shall ensure that the Group maintains a Leverage Ratio equal to or lower than:
(i) for the financial year 2012, 5.0:1; and (ii) for the financial year 2013 and thereafter, 4.0:1.
g) Minimum value The Issuer shall ensure that the aggregate Market Value of all the Rigs at all times is at least 175% of the Senior Debt. In the event that the ratio is less than the required level, the Issuer shall within 30 days of the relevant Quarter Date reduce the Senior Debt as necessary to ensure that the Market Value is at least 175% of the Senior Debt.
All financial covenants under this Clause shall be calculated on a consolidated basis for the Group.
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the financial covenants under this Clause at all times, such compliance to be measured on each Quarter Date and certified by the Issuer as stated in Clause 13.2.3.
24

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

14

Fees and expenses

14.1 The Issuer shall cover all its own expenses in connection with this Bond Agreement and fulfilment of its obligations under this Bond Agreement, including preparation of this Bond Agreement, preparation of the Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto, listing of the Bonds on the Exchange (if applicable), and the registration and administration of the Bonds in the Securities Register.
14.2 The expenses and fees payable to the Bond Tmstee shall be paid by the Issuer and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Tmstee. Fees and expenses payable to the Bond Tmstee which, due to the Issuer's insolvency or similar, are not reimbursed in any other way may be covered by making an equivalent reduction in the payments to the Bondholders.
14.3 The Issuer shall cover all public fees in connection with the Bonds and the Finance Documents. Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.

14.4 In addition to the fee due to the Bond Tmstee pursuant to Clause 14.2 and normal expenses pursuant to Clauses 14.1 and 14.3, the Issuer shall, on demand, cover extraordinary expenses incurred by the Bond Tmstee in connection with the Bonds, as determined in a separate agreement between the Issuer and the Bond Tmstee.
14.5 The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by applicable law on any payments to the Bondholders.

15

Events of Default

15.1 The Bonds may be declared by the Bond Tmstee to be in default upon occurrence of any of the following events (which shall be referred to as an "Event of Default") if:
(a) Non-payment Any member of the Debtor Group fail to fulfil any payment obligation due under this Bond Agreement or any Finance Document when due, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Tmstee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied, and payment in full is made, within 5 - five - Business Days following the original due date.
(b) Breach o f other obligations Any member of the Debtor Group fail to duly perform any other covenant or obligation pursuant to this Bond Agreement or any of the Finance Documents, unless, in the opinion of the Bond Tmstee, it is obvious that such failure will be remedied and is remedied within 10 - ten - Business Days after notice thereof is given to the Issuer by the Bond Tmstee.

(c) Cross default Any member of the Debtor Group, the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (iv) below exceeds a total of USD 5 million, or the equivalent thereof in other currencies;

25

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) any Financial Indebtedness or guarantee is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period,
(ii) any Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),
(iii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), or
(iv) any creditor becomes entitled to declare any Financial Indebtedness due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
(d) Misrepresentations Any representation, warranty or statement (including statements in compliance certificates) made by the Issuer under this Bond Agreement or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect, inaccurate or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.
(e) Insolvency If for any member of the Debtor Group:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) other than solvent liquidation or reorganisation,
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, having an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations hereunder,
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer of any of its assets; or
(iv) enforcement of any security over any of its assets,
(f) Creditors 'process Any member of the Debtor Group have a substantial proportion of the assets impounded, confiscated, attached or subject to distraint, or is subject to enforcement of any security over any of its assets.
(g) Dissolution, appointment o f liquidator or analogous proceedings Any member of the Debtor Group are resolved to be dissolved or a liquidator, administrator or the like is appointed or requested to be appointed in respect of the Obligor or any Debtor Group company.
(h) Impossibility or illegality It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any member of the Debtor Group to fulfil or perform any of the terms of the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
26

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
(i) Litigation There is current, pending or threatened any claims, litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings against any member of the Debtor Group which might, if adversely determined, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Trustee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Material adverse effect Any other event or series of events occurs in relation to any member of the Debtor Group which, in the reasonable opinion of the Bond Tmstee, after consultations with the Issuer, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.2 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee can, in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders, declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and expenses to be in default and due for immediate payment.
The Bond Trustee may at its discretion, on behalf of the Bondholders, take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds, and all other amounts outstanding under this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Document.
15.3 In the event that one or more of the circumstances mentioned in Clause 15.1 occurs and is continuing, the Bond Trustee shall declare the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and costs to be in default and due for payment if:
(a) the Bond Trustee receives a demand in writing with respect to the above from Bondholders representing at least 1/5 of the Voting Bonds, and the Bondholders' Meeting has not decided on other solutions, or
(b) the Bondholders' Meeting has decided to declare the Outstanding Bonds in default and due for payment.
In either case the Bond Trustee shall on behalf of the Bondholders take every measure necessary to recover the amounts due under the Outstanding Bonds. The Bond Trustee can request satisfactory security for any possible liability and anticipated expenses, from those Bondholders who requested that the declaration of default be made pursuant to sub clause (a) above and/or those who voted in favour of the decision pursuant to sub clause (b) above.
15.4 In the event that the Bond Trustee pursuant to the terms of Clauses 15.2 or 15.3 declares the Outstanding Bonds to be in default and due for payment, the Bond Tmstee shall immediately deliver to the Issuer a notice demanding payment of interest and principal due to the Bondholders under the Outstanding Bonds including accrued interest and interest on overdue amounts and expenses. Declaration of default shall be deemed as a mandatory prepayment situation and the Outstanding Loan shall be repaid at the same prices as set out in Clause 10.2.
27

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

16 Bondholders' meeting

16.1 Authority o f the Bondholders ' meeting

16.1.1

The Bondholders' Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in all matters relating to the Bonds. Tf a resolution by or an approval of the Bondholders is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Bonds.

16.2 Procedural rules fo r Bondholders ' meetings

16.2.1 A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of:

(a) the Issuer, (b) Bondholders representing at least 1/10 of Voting Bonds, (c) the Exchange, if the Bonds are listed, or (d) the Bond Trustee.

16.2.2 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be summoned by the Bond Tmstee. A request for a Bondholders' Meeting shall be made in writing to the Bond Tmstee, and shall clearly state the matters to be discussed.

16.2.3 If the Bond Tmstee has not summoned a Bondholders' Meeting within 10 - ten Business Days after having received such a request, then the requesting party may summons the Bondholders' Meeting itself.

16.2.4

Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched no later than 10 - ten Business Days prior to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons and a confirmation of each Bondholder's holdings of Bonds shall be sent to all Bondholders registered in the Securities Register at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Exchange for publication.

16.2.5

The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bond Tmstee may in the summons also set forth other matters on the agenda than those requested. If amendments to this Bond Agreement have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons.

16.2.6 The Bond Tmstee may restrict the Issuer to make any changes of Voting Bonds in the period from distribution of the summons until the Bondholders' Meeting, by serving notice to it to such effect.

16.2.7 Matters that have not been reported to the Bondholders in accordance with the procedural rales for summoning of a Bondholders' Meeting may only be adopted with the approval of all Voting Bonds.

16.2.8 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Bond Tmstee. The Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened and shall, unless otherwise decided by the Bondholders' Meeting, be chaired by the Bond Tmstee. If the Bond

28

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

Trustee is not present, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be opened by a Bondholder, and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.2.9

Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the numbers of Bondholders represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one other person elected by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be deposited with the Bond Trustee and shall be available to the Bondholders.

16.2.10 The Bondholders, the Bond Trustee and - provided the Bonds are listed representatives of the Exchange, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Bondholders may attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In case of dispute the chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the Bonds.

16.2.11 Representatives of the Issuer have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may resolve that the Issuer's representatives may not participate in particular matters. The Issuer has the right to be present under the voting.

16.3 Resolutions passed at Bondholders ' meetings

16.3.1

At the Bondholders' Meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each Voting Bond owned at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with the records registered in the Securities Register. Whoever opens the Bondholders' Meeting shall adjudicate any question concerning which Bonds shall count as the Issuer's Bonds. The Issuer's Bonds shall not have any voting rights.

16.3.2 In all matters, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and any Bondholder have the right to demand vote by ballot. In case of parity of votes, the chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the chairman being a Bondholder or not.

16.3.3

In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds must be represented at the meeting, see however Clause 16.4. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed.

16.3.4 Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, unless otherwise set forth in Clause 16.3.5.

16.3.5 In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Voting Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting is required:

(a) amendment of the terms of this Bond Agreement regarding the interest rate, the tenor, redemption price and other terms and conditions affecting the cash flow of the Bonds;

29

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

(b) transfer of rights and obligations of this Bond Agreement to another issuer (Issuer), or
(c) change of Bond Trustee.

16.3.6 The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

16.3.7 The Bond Trustee shall ensure that resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting are properly implemented.

16.3.8 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4 Repeated Bondholders' meeting

16.4.1.

If the Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum pursuant to Clause 16.3.3, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting.

16.4.2 When a matter is tabled for discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than half (1/2) of the Voting Bonds are represented.

17 The Bond Trustee

17.1 The role and authority o f the Bond Trustee

17.1.1

The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Bond Agreement and applicable laws and regulations which are relevant to the terms of this Bond Agreement, including supervision of timely and correct payment of principal or interest, inform the Bondholders, the Paying Agent and the Exchange of relevant information which is obtained and received in its capacity as Bond Trustee (however, this shall not restrict the Bond Trustee from discussing matters of confidentiality with the Issuer), arrange Bondholders' Meetings, and make the decisions and implement the measures resolved pursuant to this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Issuer's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in this Bond Agreement.

17.1.2

The Bond Trustee may take any step necessary to ensure the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement. The Bond Trustee may postpone taking action until such matter has been put forward to the Bondholders' Meeting.

17.1.3 Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5 the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders concerning this Bond Agreement, including amendments to the Bond Agreement and waivers or modifications of certain provisions, which in

30

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

the opinion of the Bond Trustee, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on the rights or interests of the Bondholders pursuant to this Bond Agreement.

17.1.4

Except as provided for in Clause 17.1.5, the Bond Trustee may reach decisions binding for all Bondholders in circumstances other than those mentioned in Clause 17.1.3 provided prior notification has been made to the Bondholders. Such notice shall contain a proposal of the amendment and the Bond Tmstee's evaluation. Further, such notification shall state that the Bond Trustee may not reach a decision binding for all Bondholders in the event that any Bondholder submit a written protest against the proposal within a deadline set by the Bond Trustee. Such deadline may not be less than five (5) Business Days following the dispatch of such notification.

17.1.5 The Bond Trustee may not reach decisions pursuant to Clauses 17.1.3 or 17.1.4 for matters set forth in Clause 16.3.5 except to rectify obvious incorrectness, vagueness or incompleteness.

17.1.6 The Bond Tmstee may not adopt resolutions which may give certain Bondholders or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other Bondholders.

17.1.7 The Issuer, the Bondholders and the Exchange shall be notified of decisions made by the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 17.1 unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

17.1.8 The Bondholders' Meeting can decide to replace the Bond Trustee without the Issuer's approval, as provided for in Clause 16.3.5.

17.2 Liability and indemnity

17.2.1

The Bond Trustee is liable only for direct losses incurred by Bondholders or the Issuer as a result of negligence or wilful misconduct by the Bond Trustee in performing its functions and duties as set forth in this Bond Agreement. The Bond Tmstee is not liable for the content of information provided to the Bondholders on behalf of the Issuer.

17.2.2

The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Bond Tmstee fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Bond Tmstee as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the terms of this Bond Agreement and any other Finance Documents, including losses incurred by the Bond Trustee as a result of the Bond Tmstee's actions based on misrepresentations made by the Issuer in connection with the establishment and performance of this Bond Agreement and the other Finance Documents.

17.3 Change o f Bond Trustee

17.3.1 Change of Bond Tmstee shall be carried out pursuant to the procedures set forth in Clause 16. The Bond Tmstee shall continue to carry out its duties as bond tmstee until such time that a new Bond Tmstee is elected.

31

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

17.3.2

The fees and expenses of a new bond trustee shall be covered by the Issuer pursuant to the terms set out in Clause 14, but may be recovered wholly or partially from the Bond Trustee if the change is due to a breach of the Bond Trustee duties pursuant to the terms of this Bond Agreement or other circumstances for which the Bond Trustee is liable.

17.3.3

The Bond Tmstee undertakes to co-operate so that the new bond trustee receives without undue delay following the Bondholders' Meeting the documentation and information necessary to perform the functions as set forth under the terms of this Bond Agreement.

18 Miscellaneous
18.1 The community o f Bondholders
18.1 By virtue of holding Bonds, which are governed by this Bond Agreement (which pursuant to Clause 2.1.1 is binding upon all Bondholders), a community exists between the Bondholders, implying, inter alia, that:
(a) the Bondholders are bound by the terms of this Bond Agreement, (b) the Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders, (c) the Bond Tmstee has, in order to administrate the terms of this Bond
Agreement, access to the Securities Register to review ownership of Bonds registered in the Securities Register, (d) this Bond Agreement establishes a community between Bondholders meaning that; (i) the Bonds rank pari passu between each other, (ii) the Bondholders may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly
towards the Issuer and may not themselves institute legal proceedings against the Issuer, however not restricting the Bondholders to exercise their individual rights derived from the Bond Agreement. (iii) the Issuer may not, based on this Bond Agreement, act directly towards the Bondholders, (iv) the Bondholders may not cancel the Bondholders' community, and (v) the individual Bondholder may not resign from the Bondholders' community.
18.2 Defeasance
18.2.1 The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have certain obligations discharged (see Clause 18.2.2) upon complying with the following conditions ("Covenant Defeasance");
(a) the Issuer shall have irrevocably pledged to the Bond Tmstee for the benefit of the Bondholders cash or government obligations accepted by the Bond Tmstee (the "Defeasance Pledge") in such amounts as will be sufficient for the payment of principal (including if applicable premium payable upon exercise

32

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
of a Call Option) and interest on the Outstanding Bonds to Maturity Date (or redemption upon a exercise of a notified Call Option);
(b) the Issuer shall, if required by the Bond Trustee, provide a legal opinion reasonable acceptable to the Bond Trustee to the effect that the Bondholders will not recognize income, gain or loss for income tax purposes (hereunder US federal or Norwegian, if applicable) as a result of the Defeasance Pledge and Covenant Defeasance, and will be subject to such income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the Defeasance Pledge had not occurred;
(c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of establishment of the Defeasance Pledge, or insofar as Events of Default from bankruptcy or insolvency events are concerned, at any time in the period ending on the 181st day after the date of establishment of the pledge;
(d) neither the Defeasance Pledge nor the Covenant Defeasance results in a breach or violation of any material agreement or instrument binding upon any Obligor, or the articles of association or other corporate documents governing any Obligor;
(e) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by its Chief Executive Officer that the Defeasance Pledge was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Bondholders over any other creditors of the Issuer or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Issuer or others;
(f) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Bond Trustee any certificate or legal opinion reasonably required regarding the Covenant Defeasance or Defeasance Pledge (including certificate from its Chief Executive Officer and a legal opinion from its legal counsel to the effect that all conditions for Covenant Defeasance have been complied with; and that the Defeasance Pledge (i) will not be subject to any rights of creditors of any Obligor, (ii) will constitutes a valid, perfected and enforceable security interest in favour of the Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders, and (iii) will, after the 181st day following the establishment, the funds and assets so pledged will not be subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally under the laws of the jurisdiction where the Defeasance Pledge was established and the corporate domicile of the Issuer.
18.2.2 Upon the exercise by the Issuer of its option under Clause 18.2.1;
(a) all Obligors shall be released from their obligations under all provisions in Clause 13, except 13.2.1 (a), (e), (h) and (i).
(b) the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that all Group Companies shall not) take any actions that may cause the value of the Security Interest created by this Covenant Defeasance to be reduced, and shall at the request of the Bond Trustee execute, or cause to be executed, such further documentation and perform such other acts as the Bond Tmstee may reasonably require in order
33

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

for the Security Interests to remain valid, enforceable and perfected by the Bond Trustee for the account of the Bondholders;

(c) any Guarantor(s) shall be discharged from their obligations under the Guarantee(s), and the Guarantee(s) shall cease to have any legal effect;

(d) all other provisions of this Bond Agreement (except (a) - (c) above) shall remain fully in force without any modifications.

18.2.3

All moneys amount covered by the Defeasance Pledge shall be applied by the Bond Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of this Bond Agreement, to the payment to the Bondholders of all sums due to them under this Bond Agreement on the due date thereof.

Any excess funds not required for the payment of principal, premium and interest to the Bondholders (including any expenses, fees etc. due to the Bond Trustee hereunder) shall be returned to the Issuer.

18.3 Limitation o f claims

18.3.1 All claims under the Bonds and this Bond Agreement for payment, including interest and principal, shall be subject to the time-bar provisions of the Norwegian Limitation Act of May 18, 1979 No. 18.

18.4 Access to information

18.4.1

The Bond Agreement is available to anyone and copies may be obtained from the Bond Trustee or the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that this Bond Agreement is available in copy form to the general public until all the Bonds have been fully discharged.

18.4.2 The Bond Trustee shall, in order to carry out its functions and obligations under this Bond Agreement, have access to the Securities Register for the purposes of reviewing ownership of the Bonds registered in the Securities Register.

18.5 Amendments

18.5.1 All amendments of this Bond Agreement shall be made in writing, and shall unless otherwise provided for by this Bond Agreement, only be made with the approval of all parties hereto.

18.6 Notices, contact information

18.6.1

Written notices, warnings, summons etc to the Bondholders made by the Bond Trustee shall be sent via the Securities Register with a copy to the Issuer and the Exchange. Information to the Bondholders may also be published at the web site www.stamdata.no.

34

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

18.6.2 The Issuer's written notifications to the Bondholders shall be sent via the Bond Trustee, alternatively through the Securities Register with a copy to the Bond Trustee and the Exchange.

18.6.3

Unless otherwise specifically provided, all notices or other communications under or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee and any Obligor shall be given or made in writing, by letter, or telefax. Any such notice or communication addressed shall be deemed to be given or made as follows:

(a) if by letter, when delivered at the address of the relevant Party; (b) if by telefax, when received.

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a day which is not a business day in the place of receipt, or after 3:00 p.m. on such a business day, shall only be deemed to be given at 9:00 a.m. on the next business day in that place.

18.6.4 The Issuer and the Bond Tmstee shall ensure that the other party is kept informed of changes in postal address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and contact persons.

18.7 Dispute resolution and legal venue

18.7 This Bond Agreement and all disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be governed by Norwegian law.

All disputes arising out of, or in connection with this Bond Agreement between the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders and any Obligor, shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of Norway, with the District Court of Oslo as sole legal venue.

This Clause 18.7 is for the benefit of the Bond Trustee only. As a result, the Bond Tmstee shall not be prevented from taking proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Bond Tmstee may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
*****

This Bond Agreement has been executed in two originals, of which the Issuer and the Bond Tmstee retain one each.

Issuer

Bond Trustee

By:
Position:
A"TTofL.u»cy ^ iini -T'A-CX

35

Attachment 1

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA P.O. Box 1470 Vika N-0116 Oslo Norway
Fax: + 47 22 87 94 10 E-mail: mail@trustee.no
[date]
Dear Sirs,
Songa Offshore SE BOND AGREEMENT 2011/ 2016 - ISIN 001 0628753

We refer to the Bond Agreement for the above mentioned Bond Issue made between Norsk Tillitsmann ASA as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, and the undersigned as Issuer under which a Compliance Certificate shall be issued. This letter constitutes the Compliance Certificate for the period [PERIOD],
Capitalised words and expressions are used herein as defined in the Bond Agreement.
With reference to Clause 13.2.3 we hereby certify that:
1. all information contained herein is true and accurate and there has been no change which would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer since the date of the last accounts or the last Compliance Certificate submitted to you.
2. the covenants set out in Clause 13 are satisfied;
3. in accordance with Clause 13.5 b), the Book Equity Ratio as of [date] is XX
4. in accordance with Clause 13.5 c), the Liquidity as of [date] is XX
5. in accordance with Clause 13.5 d), the Current Ratio as of [date] is XX
6. in accordance with Clause 13.5 e), the Leverage Ratio as of [date] is XX
7. in accordance with Clause 13.5 1), the Minimum Value as of [date] is XX
Copies of our latest consolidated [annual audited/quarterly unaudited] accounts are enclosed.

Yours faithfully, Songa Offshore SE
Name o f authorized person
Enclosure: [copy o f any written documentation\

Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
fth

37

