Final
Terms and Conditions
Legres AB (publ) SEK 490,000,000 Senior Secured Callable Floating Rate Bonds
ISIN:SE0010023572 26 June 2017
Other than the registration of the Bonds under Swedish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession,
circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose
possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
W/7492259/v2

I
Table of Contents
1. Definitions and Construction.........................................................................................1 2. Status of the Bonds..................................................................................................... 13 3. Use of Proceeds...........................................................................................................13 4. Conditions Precedent.................................................................................................. 14 5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form........................................................................................... 15 6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder....................................................................... 16 7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds...............................................................................16 8. Interest........................................................................................................................ 17 9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds.................................................................. 17 10. Transaction Security.................................................................................................... 19 11. Information to Bondholders........................................................................................20 12. Maintenance Test....................................................................................................... 21 13. General Undertakings................................................................................................. 22 14. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds.........................................................25 15. Distribution of Proceeds.............................................................................................. 28 16. Decisions by Bondholders............................................................................................29 17. Bondholders' Meeting................................................................................................. 31 18. Written Procedure...................................................................................................... 32 19. Amendments and Waivers..........................................................................................33 20. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent..............................................................33 21. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent.................................................. 37 22. No Direct Actions by Bondholders.............................................................................. 38 23. Prescription.................................................................................................................38 24. Notices........................................................................................................................39 25. Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability.................................................................... 39 26. Governing Law and Jurisdiction...................................................................................40

1
1. Definitions and Construction
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time)
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means:
(a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts; or
(b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on 14 June 2017 between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Agreement Date" means the date on which the MB Service Agreements have been entered into between certain Sergel Entities and Sergel Finans AB, Sergel Finans AS and Sergel Finans Oy.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.

2
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 17 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bond" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option" means the Issuer's right to redeem outstanding Bonds in full in accordance with 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)).
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 103.625 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date;
(b) 101.8125 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 100.90625 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date; and
(d) notwithstanding paragraph (c) above, provided that the redemption is financed to more than 50 % by way of one or several Market Loan issues, at any time from and including the date falling 3 months before the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 % of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
"Cash" means, at any time, cash in hand or at bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a Group Company with a bank and to which a Group Company is alone (or together with other Group Companies) beneficially entitled.
"Cash Equivalents" means, in respect of the Group, and at any time, (i) immediately available funds to which a Group Company is alone (or together with other Group Companies) beneficially entitled at bank or postal accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash management purposes that can be realised promptly and which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited,

3
or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing av finansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby any person, other than the Owner, acquires control over the Issuer and where "control" means:
(a) controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares of the Issuer; or
(b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Completion Date" means the date when the acquisition of the Sergel Entities in accordance with the Share Purchase Agreement is completed.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying the Maintenance Test (including figures in respect of the relevant financial tests and the basis on which they have been calculated), and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the aggregate of the profit of the Group on a consolidated basis from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report:
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary or exceptional items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transaction costs relating to any acquisition of any additional target company;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);

4
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) plus or minus the Group share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation, impairment or depletion of assets of the Group.
"Equity Injection" means in cash, the contribution of unconditional equity (Sw. eget kapital) or Shareholder Loans.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses in 14 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) other than Clause 14.11 (Acceleration of the Bonds) is an Event of Default.
"Floating Rate Margin" means 7.25 per cent. per annum.
"Final Maturity Date" 29 December2020 (3.5 years after the Issue Date) at a price equal to 100.00% of the Nominal Amount.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, capitalised interest in respect of any loan owing to any member of the Group or any shareholder loan and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, the Subordination Agreement, the Agency Agreement and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Agent.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including under bank financing or Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases;

5
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis), provided that the requirements for de recognition under the Accounting Principles are met;
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under the Accounting Principles (including forward sale or purchase arrangements);
(e) the marked-to-market value of any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, Market Loan, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of indebtedness referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Report" means the Group's annual audited consolidated financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports of the Group, which shall be prepared and made available in accordance with Clause 11.1 (Information from the Issuer).
"First Call Date" means the date falling 24 months after the Issue Date.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 25(a).
"Group" means the Issuer and all Subsidiaries from time to time. "Group Company" means any member of the Group.
"Initial Equity Injection" means the Equity Injection of SEK 200,000,000 to be made by Legres Holding AB on or before the Completion Date to partly finance the acquisition of the Sergel Entities.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.

6
"Interest Payment Date" means 29 March,29 June,29 September and 29 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 29 September2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" STIBOR (3 months), plus the Floating Rate Margin.
"Investments" means all investments other than capital expenditures for exchange of redundant equipment and customary updates.
"Issue Date" means 29 June 2017.
"Issuer" means Legres AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 559085-4773.
"Issuer's Cash" means, at any time, Cash and Cash Equivalents available to the Issuer and the Group Companies.
"Issuing Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Make Whole Amount" means the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.625 per cent. of the coupon of the Outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call Date will be equal to the interpolated SEK mid-swap rate for the remaining term from the redemption date until the First Call Date plus the applicable Floating Rate Margin) on the Bonds on the First Call Date, less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the First Call Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the mentioned date falling on the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and

7
other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the Group's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer, each Sergel Entity and each Group Company representing more than 10.00 per cent of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) according to the latest Financial Report.
"MB Service Agreements" means the agreements to be entered into on the Agreement Date and on arm's length basis with the term to maturity after the Final Maturity Date and otherwise not permitted to be terminated before the Bonds have been repaid in full, between certain Sergel Entities and Sergel Finans AB, Sergel Finans AS and Sergel Finans Oy, regarding services to be provided by such Sergel Entities to Sergel Finans AB, Sergel Finans AS and Sergel Finans Oy.
"MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement" means, once granted in accordance with Clause 13.15, the rights pledge agreement relating to the first ranking pledge over certain Sergel Entities' rights under the MB Service Agreements.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to Cash or Cash Equivalent investment (and excluding any interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group in accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding guarantees, bank guarantees, Shareholder Loans, any claims subordinated pursuant to a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the bond issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer in connection with issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Outstanding Nominal Amount" means the Nominal Amount less any repayments made pursuant to Clause 13.5 (Disposal of Assets) and Clause 9.4 (Voluntary Partial Redemption).

8
"Owner" means Ewa Glennow (personal identity number 560322-3966).
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Bonds;
(b) of the Group incurred pursuant to any financial leasing arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business in a maximum amount of SEK 30,000,000;
(c) taken up from a Group Company;
(d) of the Group under any guarantee issued by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(e) arising under a foreign exchange transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates or prices where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(f) arising under any interest rate hedging transactions in respect of payments to be made under the Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(g) related to any Shareholder Loans;
(h) incurred under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(i) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity, save for the Sergel Entities, and which is due to that such acquired entity holds indebtedness, provided that any such acquired debt is refinanced by the Issuer within 6 months;
(j) pension liabilities of the Group less any capital in Telia Pensionsstiftelse designated for pension liabilities of the Group, in an outstanding amount not exceeding SEK 145,000,000 (the "Pension Liabilities");
(k) incurred by the Issuer for the purpose of refinancing the Bonds in full; and
(l) any Financial Indebtedness not referred to in paragraphs (a)-(k) above, not exceeding an aggregate amount of SEK 10,000,000.
"Permitted Security" means any security:
(a) created in accordance with the Finance Documents;
(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);

9
(c) provided in relation to any lease agreement entered into by a Group Company;
(d) provided over any assets being subject to a financial lease or a sale lease back transaction, permitted pursuant to (b) of the definition of Permitted Debt above;
(e) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial derivatives transactions or bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements;
(f) provided for interest rate hedging transactions set out in paragraph (f) of the definition Permitted Debt;
(g) provided for any guarantees issued by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(h) any Security provided in the form of a pledge over an escrow account to which the proceeds from a refinancing of the Bonds in full are intended to be received;
(i) provided in relation to any Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer, pursuant to paragraph (k) of the definition Permitted Debt; or
(j) provided for any pension liability set out in paragraph (j) of the definition Permitted Debt.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Proceeds Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with a reputable bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent) under the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement.
"Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Proceeds Account and all funds held on the Proceeds Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution of Proceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.

10
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds).
"Reference Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent, the Bondholders and the Agent (including in its capacity as Agent under the Agency Agreement).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) holding the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties.
"Security Documents" means:
(a) the share pledge agreement relating to first ranking pledge over the shares in the Issuer;
(b) the share pledge agreement relating to first ranking pledge over the shares in each Sergel Entity;
(c) the shareholder loan pledge agreement relating to first ranking pledge over the Shareholder Loans;
(d) the rights pledge agreement relating to first ranking pledge over the Issuer's rights under the Share Purchase Agreement; and
(e) the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement.
"Sergel Entities" means Sergel Kredittjänster AB, a (Reg. No. 556264-8310), Sergel Oy (Reg. No. 1571416-1), Sergel A/S (CVR: 35481036) and Sergel Norge AS (Reg. No. 984 272 170).
"Share Purchase Agreement" means the share purchase agreement entered into between Marginalen AB, Marginalen Bank Bankaktiebolag (publ) and Telia Company AB (publ), dated 21 June 2016 as amended by an amendment agreement entered into

11
between the Issuer, Marginalen AB, Marginalen Bank Bankaktiebolag (publ) and Telia Company AB (publ), dated 27 April 2017.
"Shareholder Loans" means any shareholder loan to the Issuer if such shareholder loan:
(a) pursuant to the Subordination Agreement are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents;
(b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date; and
(c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest, other than interest that is permitted to be payable under Clause 13.2 (Distributions).
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero (0), STIBOR will be deemed to be zero (0).
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary of the Issuer according to Chapter 1 Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (or under such provision as may replace this provision).
"Subordination Agreement" means a subordination agreement to be entered into between the Agent, the Issuer and Legres Holding AB under which any Shareholder Loans granted to the Issuer will be subordinated.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means:
(a) the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 March 2019 (series 1052) and the SGB 1 December 2020(series 1047) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on or about 11.00 am on the date of the notification of redemption; or

12
(b) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (a), the SGB rate which the Issuing Agent deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably),
if any such rate is below zero, the Swedish Government Bond Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxies incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) the Bond Issue, (ii) the listing of the Bonds, and (iii) the acquisition of the Sergel Entities.
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
(b) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous

13
Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden.
(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds is SEK 490,000,000. All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(e) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(f) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The purpose of the Bond Issue is to, (i) finance the acquisition of the Sergel Entities including Transaction Costs, and (ii) finance general corporate purposes.

14
4. Conditions Precedent
4.1 The Proceeds Account
The Net Proceeds shall be transferred to the Proceeds Account. The Proceeds Account will be pledged in favor of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent). The pledge over the Proceeds Account shall be released when the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled pursuant to Clause 4.2 below.
4.2 Disbursement of the Net Proceeds from the Bonds
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Proceeds Account is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Proceeds Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected in accordance with its terms.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
(i) evidence that the Finance Documents (other than the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement) have been duly executed;
(ii) copies of constitutional documents and necessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) for each company that is a party to a Finance Document approving the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(iii) evidence that the Transaction Security (other than the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement) has been granted and perfected or will be perfected immediately following disbursement in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Agreement;
(iv) a certificate issued by the Issuer confirming that all conditions precedent under the Share Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of the Sergel Entities (except for payment of the purchase price) have been satisfied or waived and that the acquisition will be consummated immediately upon disbursement of funds from the Proceeds Account;
(v) an agreed form for the Compliance Certificate;
(vi) evidence that the Initial Equity Injection has been made to the Issuer;
(vii) a legal opinion on the validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents not governed by Swedish law issued by reputable law firms; and
(viii) written confirmation from the Issuing Agent that the Issuer has issued a completeness certificate and a statement of responsibility.

15
(c) The Agent is not reviewing the documents and evidence referred to under Clause 4.2(a) above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders. The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.2(a) - (b) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation.
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4.2(a) - (b) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall notify the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Proceeds Account) that the pledge over the Proceeds Account has been released and instruct the bank to release the block over the Proceeds Account.
(e) If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out in Clause 4.2(a) - (b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) (i) within twenty (20) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer may repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 % of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest and (ii) within ninety (90) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 101 % of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. The repurchase date shall fall no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the ending of the relevant period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by

16
the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary.
7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
(b) If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Bondholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8(d) during such postponement.

17
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was aware that the payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
8. Interest
(a) Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred (200) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
9.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
9.2 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may at any time and at any price purchase any Bonds on the market or in any other way. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled by the Issuer, unless in case of a full redemption of the Bonds.
9.3 Voluntary total redemption (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds early on any Business Day before the Final Maturity Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Make Whole Amount or the Call Option Amount (as applicable) together with accrued but unpaid interest.

18
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Voluntary Partial Redemption
(a) The Issuer may on one occasion each calendar year (without carry-back or carry forward), make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) per cent. of the aggregate Nominal Amount as of the Issue Date. Any such partial repayment shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00). The prepayment price for each Bond shall be the lower of the Call Option Amount and 103% of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than (20) Business Days' notice and the repayment shall be made on the immediately following Interest Payment Date.
9.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event occurring that has not been waived by the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued and unpaid interest) during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(d) (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(d) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1(d). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5(a).
9.6 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and

19
regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled by the Issuer, unless in case of a full redemption of the Bonds.
10. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the Issue Date (other than the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement) the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents on or before the Issue Date (other than the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement).
(c) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
(d) For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Bondholders and the Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any Transaction Security, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of proceeds). To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 10(d) are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties herein (including as required by the CSD in order for the CSD to accept such payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of proceeds) to the Bondholders through the CSD.

20
11. Information to Bondholders
11.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer will make the following information available to the Bondholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Group:
(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year,(except that the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated report for the period ending on 30 June 2017 shall be made available on the Issuer's website not later than seventy-five (75) days after the Issue Date), the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors; and
(iii) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.
(b) The Issuer shall, in a report pursuant to paragraph 11.1(a)(ii) above, disclose the number of any Bonds purchased, sold or cancelled by the Issuer during the financial quarter pertaining to such report, provided that no such information shall be necessary if no Bonds have been purchased, sold or cancelled during the relevant financial quarter;
(c) The Issuer shall issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent in connection with the publication of a report pursuant to paragraph 11.1(a)(ii).
(d) The Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent when the Issuer is or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control, or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice.
(e) When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 11.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.

21
(f) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1.
11.2 Information from the Agent
Subject to the restrictions of any applicable law and regulation, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
11.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
(b) The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
12. Maintenance Test
12.1 Maintenance Test
The Maintenance Test is satisfied if:
(i) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 2.50x;
(ii) the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than 3.75x; and
(iii) Issuer's Cash and Cash Equivalents amounts to at least SEK 20,000,000.

22
Maintenance Test to be tested quarterly on the basis of each Financial Report.
12.2 Adjustments
The figures for the Net Finance Charges and EBITDA for the Reference Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Maintenance Test, but adjusted so that:
(a) Net Finance Charges attributable to any Bonds that have been repurchased (and not resold) or redeemed by any Group Company during the Reference Period shall be excluded, pro forma, for the entire Reference Period; and
(b) until the Reference Period ending on 30 June 2018, the figures are adjusted pro forma as if (a) the Acquisition of the Sergel Entities, (b) the sale of the portfolios in Finland and Sweden, (c) the sale of Sergel Finans AS, (d) the IFRS pension liabilities adjustment, (e) the new valuation principle of acquired debt in Sergel Kredittjänster AB, and (f) the collection fee levels in Finland had been raised (as permitted due to new ownership), had been made, completed or applied (as applicable) on/from the first day of the relevant Reference Period and the figures shall, in each case without double counting, (A) include: (i) the effects of the MB Service Agreements as if the MB Service Agreements had been entered into on the first date of the relevant Reference Period, and (ii) the interest cost for the Bonds as if the Bonds had been outstanding from the first date of the relevant Reference Period and (B) exclude: (i) legal fees carried as an expense before the closing date of the acquisition of the Sergel Entities and (ii) Transaction Costs. Applicable exchange rates for the calculations shall be each year's average currency rates.
13. General Undertakings
13.1 General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 12.2(b) for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
13.2 Distributions
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries:
(i) pay any dividend in respect of its shares (other than to the Issuer and any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer);
(ii) repurchase or redeem any of its own shares;
(iii) redeem or reduce its share capital or other restricted or unrestricted equity with repayment to shareholders;

23
(iv) repay any loans granted by its direct or indirect shareholders or pay interest thereon (other than to the Issuer and any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer);
(v) make any prepayments or repayments under any long-term debt ranking junior to the Bonds (other than to the Issuer and any whollyowned Subsidiary of the Issuer); or
(vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (other than to the Issuer and any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer (13.2(a)(i) - 13.2(a)(vi) (each being a "Restricted Payment").
13.3 Nature of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the Completion Date if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
13.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, incur, prolong or renew any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the other Group Companies have a right to incur, prolong or renew Financial Indebtedness that constitute Permitted Debt.
13.5 Disposal of Assets
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or that Material Group Company's assets, or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Group Companies, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Sergel Entity and/or any other shares or assets which have been pledged in order to secure the obligations under the Finance Documents unless the Agent has provided its prior approval.
13.6 Dealings with Related Parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms, provided that no disposal or other transfer of assets (including, but not limited to, registered intellectual property rights) shall be made to the Owner or any of its Affiliates.

24
13.7 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Group Companies have a right to provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security
13.8 Listing
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Bonds are listed at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq Stockholm no later than 30 days after the Issue Date and the Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed within 60 days after the Issue Date, and the Issuer shall thereafter take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, continue being listed on Nasdaq Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
13.9 Mergers and demergers
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, enter into a merger or demerger if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall not enter into a merger where the Issuer is not the surviving entity and the Issuer shall not enter into a demerger.
13.10 Loans out
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary grants any loans, other than to Group Companies or in the ordinary course of business, provided that not made to the Owner or any of its Affiliates'.
13.11 Investments
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary makes any Investments other than that the Group Companies may make Investments in the same line of business in an aggregated amount not exceeding (i) SEK 50,000,000 per annum during two (2) calendar years from the Issue Date, and (ii) SEK 35,000,000 per annum during the years following two (2) years from the Issue Date (in each case minus the aggregated amount of all Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Group pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of Permitted Debt during the relevant calendar year) (however any amount not used by the Group in any year may be carried forward to any subsequent year). Notwithstanding the above, neither the Issuer nor any Group Company may purchase any non-performing loan portfolios.
13.12 Upstreaming of funds
The Issuer shall procure that the Sergel Entities (i) will not agree to any contractual restrictions with any party on up-streaming of funds as distributions, upstream loans or otherwise to the Issuer and (ii) utilises its full capacity, as permitted by law, to

25
upstream funds to the Issuer to timely meet any payment obligations under the Finance Documents.
13.13 MB Service Agreements
The Issuer shall make sure that the relevant Sergel Entities ensure that (i) no MB Service Agreement is materially amended within one (1) year from the Issue Date, and (ii) the fee level for each respective service provided by a Sergel Entity under the MB Service Agreements is not negatively deviated with more than fifteen (15) per cent from the fee levels as per the Agreement Date.
13.14 Compliance with laws etcetera
The Issuer shall, and shall make sure that the Material Group Companies, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and (ii), obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Material Group Company.
13.15 Condition Subsequent Security
The Issuer shall make sure that Sergel Kredittjänster AB, Sergel Oy and Sergel Norge AS no later than sixty (60) days after the Completion Date grant a first ranking security, to all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to the Bonds, plus accrued interest and expenses, over their rights under the MB Service Agreements, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, (for the avoidance of doubt, after the execution of such security agreement it shall constitute a Security Document), and shall provide evidence to the Agent, showing that the MB Service Agreements Pledge Agreement has been duly perfected in accordance with its terms.
14. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 14 (other than Clause 14.11 (Acceleration of the Bonds)) is an Event of Default.
14.1 Non-Payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
14.2 MB Service Agreements Security
The Issuer has not provided the Agent with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (representing the Bondholders), showing that the action described under Clause 13.15 has been taken at the time set out therein.

26
14.3 Other Obligations
The Issuer does not comply with the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out in Clauses 14.1 or 14.2 above, provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request).
14.4 Termination of MB Service Agreements
Any MB Service Agreement is terminated before all Bonds have been fully repaid.
14.5 Cross-Acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness (excluding any loans between members of the Group) of a Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this section if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than SEK 20,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.
14.6 Insolvency
(a) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.
14.7 Insolvency Proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 60 days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.

27
14.8 Creditors' Process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding SEK 20,000,000 and is not discharged within 60 days.
14.9 Impossibility or Illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
14.10 Continuation of the Business
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except for as a part of a merger, demerger or disposal carried out in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
14.11 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing the Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Maturity Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Agent may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause14.11(a) by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(d) If the Bondholders instruct (representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such instruction may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly)) the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the

28
Agent shall, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Agent, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 14.11, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond together with a premium on the due and payable amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (a) of the Call Option Amount definition (plus accrued and unpaid interest).
15. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent
(i) first, in or towards payment of the Agent under the Agency Agreement, including all costs and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents;
(ii) secondly, towards payment of accrued interest unpaid under the Bonds;
(iii) thirdly, towards payment of principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment of any other costs or outstanding amounts under and in respect of the Bonds.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (v) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.

29
16. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 18(c), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
(e) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least sixty-six and two thirds (66 2/3) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18(c):
(i) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12.2(b) (until the Reference Period ending on 30 June 2018, the figures are adjusted pro forma as if (a) the Acquisition of the Sergel Entities, (b) the sale of the portfolios in Finland and Sweden, (c) the sale of Sergel Finans AS, (d) the IFRS pension liabilities adjustment, (e) the new

30
valuation principle of acquired debt in Sergel Kredittjanster AB, and (f) the collection fee levels in Finland had been raised (as permitted due to new ownership), had been made, completed or applied (as applicable) on/from the first day of the relevant Reference Period and the figures shall, in each case without double counting, (A) include: (i) the effects of the MB Service Agreements as if the MB Service Agreements had been entered into on the first date of the relevant Reference Period, and (ii) the interest cost for the Bonds as if the Bonds had been outstanding from the first date of the relevant Reference Period and (B) exclude: (i) legal fees carried as an expense before the closing date of the acquisition of the Sergel Entities and (ii) Transaction Costs. Applicable exchange rates for the calculations shall be each year's average currency rates.
(ii) General Undertakings) or Clause 12 (Maintenance Test);
(iii) a release of the Transaction Security, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents;
(iv) the exchange of Bonds for any other securities;
(v) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(vi) amend any payment day for principal or interest amount or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(vii) amend the provisions regarding the majority requirements under the Terms and Conditions.
(f) Any matter not covered by Clause 16(e) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18(c). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 19(a)(i) or (19(a)(iii))), an acceleration of the Bonds, or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
(g) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in relation to Clause 16(e) and at least twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in relation to Clause 16(f):
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.

31
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 16(g) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(m) All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Group and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at

32
the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
17. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 20.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 17(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
18. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 18(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 18(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as

33
a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 18(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 16(e) and 16(f) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 16(e) or 16(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
19. Amendments and Waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) The Agent is satisfied that such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders as a group,
(ii) such amendment or waiver is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(iii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;
(iv) such amendment will not negatively affect the Bondholders or the Agent and is necessary for the purpose of the listing of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 13.8 (Listing); or
(v) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(b) The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
(c) The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 19(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 11.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.

34
(d) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
20. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
20.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints:
(i) the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security; and
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent and the Security Agent to act on its behalf, as set forth in Clause 20.1(a).
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is under any obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent and the Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable), that the Agent or the Security Agent, as applicable deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

35
20.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to and the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other Person.
(d) The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred.
(e) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default, (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under

36
the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(h) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(i) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, or the Bondholders (as applicable), the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
(j) Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.
(k) The Agent shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 20.2(g).
20.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
(d) The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with the Finance Documents.

37
(e) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent is not liable for information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or by any other person.
20.4 Replacement of the Agent
(a) Subject to Clause 20.4(f), the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
(b) Subject to Clause 20.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(e) The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to

38
take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 20.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
21. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
22. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 22(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 20.1(c)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 20.2(i), such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 20.2(k) before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 22(a).

39
(c) The provisions of Clause 22(a) shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
23. Prescription
(a) The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
24. Notices
24.1 Notices
(a) Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(i) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch, or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(11) if to the Issuer, to the following address:
(A) Legres AB (publ) c/o Marginalen AB Att. Ewa Glennow SE-100 41, Stockholm Sweden; or
(B) if sent by email by the Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time.
(iii) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either

40
courier delivery (to the extent it is possible to deliver by way of courier to the addresses registered with the CSD) or letter for all Bondholders.
(b) Any notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
(c) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 24.1(a) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 24.1(a).
(d) Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.
25. Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
(a) Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
(b) The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
(c) Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
(d) The provisions in this Clause 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
26. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt).

40

Place: ^ ' T D C W i + o c l n

Date:

^u/Uv£ 2 . c x ^

Legres AB (publ) as Issuer

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Date:
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent
Name:

40
Place: Date: Legres AB (publ) as Issuer
Name:
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: Date: 26 June 2017 Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ)
ChristofferAndersson
VD/ CEO

