TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR VOSTOK NEW VENTURES LTD
SEK 300,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FIXED RATE
BONDS 2016/2019
ISIN: SE0008406367
Issue Date: 9 June 2016
The distribution of this document and the private placement of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or
delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION....................................................................................1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS ..........11 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS.......................................................................................................12 4. USE OF PROCEEDS ...............................................................................................................12 5. SECURITY .................................................................................................................................12 6. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY ...............................................................................14 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM ..........................................................................................16 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER......................................................................17 9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS........................................................................17 10. INTEREST..................................................................................................................................18 11. REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND PREPAYMENT OF THE BONDS ........................18 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................................20 13. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT.........................................................23 14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT ................................................................................................24 15. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS ...........................................................................................24 16. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS ...........................................................................................27 17. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS.....................................................................................................28 18. HOLDERS' MEETING ..............................................................................................................31 19. WRITTEN PROCEDURE.........................................................................................................32 20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS ............................................................................................32 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE.............................................33 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT ................................36 23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD .......................................................37 24. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS ..................................................................................37 25. TIME-BAR...................................................................................................................................37 26. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES......................................................................................38 27. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.........................................................39 28. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.............................................................................40

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR VOSTOK NEW VENTURES LTD
MAXIMUM SEK 300,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FIXED RATE
BONDS 2016/2019 ISIN: SE0008406367

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by the Issuer, a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred or provided in the ordinary course of business.

"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.

"Bond Issue" means the issue of the Bonds on the Issue Date, set forth in Clause 2.1.

"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New

Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Calculation Principles" means:
(a) that the calculation of the Equity Ratio and the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value shall be made as per a testing date (the "Testing Date"), determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two (2) months prior to the incurrence of Permitted Debt or a Restricted Payment (that requires the Incurrence Test to be met); and
(b) that the Equity Ratio and the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value shall be measured on the Testing Date so determined, calculated pro forma including any new assets acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness and including the new Financial Indebtedness provided it is an interest bearing obligation; and
(c) that the figures for Total Assets, Equity and Net Asset Value for the Reference Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be adjusted:
(i) so that any asset acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Reference Period, or after the end of the Reference Period but before the Testing Date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Reference Period; and
(ii) so that any asset to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Reference Period.
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 103.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling twenty one (21) months after the Issue Date;
(b) 102.60 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling twenty one (21) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling twenty four (24) months after the Issue Date;
(c) 101.95 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling twenty four (24) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling twenty seven (27) months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.30 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling twenty seven (27) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date;

(e) 100.65 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling thirty three (33) months after the Issue Date;
(f) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on the date falling thirty three (33) months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50.00) per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. The Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio and the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"Conditions Subsequent" means all events and evidences set forth in Clause 14.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"De-listing Event" means a situation where (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
"Delivery Hero Loan Receivable" means a receivable due to the Issuer under a loan extended to Delivery Hero Holding GmbH. The loan matures on 1 September 2018, has a nominal value of EUR 25,000,000 and has been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee) under the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable Pledge Agreement.
"Delivery Hero Loan Receivable Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over all the Issuer's present and future money claims under the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee).
"Deposit Account" means a bank account of the Issuer into which any proceeds from the repayment or prepayment (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding interest payments) of the

Delivery Hero Loan Receivable, in accordance with Clause 12.12, will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee) under the Deposit Account Pledge Agreement.
"Deposit Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Deposit Account and all funds held on the Deposit Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee).
"Equity" means the aggregate amount which in accordance with the Accounting Principles would be shown in the Issuer's consolidated Financial Report as the shareholders' equity of the Group.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Final Redemption Date" means 9 June 2019.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee Agreement, the Security Documents, and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Trustee.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases;
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the Group's and the Issuer's annual audited financial statements and quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available according to 12.8 (a) and (b).
"First Call Date" means the date falling eighteen (18) months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and all Subsidiaries from time to time and "Group Company" means the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries.
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Holders' Meeting).
"Incurrence Test" the Incurrence Test for the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness is met if:
(a) the Equity Ratio exceeds eighty five (85.00) per cent.;
(b) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value is less than ten (10.00) per cent.; and
(c) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the incurrence
calculated in accordance with the Calculation Principles.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 10.1­10.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 9 March; 9 June; 9 September and 9 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an

application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 9 September 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant), in no case adjusted due to an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means the fixed interest of 6.50 per cent. per annum.
"Issuer" means Vostok New Ventures Ltd (reg. no. 39861, Codan Services, Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM1108, Bermuda).
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Issue Date" means 9 June 2016.
"Maintenance Test" is met if:
(a) the Equity Ratio exceeds seventy five (75.00) per cent.; and
(b) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Net Asset Value is less than twenty (20.00) per cent.;
calculated in accordance paragraph (c) of the Calculation Principles (as applicable).
"Make Whole Amount" means
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 103.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments, (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date) up to and including the First Call Date:
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and

comply with its payment and the undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Special Undertakings), or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than ten (10.00) per cent. of the Total Assets.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag (reg. no 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Asset Value" means the aggregate market value of the Group's investment portfolio after deducting Net Interest Bearing Debt and other liabilities of the Group in accordance with the Accounting Principles and as shown in the Issuer's consolidated Financial Report.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less cash and cash equivalents of the Group in accordance with the Accounting Principles and as shown in the Issuer's consolidated Financial Report.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that their respective fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Parallel Debt Obligations" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.10.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Bonds;
(b) taken up from a Group Company;
(c) of the Group under any guarantee issued by a Group Company for the obligations of any Group Company, in the ordinary course of business;
(d) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(e) arising under a foreign exchange transaction or commodity derivatives for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates or prices where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;

(f) arising under any interest rate hedging transactions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(g) arising under any hedging transactions related to obligations under executive remuneration plans forming part of the ordinary course of business;
(h) incurred under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(i) incurred under any counter-indemnity obligation and in the ordinary course of business;
(j) until the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled, the Refinancing Debt;
(k) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents and (i) meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis, (ii) has a final maturity date or a final redemption date, and (iii) when applicable, has early redemption dates or instalment dates, in each case (ii) and (iii) which occur after the Final Redemption Date; and
(l) incurred in connection with the redemption of the Bonds in order to fully refinance the Bonds and provided further that such Financial Indebtedness is subject to an escrow arrangement up until the redemption of the Bonds (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD), for the purpose of securing, inter alia, the redemption of the Bonds.
"Permitted Security" means any security or guarantee:
(a) granted under the Finance Documents;
(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(c) provided in relation to any agreement under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such lease constitutes Permitted Debt;
(d) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial derivatives transactions or bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements;
(e) provided for foreign exchange transactions or hedging transactions set out in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) of the definition Permitted Debt;
(f) provided for any guarantees issued by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;

(g) provided in relation to any counter-indemnity obligation and in the ordinary course of business as set out in paragraph (i) in the definition of Permitted Debt; and
(h) provided in connection with a redemption of the Bonds in full and constituting a first priority pledge over a bank account in the name of the Issuer for the purpose of securing, inter alia, the redemption of the Bonds.
"Principal Obligations" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.10.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (a) an Interest Payment Date, (b) a Redemption Date, (c) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds), (d) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (e) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption, repurchase and prepayment of the Bonds).
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding.
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Refinancing Debt" means the credit facility provided by Pareto Bank ASA, Pareto Securities AS and Pareto Securities AB, under which the amount to be repaid amounts to approximately USD 20,200,000.
"Refinancing Debt Security" means all security provided in relation to the Refinancing Debt.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (a) an owner of such security is directly registered or (b) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Documents" means the security documents pursuant to which the Transaction Security is created and any other document designated as a security document by the Issuer and the Trustee.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge of all shares in Vostok New Ventures (Cyprus) Limited, granted in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee).

"Sole Bookrunner" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE103 91 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which the Issuer:
(a) has direct or indirect control; or
(b) owns directly or indirectly more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the share capital or other right of ownership.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Total Assets" means the Group's total assets in accordance with the Accounting Principles and as shown in the Issuer's consolidated Financial Report.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (a) the Bond Issue and (b) the listing of the Bonds.
"Transaction Security" means the Share Pledge Agreement, the, Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, Deposit Account Pledge Agreement, Delivery Hero Loan Receivable Pledge Agreement and any other pledge agreement entered into by a Group Company under these Terms and Conditions.
"Trustee" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg.no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329 SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Trustee Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into between the Trustee and the Issuer on or about the Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Trustee.

1.2 1.2.1
1.2.2 1.2.3
1.2.4 1.2.5 2. 2.1
2.2 2.3

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of SEK 300,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008406367. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.

2.4

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be

subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms

such agreements.

3.

STATUS OF THE BONDS

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, general unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them. The Bonds are secured by the Transaction Security.

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Issuer shall establish the Escrow Account prior to the Issue Date. The Net Proceeds

shall be transferred by the Issuing Agent to the Escrow Account on or about the Issue Date.

For the purpose of securing that the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been

fulfilled before the disbursements of the Net Proceeds from the Escrow Account is made to

the Issuer, the Escrow Account will be pledged in favour of the Trustee and the Holders

(represented by the Trustee).

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, the Net Proceeds standing to

the credit of the Escrow Account shall be transferred to be used (a) to repay the Refinancing

Debt in full and (b) for general corporate purposes of the Group.

5.

SECURITY

5.1

As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under

the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall:

(a) pledge to the Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Trustee) a first ranking security over all shares in Vostok New Ventures (Cyprus) Limited from time to time in accordance with the Share Pledge Agreement;

(b) pledge to the Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Trustee) a first ranking security over the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable;

(c) pledge to the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee) a first ranking security over the Deposit Account pursuant to the Deposit Account Pledge Agreement;

(d) pledge to the Trustee and Holders (as represented by the Trustee) a first ranking security over the Escrow Account pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

5.2

No funds may be withdrawn or moved from the Deposit Account for as long as the Deposit

Account Pledge Agreement is in force, except as set forth in the Deposit Account Pledge

Agreement.

5.3

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are

duly executed in favour of the Trustee and the Holders (as represented by the Trustee) and

that such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect

according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of such

further documentation as the Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the

Trustee to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.

5.4

Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 17

(Decisions by Holders), 18 (Holders' Meeting) and 19 (Written Procedure), the Trustee is,

without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements

with the Group Companies or third parties if it is, in the Trustee's sole discretion, necessary

for the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction

Security or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the Transaction

Security. The Trustee is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security

Documents.

5.5

If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 15 (Termination of the

Bonds) or following the Final Redemption Date, the Trustee is, without first having to obtain

the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the Transaction Security in such manner and under

such conditions that the Trustee finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security

Documents).

5.6

If a Holders' meeting has been convened, or a Written Procedure instigated, to decide on the

termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the Transaction Security,

the Trustee is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding

the Transaction Security. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for

termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and

Conditions, the Trustee shall not enforce any of the Transaction Security. If the Holders,

without any prior initiative from the Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding

termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the Transaction Security in accordance

with the procedures set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders), 18 (Holders' Meeting) and

19 (Written Procedure), the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce

the Transaction Security. The Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Trustee

considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing

Holders in writing commit to holding the Trustee indemnified and, at the Trustee's own

discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.

5.7

Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Holders in connection

with the enforcement of any or all of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds

(Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om

redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The

Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with Clause 16

(Distribution of proceeds) as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Trustee deems it

appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment

to the Holders.

5.8

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Trustee under these Terms

and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the

enforcement of any Transaction Security, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers

the Trustee to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD

to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent

permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid

for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by

the Trustee provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of

attorney (in form and substance to the Trustee's satisfaction), which the Trustee deems

necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 5.7 (including as required

by the CSD in order for the CSD to accept such payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer

shall, upon the Trustee's request, provide the Trustee with a written power of attorney

empowering the Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank

account in the name of the Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from

an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.

5.9

The Trustee shall:

(a) administer and (subject to the same having become enforceable and to the terms of these Terms and Conditions) realise in the name of and on behalf of the Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Trustee) the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable which is pledged (Verpfändung) to the Trustee under the Delivery Hero Loan Pledge Agreement; and

(b) hold, administer and (subject to the same having become enforceable and to the terms of these Terms and Conditions) realise any other security interest otherwise granted the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable Pledge Agreement to it in its own name as trustee (treuhänderisch) for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders.

5.10

The Issuer hereby agrees and undertakes with the Trustee by way of an abstract

acknowledgement of debt (abstraktes Schuldanerkenntnis) that it shall pay to the Trustee, as

creditor in its own right and not as trustee, agent or representative of the Holders, sums equal

to, and in the currency of, any sums owing by it to a Holder under any Finance Document

(the "Principal Obligations") as and when the same fall due for payment under the relevant

Finance Document (the "Parallel Debt Obligations").

5.11

The right of the Trustee to demand payment of the Parallel Debt Obligations shall be

independent and several from the rights of the Holders to demand payment of the Principal

Obligations provided that the payment by the Issuer of its Parallel Debt Obligations to the

Trustee in accordance with Clause 5.10 shall also discharge (in the amount of the relevant

payment) the corresponding Principal Obligations and vice versa the payment by the Issuer

of its Principal Obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents

shall also discharge (in the amount of the relevant payment) the corresponding Parallel Debt

Obligations but further provided that no Principal Obligation shall be discharged by a

discharge of the Parallel Debt Obligations if such discharge of the Parallel Debt Obligations

is effected by virtue of any set-off, counterclaim or similar defence invoked by the Issuer vis-à-vis the Trustee.

5.12

All moneys received or recovered by the Trustee pursuant to Clause 5.10, and all amounts

received or recovered by the Trustee from or by the enforcement of any security granted to

secure the Parallel Debt Obligations, shall be applied in accordance with Clause 16

(Distribution of proceeds).

5.13

Without limiting or affecting the Trustee`s rights against the Issuer (whether under

Clause 5.10 or under any other provision of the Finance Documents), the Trustee agrees with

each Holder (on a several and divided basis) that it will not exercise its rights under the

Parallel Debt Obligations in respect of the Principal Obligations owing to a Holder except

with the consent of the relevant Holder. However, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the

previous sentence shall in any way limit the Trustee's right to act in the protection or

preservation of rights under any Security Document or to enforce any security granted under

any Security Document as contemplated by these Terms and Conditions, the relevant

Security Document or any other Finance Document (or to do any act reasonably incidental to

the foregoing).

6.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

6.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

6.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

6.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating

to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to,

e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each

Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

6.5

The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the

"Securities Act") and the Issuer is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the

Bonds under the Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.

6.6

The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United

States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A

under the Securities Act. In the application form relating to the Bonds, each person applying

for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation

S under the Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. person it must confirm, inter alia, that it is a QIB.

6.7

Holders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to

an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Holder

reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own

account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or

other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in

accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to an exemption from

registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available) and (e)

pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject

to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer

may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the

Securities Act.

6.8

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be

directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3

The Issuer (and the Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Trustee.

7.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Trustee does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request

of the Trustee obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Trustee.

7.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Trustee, as notified by the Trustee, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6

At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Trustee.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such Person.

8.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Holder by way of a further power of attorney.

8.3

The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume

that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a

repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the

Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

9.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any

other payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a

certain bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment

date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address

registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the

Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid, the Issuer

shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the

relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.

9.5
10. 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.4
11. 11.1
11.2
11.3 11.3.1

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or similar.
INTEREST
The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.
Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days each and, in case of incomplete moths, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred (200) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND PREPAYMENT OF THE BONDS
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, be cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

11.3.2 11.3.3
11.4 11.4.1
11.4.2
11.4.3 11.4.4 11.5 11.5.1

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.8 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.8 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.8 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2.
Mandatory repurchase due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement
If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have not been fulfilled within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied towards redemption of the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.

11.5.2 12. 12.1

Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.5.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Trustee. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable. Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend in respect of its shares, (ii) make any contribution (other than contributions to Subsidiaries, (iii) repurchase or redeem any of its own shares, (iv) redeem or reduce its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (v) make any prepayments under any longterm debt ranking junior or pari passu with the Bonds (other than in relation to loans between Subsidiaries), or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders ((i)-(vi) each being a "Restricted Payment").
Notwithstanding the above, if permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment:

(a) any Restricted Payment may be made by any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to a Group Company and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis;

(b) any Restricted Payment pursuant to items (iii) and/or (iv) above may be made by the Issuer, provided that at the time of the payment (i) the Incurrence Test is satisfied (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant payment), (ii) the aggregate amount of such payments in any fiscal year does not exceed USD 10,000,000, and (iii) it is expected that following completion of the payment, the Group's aggregate cash balance will amount to no less than USD 5,000,000; or

(c) any Restricted Payment pursuant to items (iii) and/or (iv) above may be made by the Issuer, provided that at the time of the payment (i) the Incurrence Test is satisfied (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant payment), and (ii) funds in an amount equal to or greater than the Nominal Amount outstanding under the Bonds have been deposited into the Deposit Account.

12.2

Nature of business

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Issuer and the Subsidiaries as of the Issue Date if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.

12.3

Financial Indebtedness

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, incur any new Financial Indebtedness, or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Subsidiaries have a right to incur, maintain or prolong any Financial Indebtedness that constitutes Permitted Debt, if such Permitted Debt is incurred on market terms (or better).

12.4

Negative Pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.

12.5

Disposal of assets

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or any Subsidiary's assets or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any disposal of shares in a Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of the assets of a Material Group Company and, upon request by the Trustee, provide the Trustee with any information relating to the transaction which the Trustee deems necessary (acting reasonably).

12.6

Dealings with related parties

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries will, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.

12.7

Compliance with laws etcetera

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, and (ii) obtain maintain and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, license or other permit required for the business carried out by the respective Group Company.

12.8

Financial reporting etcetera

The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement

12.8.1 12.9

and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Trustee in connection with the delivery of a Financial Report or testing of the Incurrence Test;
(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions available on the website of the Group;
(e) promptly notify the Trustee (and, as regards a Change of Control Event or a Delisting Event, the Holders) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event or that an Event of Default has occurred, and provide the Trustee with such further information as the Trustee may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice; and
(f) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the IFRS and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other regulated market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time).
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee of any transaction referred to in Clauses 12.5 (Disposals of assets) and shall, upon request by the Trustee, provide the Trustee with (a) any information relating to the transaction which the Trustee deems necessary (acting reasonably) and (b) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Trustee may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Trustee is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (b) above.
Listing of Bonds
The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds are listed at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq Stockholm not later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date (the intention of the Issuer is however to list the Bonds at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq Stockholm within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date) and shall take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, continue being listed on Nasdaq Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules

12.10

and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
Maintenance Test

12.11

The Issuer shall ensure that the Maintenance Test is met for as long as any Bond is outstanding. The Maintenance Test shall be tested quarterly on the basis of the interim report for the period covered by the relevant Reference Date on the basis of the Compliance Certificate issued therewith. The first test date for the Maintenance Test shall be 30 June 2016.
Trustee Agreement

12.11.1
12.11.2 12.12

The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Trustee Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Trustee;
(b) indemnify the Trustee for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Trustee all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Trustee; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Trustee a legal or contractual right to terminate the Trustee Agreement.
The Issuer and the Trustee shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Trustee Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders. The Delivery Hero Loan Receivable

The Issuer shall procure that any proceeds from the repayment or prepayment (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding interest payments) of the Delivery Hero Loan Receivable are promptly deposited into the Deposit Account, where they will constitute Transaction Security.

13.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT

13.1

The Trustee's approval of the disbursement of any portion of the Net Proceeds from the

Escrow Account is subject to the following documents being received by the Trustee, in

form and substance satisfactory to it (acting reasonably).

(a) relevant corporate resolutions applicable for the Bond Issue;

(b) duly executed release notice from the agent and/or lenders(s) under the Refinancing Debt confirming that all Refinancing Debt Security will be released upon repayment of the Refinancing Debt in full;

(c) duly executed copies of the Finance Documents;

(d) evidence that the Transaction Security has been duly provided and perfected or will be perfected as soon as practically possible following disbursement from the Escrow Account; and

(e) evidence that the amount to be released from the Escrow Account (if necessary after a foreign exchange transaction has been made) shall be applied towards repayment of the Refinancing Debt in full.

13.2

When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out in Clause 13.1 (a) to (e) above

have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Trustee shall

release the funds from the Escrow Account to be applied in accordance with Clause 4.2.

14.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

14.1

The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory to the

Trustee (acting reasonably), showing that the events listed below have occurred no later than

at the times set out below:

(a) that the Refinancing Debt has been repaid in full, such evidence to be provided as soon as practically possible and no later than two (2) Business Days after the disbursement from the Escrow Account has been made;

(b) that all Refinancing Debt Security has been released with no remaining obligations of any Group Company, such evidence to be provided as soon as practically possible and no later than ten (10) Business Days after the disbursement from the Escrow Account has been made; and

(c) that the security interest purported to be created under the Transaction Secuirty has been perfected, such evidence to be provided as soon as possible and no later than ten (10) Business Days after the disbursement from the Escrow Account has been made.

14.2

When the Conditions Subsequent set out in Clause 14.1 (a) to (c) above have been fulfilled

to the satisfaction of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Trustee shall release the pledge

over the Escrow Account.

15.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

15.1

The Trustee is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all,

but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the

Trustee determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Business Days from the

date on which the Trustee made such declaration), if:

(a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of the due date;

(b) Conditions subsequent: The Issuer has not provided the Trustee with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee (acting reasonably), showing

that each of the Conditions Subsequent have been fulfilled not later than at the times set out in Clause 14.1;
(c) Other obligations: The Issuer does not comply with the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out under (a) above, provided that the Trustee has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Trustee may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(d) Cross-acceleration: Any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (d) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than SEK 15,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(e) Insolvency:
(i) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company;
(f) Insolvency proceedings: Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction;
(g) Mergers and demergers: A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not

the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged;

(h) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding SEK 15,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) calendar days;

(i) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or

(j) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2

The Trustee may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance

with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or

permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not

prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause

15.1 (e).

15.3

If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the

period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

15.4

The Issuer is obliged to inform the Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type

specified in Clause 15.1 should occur. Should the Trustee not receive such information, the

Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,

provided that the Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Trustee is

under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in

Clause 15.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Trustee, provide the Trustee with

details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 15.1 and provide the Trustee with all

documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 15.

15.5

The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Trustee according to Clause 15.4 if informing the

Trustee would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq

Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist

pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise, the Issuer shall

however be obliged to either seek the approval from Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other

Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering

into a non-disclosure agreement with the Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the

Trustee according to Clause 15.4.

15.6

If the Trustee has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a

default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 15.1, the Trustee shall (i)

15.7
15.8 15.9 15.10 16. 16.1

notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Trustee to terminate the Bonds, the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Trustee or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders), the Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Trustee or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 15, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 103.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, or if the Bonds are accelerated on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Price.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination of the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee:
(a) firstly, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Trustee, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Holders' rights under the Finance Documents, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Trustee for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with items (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with items (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.2

If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in

Clause 16.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a

corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16.1.

16.3

Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of

the Bonds and/or enforcement of any or all of the Transaction Security constitute escrow

funds according to the Escrow Funds Act and must be held on a separate interest-bearing

account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Trustee shall arrange

for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably

practicable.

16.4

If the Issuer or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the

Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the

payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due

but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.

17.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

17.1

A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way

of a Written Procedure.

17.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00)

per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a

Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the

request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them

jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be

directed to the Trustee and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written

Procedure, as determined by the Trustee. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the

form for decision making, but if it is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter

is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with

at a Holders' Meeting.

17.3

The Trustee may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (a) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the

Holders and such Person has informed the Trustee that an approval will not be given, or (b)

the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

17.4

Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalf of a Holder) from a Person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

17.5

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3)

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for

which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given

pursuant to Clause 19.3:

(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings);

(b) release the Transaction Security in whole or in part;

(c) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;

(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or

(e) amend the provisions in this Clause 17.5 or 17.6.

17.6

Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing

more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are

voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3. This includes, but is not

limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not

require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1(a), (b)

or (c)), or a termination of the Bonds.

17.7

If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the

Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Trustee in a Written

Procedure, will prevail.

17.8
17.9
17.10 17.11 17.12
17.13 17.14 17.15
17.16

Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least twenty (20.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount;
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or

voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.

18.

HOLDERS' MEETING

18.1

The Trustee shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no

later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s)

(or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the

Holder's Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Trustee shall send a copy of the

notice to the Issuer.

18.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in

accordance with Clause 18.1 with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the Holders

pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt

of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1.

18.3

The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (a) time for the meeting, (b) place for the

meeting, (c) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders)

and (d) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may

be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be

required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the

notice.

18.4

The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than

twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.

18.5

If the Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders'

Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting

Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the

Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information

from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been

appointed by the Trustee, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the

requesting Person.

18.6

At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and

the Trustee may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants.

Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and

the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide

that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders'

Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy

or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

18.7

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Trustee

may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote

without attending the meeting in person.

19.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

19.1

The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after

receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary

for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person

who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the

communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the

Trustee shall send a copy of the communication to the Issuer.

19.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 19.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Trustee.

19.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (a) each request for a decision by the

Holders, (b) a description of the reasons for each request, (c) a specification of the Business

Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise

voting rights, (d) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the

request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form

of power of attorney, and (e) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply

to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than

twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting

shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the

communication.

19.4

If the Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written

Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting

Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the

Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information

from the register kept by the CSD.

19.5

When the requisite majority consents of the Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to

Clauses 17.5 and 17.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall

be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.5 or 17.6, as the case may be, even if the

time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

20.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

20.1

The Issuer and the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance

Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;

(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or

20.2 20.3
20.4 21. 21.1 21.1.1
21.1.2
21.1.3 21.1.4 21.1.5

(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Trustee shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Trustee, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE
Appointment of Trustee
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Trustee to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion), or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Trustee provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), as the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee's obligations as agent and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Trustee may act as agent and/or security agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

21.2 21.2.1
21.2.2 21.2.3 21.2.4 21.2.5 21.2.6
21.2.7
21.2.8 21.2.9

Duties of the Trustee
The Trustee shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Trustee is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Trustee shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Trustee.
The Trustee shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Trustee in doing so.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Trustee shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Trustee is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged (a) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (b) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (c) when the Trustee is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds).
The Trustee shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Trustee, as may be necessary in order for the Trustee to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

21.2.10 21.2.11 21.3

If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Trustee shall give a notice to the Holders (a) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents, or (b) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.10.
Limited liability for the Trustee

21.3.1 21.3.2 21.3.3 21.3.4

The Trustee will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Trustee to the Holders, provided that the Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Trustee for that purpose.
The Trustee shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).

21.3.5 21.4

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Trustee

21.4.1 21.4.2

Subject to Clause 21.4.6, the Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Trustee is insolvent or becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten

21.4.3
21.4.4 21.4.5 21.4.6 21.4.7
21.4.8 22. 22.1

(10) Business Days appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Trustee be dismissed and a new Trustee appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Trustee within ninety (90) calendar days after (a) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (b) the Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance by such successor Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Trustee.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Trustee agrees otherwise, the new Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Trustee.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.

22.2

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided

that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the

CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is

dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new

Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with

these Terms and Conditions.

23.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

23.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions

and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.

23.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the

Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as

the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a

negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of

Nasdaq Stockholm. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct

clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om

värdepappersmarknaden).

24.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

24.1

A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or

recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate,

support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction) of the Group Companies in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or a

Subsidiary under the Finance Documents.

24.2

Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Holders in accordance

with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is

unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in

accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such

failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by

the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance

Documents or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.10, such failure must continue for at

least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.11 before a Holder may

take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.

24.3

The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to

claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase

due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option)) or other payments

which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.

25.

TIME-BAR

25.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and

become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive

25.2
26. 26.1 26.1.1

payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Trustee, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Trustee to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Trustee, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Trustee from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD (or in relation to courier or personal delivery, if such address is a box address, the addressee reasonably assumed to be associated with such box address), on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee.

26.1.2
26.1.3 26.2 26.2.1 26.2.2
27. 27.1
27.2 27.3 27.4

Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Trustee and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of email to the Trustee or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 26.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3.3, 11.4, 12.8 (e), 15.6, 16.4, 17.16, 18.1, 19.1, 20.3, 21.2.11 and 21.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 26.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Trustee may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 27 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

28.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

28.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

28.2

Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 28.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

28.3

The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the

Trustee (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court

which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

