Execution version
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SAMHALLSBYGGNADSBOLAGET
I NORDEN AB (PUBL)
SEK 300,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED FIXED RATE NOTES
DUE 2019 ISIN: SE0010869123
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution o f
this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to
observe, any applicable restrictions.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1

Definitions and construction............................................................. 3

2

Status of the Notes........................................................................... 9

3

Use of proceeds...............................................................................10

4

Conditions for settlement of the Notes............................................10

5

Notes in book-entry form.................................................................10

6

Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder............................................ 11

7

Payments in respect of the Notes....................................................12

8

Interest...........................................................................................12

9

Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes.......................................13

10

Information to Noteholders............................................................ 15

11

General Undertakings..................................................................... 16

12

Events of Default.............................................................................19

13

Acceleration of the Notes................................................................ 21

14

Distribution of Proceeds following an Acceleration......................... 22

15

Decisions by Noteholders................................................................ 23

16

Noteholders' Meeting...................................................................... 26

17

Written Procedure.......................................................................... 27

18

Amendments and Waivers.............................................................. 27

19

Appointment and Replacement of the Agent................................... 28

20

Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent...................... 31

21

Appointment and replacement of the C S D ...................................... 32

22

No Direct Actions by Noteholders................................................... 32

23

Prescription.................................................................................... 33

24

Notices and Press releases............................................................. 33

25

Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability........................................ 34

26

Governing Law and Jurisdiction...................................................... 34

2

1

Definitions and construction

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS), within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (as amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.

"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.

"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it as agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Saturday or Sunday or other public holiday. Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.

"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.

"Cash" means immediately available funds in bank or postal accounts.

"Capital Securities" means any subordinated debt instruments issued by the Issuer which are, entirely or partly, (i) treated, or intended to be treated, as equity by Moody's Investor Services Limited and/or Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or (ii) is permitted to be accounted for as equity in

3

accordance with the Accounting Principles at the date of issuance of the relevant subordinated debt instrument(s).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby any person or group of persons acting in concert (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and have the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) have the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form o f Compliance Certificate) and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying:
(a) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and
(b) the ratios and calculations in respect of Interest Coverage Ratio, the Equity Ratio and the Loan to Value.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.
"De-listing Event" means an event or series of events whereby the shares of the Issuer ceases to be listed on a Regulated Market or any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"EBITDA" means, in respect of any Test Period, the aggregate of the profit of the Group on a consolidated basis from ordinary activities according to the latest financial report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Costs;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary or exceptional items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transaction costs relating to any acquisition of any additional target company;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
4

(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation, impairment or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Equity Ratio" means, at any time, the Total Equity of the Group as a percentage of the aggregate value of the Total Assets (in each case calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 12 (Events o f Default).
"Final Maturity Date" means 20 December 2019.
"Finance Costs" means, for any Test Period, the aggregate amount of interest costs, commission, fees, discounts, premiums or charges in respect of borrowings whether paid or accrued by the Group, including all payments relating to the realised net effect of any interest rate hedges but excluding the unrealised effect of any interest rate hedges, fees paid to the Agent pursuant to the terms of these Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement and any unrealised or realised losses pursuant to foreign exchange transactions.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement, any Compliance Certificate and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) monies borrowed (including under any bank financing);
(b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in accordance with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument (including Market Loans);
(e) any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(f) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any
5

actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead); (g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and (h) without double-counting, liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Year" means the annual accounting period of the Issuer.
"Issue Date" means 12 February 2018.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 25.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and each of the Issuer's direct and indirect subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company" and all together the "Group").
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to the Net Finance Cost.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 December 2018 and the relevant Redemption Date. To the extent such Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, interest shall be paid on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 2.90 per cent. per annum.
"Interest Receivable" means, in respect of any relevant Test Period, the amount of interest accrued due to any member of the Group during such Test Period.
6

"Issuer" means Samhällsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556981-7660.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), Reg. No. 516406-0120, SE-105 71 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where (i) the Notes have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within four (4) months after the Issue Date, or (ii) at any time after such listing, the Notes cease to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market).
"Loan to Value" means, at any time, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of:
(a) the outstanding Financial Indebtedness (excluding guarantees and similar arrangements as well as any intra group loans and any Capital Securities) less Cash and cash equivalent investments; to
(b) the aggregate market value of the Properties as set out in the latest quarterly interim report or annual report (as applicable), or, when a Property has been newly acquired, the relevant external market valuations prepared in accordance with Clause 11.11, or, until a valuation is made in accordance with Clause 11.11, the purchase price for such Property.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness, listed or which can be listed on a regulated market, where an entity issues convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds, notes or other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes).
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB (Swedish Reg. No. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Costs" means, in respect of any Test Period, the Finance Costs less Interest Receivables and any interest on any intragroup loans, any capitalised interest on loans granted by shareholders and any prepayment fees in respect of borrowings calculated for the Group on a consolidated basis.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Noteholders'Meeting).
"Note" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation,
7

government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Properties" means all real properties and site leasehold rights owned by any member of the Group from time to time.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution o f proceeds following an Acceleration), or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Test Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.
"Test Period" means each period of twelve months (on a rolling basis) ending on each Test Date.
"Total Assets" means, at any time, the total assets of the Group calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Total Equity" means, at any time, the sum of the total equity of the Group calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles, provided that any Capital Securities shall be deemed equity and not debt when calculating the total equity.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxies incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) the issuance of the Notes and (ii) the listing of the Notes.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Written Procedure).
8

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self regulatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2

When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been

attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the

rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business

Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website

(www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be

used instead.

1.2.3

A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the

public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

1.2.4

No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy

under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or

remedy.

1.2.5

For the purpose of the definition Change of Control Event, "acting in concert" means, a

group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or

informal), actively co-operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in

the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control

of the Issuer.

2

Status of the Notes

2.1

The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these

Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes

and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.

2.2

By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit

from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent

Noteholder confirms such agreement.

9

2.3

The nominal amount of each Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). All

Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal

Amount.

2.4

The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured

obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any

preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, general,

unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those

obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

2.5

The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a

Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such

restrictions at its own cost and expense.

2.6

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or

other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden,

where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and

observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or

the Notes.

3

Use of proceeds

The Issuer shall apply the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes towards general corporate purposes.

4

Conditions for settlement of the Notes

4.1

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the

Issue Date the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions

Precedentfor Settlement o fNotes).

4.2

The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 is

accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual

knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the

contents of any such documentation. The documentation and evidence delivered to the

Agent pursuant to Clause 4.1 are not reviewed by the Agent from a legal or commercial

perspective of the Noteholders.

4.3

The Agent shall immediately confirm in writing to the Issuing Agent when the

conditions in Clause 4.1 have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting

reasonably), after which the Issuing Agent shall procure the settlement of the Notes and

transfer the proceeds to an account as instructed by the Issuer.

5

Notes in book-entry form

5.1

The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts

and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in

10

accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

5.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children

and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register

their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments

Accounts Act.

5.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall

be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD

in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain

such information and provide it to the Agent.

5.4

For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of the

Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the

debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

5.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or

unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.

5.6

The Issuer may use the information referred to in Clause 5.3 and 5.5 only for the

purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the

Finance documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third

party unless necessary for such purposes.

6

Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder

6.1

If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of

authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.

6.2

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it

in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and it may further delegate its right

to represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.

6.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6.2 and may assume that it

has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual

knowledge to the contrary.

11

7

Payments in respect of the Notes

7.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect

of a repurchase of any Notes requested by a Noteholder pursuant to these Terms and

Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the

Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such

other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive

the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

7.2

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or

any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be

effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be

transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the

Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other

obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such

amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant

Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

7.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment,

such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8.4 during such postponement.

7.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the

CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether

such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

7.5

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by

virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

8

Interest

8.1

Each Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (but

excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

8.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Notes

shall be made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding

Interest Period.

8.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months

of 30 days each (30/360-days basis) and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual

number of days.

8.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its

due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the

due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two

(2) percentage units higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be

capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely

attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

12

9 9.1
9.2
9.3 9.3.1 9.3.2
9.4 9.4.1 9.4.2

Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
Issuer's purchase of Notes
The Issuer or any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way at prices aligned with current market prices of the Notes (traded or quoted). The Notes held by the Issuer or any Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold or but not cancelled.
Early redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes on any Business Day falling within one (1) month prior to the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, provided that the Notes are, in whole or in part, refinanced by the Issuer taking up a new Market Loan.
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders and the Agent of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders and the Agent of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date.

13

9.4.3 9.5 9.5.1 9.5.2 9.5.3
9.5.4

A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, De-listing Event or a Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
If Noteholders representing more than ninety (90) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of thirty (30) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period of thirty (30) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.5.3.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.

14

9.5.5 9.5.6 10 10.1 10.1.1
10.1.2
10.1.3

The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled.
Information to Noteholders
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and a management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles, its quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Issuer, and including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant period, the consolidated year-end report (Sw. bokslutskommunike) for such period;
(d) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (and in respect of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event, also the Noteholders) (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure, a De listing Event or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
A notice pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of a Change of

15

10.1.4
10.2
10.3
10.4 10.4.1 10.4.2 11 11.1

Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such a Change of Control Event.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, and whenever the Agent in its sole discretion (acting reasonably) so desires, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate and attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
Information among Noteholders
Upon request by a Noteholder, but subject to applicable laws and regulations and applicable non-disclosure agreements, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Noteholders any information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes. The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.
Publication of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
General Undertakings
Disposals
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the assets or operations of the Group where such disposal is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its payment obligations under the Finance Documents.

16

11.2 11.3
11.4 11.5 11.6 11.7 11.8

Market Loans
The Issuer shall ensure that any Market Loan(s) entered into by a Group Company after the date hereof is not secured or guaranteed by the Issuer or any other Group Company, however the relevant issuing Group Company may provide security over its assets for its Market Loan.
Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that the Group Companies, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market applicable to the Issuer from time to time, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.
Dealings withRelated Parties
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that each Group Company will, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct or indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.
Merger
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, unless (i) between Group Companies (other than the Issuer), or (ii) between the Issuer and a Group Company or any other company, provided that the Issuer is the surviving entity.
Change of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the Issue Date.
Pari Passu Ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that at all times its obligations under the Terms and Conditions rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsubordinated and unsecured creditors, except those whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws of general application.
Maintenance of Properties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, keep the Properties in a good state of repair and maintenance, subject to normal wear and tear and in accordance with normal market practice, and in such repair and condition as will enable each Group Company owning a Property to comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations.

17

11.9 Insurance

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, will keep the Properties insured to an extent which is customary for similar properties on the Swedish market with one or more reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall inter alia include full value insurance and third party liability insurances.

11.10 Dividends

The Issuer shall only be allowed to declare, make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its share capital attributable to common shares or preference shares (or any class of its share capital attributable to common shares or preference shares) (a "Distribution") provided that:
(a) the amount of such Distribution does not exceed fifty (50) per cent. of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous Financial Year; and
(b) the Equity Ratio is not less than thirty (30) per cent. immediately following such Distribution.

11.11 Valuation

The Issuer shall procure that a valuation of the Properties is prepared by a reputable external property appraiser appointed by the Issuer each Financial Year (on a rolling twelve (12) months basis). Such valuation shall be delivered to the Agent once practicable available.

11.12 Financial Covenants

11.12.1

The Financial Covenants set out below apply to the Group and shall be tested and measured from the Issue Date with the first Test Date being 31 March 2018. (a) The Interest Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.5:1. (b) The Equity Ratio shall not be less than twenty (20) per cent. at all times. (c) The Loan to Value shall not exceed eighty (80) per cent. at any time.

11.12.2 The financial covenants set out in Clause 11.12.1 above will be tested on each Test Date, and in respect of the Interest Coverage Ratio, for the relevant Test Period.

11.12.3

For the purpose of determining compliance with the financial covenants set out above the twelve (12) month periods ending within twelve (12) months after any acquisition will include (by way of aggregation) the annualised actual consolidated results of the acquired target company for the initial part of the twelve (12) month period even though it was not then a part of the group, and actual net interest, interest paid and interest received for the period from completion of the relevant acquisition to the relevant testing date, will be annualised over the entire twelve (12) month period.

18

11.13 Admission to trading

The Issuer intends, and shall use its best efforts, to (i) list the Notes on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admit the Notes to trading on another Regulated Market within thirty (30) calendar days from the Issue Date, and (ii) ensure that the Notes, once admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Notes in close connection to the redemption of the Notes and taking into account that if the Notes are listed on another Regulated Market than Nasdaq Stockholm, the Issuer may always apply for a change of listing to Nasdaq Stockholm).

11.14 Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement

11.14.1

The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.

11.14.2

The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders.

11.15 Undertakings relating to the CSD

The Issuer shall at all times keep the Notes affiliated with a CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations.

12

Events of Default

Each of the events or circumstances set out in Clauses 12.1 to 12.10 is an Event of Default.

12.1

Non-Payment The Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment: (a) is caused by technical or administrative error; and (b) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date.

12.2

Other obligations
The Issuer or any other person (other than the Agent) does not comply with any terms or conditions of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms

19

12.3 12.4 12.5 12.6 12.6.1
12.6.2

referred to in Clause 12.1 above and the undertakings set out in Clause 11.13, unless the non-compliance:
(a) is capable of remedy; and
(b) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance.
Misrepresentation
Any representation or statement made or deemed to be made by a Group Company in the Finance Documents or any other document delivered by or on behalf of any Group Company under or in connection with any Finance Document is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
Impossibility or illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to perform any of its obligations under the Finance Documents or any Finance Documents is not, or ceases to be, legal, valid, binding or enforceable and the cessation individually or cumulatively materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.
Insolvency
Any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent.
Insolvency proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any member of the Group, other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Group Company which is not the Issuer;
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or other similar officer in respect of any member of the Group or any of its assets, other than in connection with a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Group Company which is not the Issuer; or
(c) enforcement of any Security over any assets of any member of the Group, or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, where the amount of such Security exceeds SEK 50,000,000 or the equivalent of any other currency.
Clause 12.6.1 shall not apply to any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step taken which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) days of commencement.

20

12.7

Mergers and demergers
A decision is made that any Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company, unless the merger or demerger is (i) between Group Companies (other than the Issuer), or (ii) between the Issuer and a Group Company or any other company, provided that the Issuer is the surviving entity.

12.8

Creditors' process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, which affects any asset of a Group Company having an aggregate value of SEK 50,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) calendar days.

12.9

Cross acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity, as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph 12.9 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness is less than SEK 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).

12.10

Cessation of business
Any Group Company suspends or ceases to carry on (or threatens to suspend or cease to carry on) all or a material part of its business.

13

Acceleration of the Notes

13.1

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, and for as long as such event is continuing,

the Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or

Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount

(such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the

Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the

Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following

an instruction given pursuant to Clause 13.4, on behalf of the Noteholders (i) by notice

to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable

together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or

at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights,

remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.

13.2

The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to

a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

13.3

The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of

Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of

Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the

21

Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.

13.4

If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly

declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the

Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the

Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

13.5

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for

cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.

13.6

In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 13 the Issuer

shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal

Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest.

14

Distribution of Proceeds following an Acceleration

14.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following

an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 13 (Acceleration o f the Notes)

shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the

instructions of the Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement and the other Finance Documents (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.2.5, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15.15, together with default interest in accordance with Clause 8.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including default interest in accordance with Clause 8.4 on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Notes.

22

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

14.2

If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities

referred to in Clause 14.1(a), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to

reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with

Clause 14.1(a).

14.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration

of the Notes constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a

separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested

parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this

Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.

14.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least ten (10)

Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Redemption

Date, the amounts to be paid and also the Record Date on which a person shall be

registered as Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date

specified in Clause 7.1 shall apply.

15

Decisions by Noteholders

15.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting or by way o f a Written Procedure.

15.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten

(10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made

by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on

which the request is received by the Agent and shall, i f made by several Noteholders, be

made by them jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting or by way o f a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person

requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the

Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting

than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.

15.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to

the Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be

given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

15.4

Should the Agent not convene a Noteholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure

in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 15.3 being applicable,

the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) requesting a decision by the Noteholders may convene

such Noteholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be,

instead. The Issuer shall upon request provide the convening Noteholder(s) with the

information available in the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes in

23

order to convene and hold the Noteholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

15.5

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders' Meeting

in accordance with Clause 16.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending

communication in accordance with Clause 17.1, in both cases with a copy to the Agent.

After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 19.4.3, the Issuer shall no later

than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be

necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in

accordance with Clause 16.1. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a

Noteholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the

Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append

information from the Agent together with the a notice or the communication.

15.6

Only a person who is registered as a Noteholder, or who has been provided with a

power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to act on behalf o f a Noteholder) from a

person who is registered as a Noteholder at the following times:

(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 16.2, in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 17.2, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount. Such Business Day specified pursuant to (a) or (b) above must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the notice or communication, as the case may be.

15.7

The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least two

thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a

Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.2:

(a) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.4 to 2.6;

(b) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;

(c) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 14 (Distribution o f proceeds);

(d) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders' consent set out in this Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders);

(e) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(f) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities; and

(g) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 13 (Acceleration o f the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

24

15.8 15.9
15.10
15.11 15.12 15.13 15.14

Any matter not covered by Clause 15.7 shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.2. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 18.1(a) or (b)) and an acceleration of the Notes.
Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 15.7, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If quorum exists for some but not all of the matter to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matter for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 16.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 17.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 15.10, the date of request of the second Noteholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 16.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 17.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 15.9 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or
25

15.15 15.16
15.17
16 16.1
16.2
16.3 16.4

represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each person registered as a Noteholder on the date referred to in Clause 15.6(a) or 15.6(b), as the case may be, and also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
Noteholders' Meeting
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
The notice pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include the (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) day on which a person must be a Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

26

16.5

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe

such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting

as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for

Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

17

Written Procedure

17.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no

later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the

Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a

Noteholder on the a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5)

Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.

17.2

A communication pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision

by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification

of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be

entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a

form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for

each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period

within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least

ten (10) Business Days and not longer than twenty (20) Business Days from the

effective date of communication pursuant to Clause 17.1). If the voting shall be made

electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

17.3

When consents from Noteholders representing the requisite majority of the total

Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 15.7 and 15.8 have been received in a

Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to

Clause 15.7 and 15.8, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the

Written Procedure has not yet expired.

18

Amendments and Waivers

18.1

The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to amend the

Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders as a group, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or

(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders).

18.2

The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any

amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the

substance of the amendment.

18.3

The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made

in accordance with Clause 18.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or

27

18.4 19 19.1 19.1.1
19.1.2
19.1.3 19.1.4 19.1.5 19.2 19.2.1 19.2.2

waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 10.4 (Publication o f Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, including the winding up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. The Agent is not responsible for the content, due execution, legal validity, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest

28

of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.

19.2.3

The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.

19.2.4

The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

19.2.5

The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default, (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o f proceeds).

19.2.6

The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

19.2.7

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

19.2.8

If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer or the Noteholders (as applicable), the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

19.2.9

The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2.8.

19.2.10

The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders or any other person.

29

19.2.11

The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred.

19.2.12

Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

19.3 Limited liability for the Agent

19.3.1

The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

19.3.2

The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts addressed to the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.

19.3.3

The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

19.3.4

The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders) or a demand by Noteholders given pursuant to Clause 13.1.

19.3.5

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.

19.3.6

The Agent is not liable for information provided to the Noteholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or by any other person.

19.4 Replacement of the Agent

19.4.1

Subject to Clause 19.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.

19.4.2

Subject to Clause 19.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

30

19.4.3
19.4.4 19.4.5 19.4.6 19.4.7
19.4.8
20 20.1 20.2

A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall

31

immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

20.3

The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such

agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be

necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance

Documents.

21

Appointment and replacement of the CSD

21.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and

Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations

applicable to the Notes.

21.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the

Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same

time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does

not have a negative effect on any Noteholder or the listing of the Notes on the

Regulated Market. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct

clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act and be authorised as a central

securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act.

22

No Direct Actions by Noteholders

22.1

A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any Group

Company to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance

Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation,

company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or

its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the obligations

and liabilities of the Issuer or any such Group Company under the Finance Documents.

Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.

22.2

Clause 22.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in

accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason

to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to

provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1.2), such actions within a reasonable

period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take

certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due

to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason

described in Clause 19.2.8, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business

Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2.9 before a Noteholder may take any action

referred to in Clause 22.1.

22.3

The provisions of Clause 22.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's

right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.5 (Mandatory

repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event, a Listing Failure or a De-listing Event

(put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all

Noteholders.

32

23 23.1 23.2 24 24.1 24.1.1
24.1.2
24.1.3

Prescription
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
Notices and Press releases
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Noteholder in order to receive the communication (or if not applicable, the Business Day prior to dispatch), and by either courier delivery or letter for all Noteholders. A notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (or, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 24.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 24.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 24.1.1.
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.

33

24.1.4 24.2 24.2.1
24.2.2
25 25.1
25.2 25.3 25.4 26 26.1 26.2

Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Early redemption (Call Option), 9.4 (Early Redemption due to illegality), 10.1.2, 15.17, 16.1, 17.1 and 18.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 24.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Issuer contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt).

34

W e hereby certify that the above term s and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: & D ate:
SAMHALLSBYGGNADSBOLAGET I NORDEN AB (PUBL) as Issuer
Name: / ( J p t f W e hereby undertake to act in accordance w ith the above term s and conditions to the extent they refer to us. P la c e : D ate:
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent
N am e:
35

W e hereby certify that the above term s and conditions are binding upon ou rselves.
P la c e : D ate:
SAMHALLSBYGGNADSBOLAGETI NORDEN AB (PUBL) as Issuer

N am e:

W e hereby undertake to act in accordance w ith the above term s and conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place: S V o C ^ V o \ v ^

Date:

V ' 0 X 'O S~

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)

35

Schedule 1 Conditions Precedent for Settlement of the Notes

1

Documents and agreements

(a) A copy of the constitutional documents of the Issuer;

(b) A copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other persons authorised to exercise the relevant powers of the Issuer, approving the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents and resolving that it execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Finance Documents and all related documents to which it is or will become a party;

(c) a copy of the executed Agency Agreement;

(d) a copy of the executed Terms and Conditions; and

(e) a copy of an executed Compliance Certificate, however, only certifying that so far as the Issuer is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.

36

Schedule 2 Form of Compliance Certificate

To: From: Dated:

Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) [·]

Dear Sirs,

Terms and conditions for Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB (publ) with respect to the SEK 300,000,000 senior unsecured fixed rate notes due 2019 (the "Terms and Conditions")

(1)

We refer to the Terms and Conditions. This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms defined

in the Terms and Conditions have the same meaning when used in this Compliance

Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate.

(2)

We confirm that:

(a) The Loan to Value on the Test Date [ date] , was [·];

(b) The Interest Coverage Ratio on the Test Date [ date] , was [·]; and

(c) The Equity Ratio on the Test Date [ date] , was [·].

(3)

We set out below calculations establishing the figures in paragraph (2):

[·]

(4)

We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing. [I f this statement cannot be made,

the certificate should identify any Event o f Default that is continuing and the steps, if

any, being taken to remedy it.]

(5)

[Attached hereto you will find copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market. ]

SAMHALLSBYGGNADSBOLAGET I NORDEN AB (PUBL)

[·]

[·]

37

