Execution version
©et gam ing
Terms and Conditions
Net Gaming Europe AB (publ) SEK 200,000,000
Senior Secured Fixed Rate Bonds
ISIN: SESE0008348221 13 October 2016
Other than the registration of the Bonds under Swedish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession,
circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose
possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
W/4506198/v1

I
Table of Contents
1. Definitions and Construction.........................................................................................1 2. Status of the Bonds..................................................................................................... 12 3. Use of Proceeds...........................................................................................................12 4. Conditions Precedent.................................................................................................. 12 5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form........................................................................................... 14 6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder....................................................................... 14 7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds...............................................................................15 8. Interest........................................................................................................................ 15 9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds.................................................................. 16 10. Amortisation................................................................................................................17 11. Transaction Security and Guarantee........................................................................... 18 12. Information to Bondholders........................................................................................18 13. Financial Testing......................................................................................................... 20 14. General Undertakings ................................................................................................. 21 15. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds.........................................................23 16. Distribution of Proceeds.............................................................................................. 26 17. Decisions by Bondholders............................................................................................26 18. Bondholders' Meeting................................................................................................. 29 19. Written Procedure...................................................................................................... 30 20. Amendments and Waivers..........................................................................................30 21. Appointment and Replacement of theAgent...............................................................31 22. Appointment and Replacement of theIssuing Agent....................................................35 23. No Direct Actions by Bondholders.............................................................................. 35 24. Prescription.................................................................................................................35 25. Notices........................................................................................................................36 26. Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability.................................................................... 37 27. Governing Law and Jurisdiction...................................................................................37

1
1. Definitions and Construction
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on 14 June 2016, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as agent and security agent, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bonds" means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Call Option" means the Issuer's right to redeem outstanding Bonds in full in accordance with Clause 9.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption (call option)).

2
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 106.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date to, but not including, the date falling twenty-four (24) months after the Issue Date; and
(b) 103.90 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling twenty-four (24) months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date.
(c) 101.30 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby:
(d) the Main Shareholder decrease its ownership to such extent it no longer controls the Group unless such decrease in ownership occurs in connection to one or several equity issues amounting to an accumulated amount of minimum of SEK 100,000,000; or
(e) one or more persons, acting together, acquire control over the Group;
and in both cases "control" means (a) directly or indirectly, controlling more than 50.00 per cent. of the voting shares of the Group, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Group.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and which includes calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
"Convertible Loan" means the SEK 140,000,000, fixed coupon of 9.50 per cent., due on 15 October 2019, subordinated convertible loan issued by the Issuer on or about 12 October 2016.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"De-listing Event" means the occurrence of an event whereby:
(a) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on a MTF or any Regulated Market; or
(b) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive banking days.

3
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary or exceptional items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transaction costs relating to any acquisition of any additional target company;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation, impairment or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Escrow Account" means means a bank account of the Issuer, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the bondholders (represented by the Agent).
"Existing Shareholder Loan" means the existing shareholder loan in an approximate amount of SEK 2,235,000 granted to the Issuer by the Main Shareholder (directly or indirectly) before the Issue Date.
"EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

4
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses 15.1 (Non-Payment) to and including Clause 15.12 (Continuation of Business).
"Final Redemption Date" means 13 September 2019.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, capitalised interest in respect of any loan owing to any member of the Group or any Shareholder Loan and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, the Security Documents, any Subordination Agreement, the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Agent.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the accounting principles applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)- (f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).

5
"Financial Reports" means the Group's annual audited consolidated financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports of the Group, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 12 (Information to the Bondholders).
"First Call Date" means the date falling 18 months after the Issue Date.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26(a).
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means the guarantee provided by the Guarantors under the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement.
"Guarantee and Adherence Agreement" means the guarantee and adherence agreement dated on or about the Issue Date between the Guarantors and the Agent pursuant to which the Guarantors guarantee the Secured Obligations and adhere to these Terms and Conditions.
"Guarantors" means:
(a) the Target;
(b) Rock Intention Malta Ltd., a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta with company registration number C-49286;
(c) Match Publications Malta Ltd., a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta with company registration number C-49465
(d) Chance Publications Malta Ltd., a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta with company registration number C-49284;and
(e) Poker Loco Malta Ltd., a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta with company registration number C-51645.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8(a) to 8(c).
"Interest Payment Date" means 13 April and 13 October each year (with the first Interest Payment Date on 13 April 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the

6
Final Redemption Date), or to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day (no adjustments of Business Day).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 13.00 per cent. per annum.
"Issue Date" means 13 October 2016.
"Issuer" means Net Gaming Europe AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556693-7255.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Make Whole Amount" means a price equivalent to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 106.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments, less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the First Call Date,
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Main Shareholder" means Henrik Kvick, Swedish personal identity number (personnummer) 770817-7832.
"Maintenance Test" means the financial test as set out in Clause 13.1 (Maintenance Test).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions.

7
"Material Group Company" means each of the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"MTF" means any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents of the Group in accordance with the applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding guarantees, bank guarantees, Shareholder Loans, the Convertible Loan and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that their respective fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Bond the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partly amortised in accordance with Clause 10 (Amortisation).
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Bonds;
(b) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(c) taken up from a Group Company;
(d) of the Group under any guarantee issued by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;
(e) arising under a foreign exchange transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;

8
(f) arising under any interest rate hedging transactions in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(g) related to any Shareholder Loans or the Convertible Loan;
(h) incurred under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(i) of the Group under any pension or tax liabilities of the Group incurred in the ordinary course of business; and
(j) any other Financial Indebtedness not covered under (a)-(i) above in an aggregate maximum amount of SEK 5,000,000.
"Permitted Security" means any security:
(a) provided under the Finance Documents;
(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(c) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(d) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial derivatives transactions or bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements;
(e) provided for foreign exchange transactions or interest rate hedging transactions set out in paragraph (e) and (f) of the definition Permitted Debt;
(f) provided for any guarantees issued by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business; and
(g) provided for any Financial Indebtedness incurred under (j) of the definition of Permitted Debt.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution of Proceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.

9
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds).
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent, whether owed jointly, severally or in any other capacity whatsoever and whether originally incurred by the Issuer or by some other person) of the Issuer and each other Group Company to the Secured Parties under each of the Finance Documents, together with all costs, charges and expenses incurred by any Secured Party in connection with the protection, preservation or enforcement of its respective rights under the Finance Documents, or any other document evidencing or securing any such liabilities.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent, the Bondholders and the Agent (including in its capacity as Agent under the Agency Agreement).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ).
"Security Documents" means the following security documents pursuant to which the Transaction Security is created:
(a) an assignment agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent in respect of the receivable under the intercompany loan with the Issuer as creditor and the Target as debtor arising for the purposes of repayment of the Vendor Loan;
(b) a first ranking pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent in respect of all the shares currently issued in the Target;
(c) a first ranking pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent in respect of all the shares currently issued in Poker Loco Malta Ltd.;
(d) a first ranking pledge agreement entered into by the Target and the Agent in respect of all the shares currently issued in Rock Intention Malta Ltd.,
(e) a first ranking pledge agreement entered into by the Target and the Agent in respect of all the shares currently issued in Match Publications Malta Ltd., and

10
(f) a first ranking pledge agreement entered into by the Target and the Agent in respect of all the shares currently issued in Chance Publications Malta Ltd.; and
(g) any other document designated as a Security Document by the Issuer and the Agent.
"Shareholder Loans" means the Existing Shareholder Loan and any other shareholder loan (excluding the Convertible Loan) to the Issuer if (a) according to its terms and pursuant to a Subordination Agreement, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (c) according to its terms yield only paymentin-kind interest, other than interest that is permitted to be payable under clause 14.2 (Distributions).
"Sole Bookrunner" means Pareto Securities AB.
"Subordination Agreement" means a subordination agreement between, among others, the Agent, the Issuer and any creditor with respect to Shareholder Loans.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any entity (whether incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen 2005:551).
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means:
(a) the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 August 2017 (series 1051) and the SGB 12 March 2019 (series 1052) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on or about 11.00 am on the date of the notification of redemption; or
(b) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (a), the SGB rate which the Issuing Agent deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably); and
if any such rate is below zero, the Swedish Government Bond Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Target" means HLM Malta Ltd., a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Malta with company registration number C-75337.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxies incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) the issuance of the Bonds, (ii) the listing of the Bonds, and (iii) the acquisition of the Target.

11
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.
"Vendor Loan" means the existing loan in an approximate amount of USD 11,000,000 granted to the Target by the seller of the Target.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
(v) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and
(vi) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
(b) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(d) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.

12
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The initial nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds is SEK 200,000,000. All Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
(d) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(e) The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
(f) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.
3. Use of Proceeds
The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Bonds, less the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Bonds, to (i) repay the Vendor Loan by way of on-lending funds to the Target, (ii) finance the acquisition of the Target, (iii) pay Transaction Costs and (iv) to finance general corporate purposes.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected.
(b) The Agent's approval of the disbursement of the Net Proceeds from the Escrow Account is subject to the following documents being received by the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to it (acting reasonably), that the following actions have been taken and that the following events have occurred:

13
(i) certificate of registration, articles of association and copy of the relevant board minutes for the Issuer and each other party to a Finance Document;
(ii) corporate resolutions for the Issuer and each entity granting Transaction Security;
(iii) agreed form Compliance Certificate;
(iv) evidence through a flow of funds statement that the Vendor Loan will be repaid immediately following disbursement;
(v) evidence that the Finance Documents have been duly executed;
(vi) evidence that the Transaction Security has been duly provided and perfected or will be perfected in accordance with the terms of each relevant Security Document, as soon as possible but in any event no later than one (1) Business Day following disbursement;
(vii) evidence that the Convertible Loan has been extended to the Issuer (to be evidenced by a bank account statement and an executed set-off agreement entered to by the Issuer and the seller of the Target);
(viii) evidence that all closing conditions for the acquisition of the Target (except for payment of the purchase price) have been satisfied or waived and that the acquisition will be consummated immediately upon disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account (subject to mandatory registrations and filings) (to be evidenced by a certificate issued by the seller of the Target and the Issuer); and
(ix) a legal opinion on the validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents issued by a reputable law firm in each jurisdiction where Transaction Security will be granted or where a Guarantor or a Transaction Security provider is incorporated.
(c) The Agent may assume that documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4(b) is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation. The documents delivered to the Agent pursuant to Clause 4(b) are not reviewed by the Agent from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.
(d) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have been fulfilled (or, in relation to paragraph (b)(vi) above, documentation has been provided evidencing that it will be fulfilled one (1) Business Day following disbursement) to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Issuer holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and transfer any residual funds of the Net Proceeds on the Escrow Account to the bank account specified by the Issuer.

14
(e) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within thirty (30) Business Days from the Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and the funds on the Escrow Account shall in such case be applied to redeem the Bonds on behalf of the Issuer. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(e). The redemption date shall fall no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the ending of the thirty (30) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
6. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

15
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.
7. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.
(b) If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Bondholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8(d) during such postponement.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
8. Interest
(a) Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

16
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is 2.00 per cent. higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
9. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
9.1 Redemption at Maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Redemption Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
9.2 Issuer's Purchase of Bonds
Each Group Company may, subject to applicable law, any time purchase Bonds, provided that any Bond purchased by a Group Company (other than the Issuer) will promptly be surrendered to the Issuer for cancellation. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
9.3 Voluntary Total Redemption (call option)
(a) The Issuer may redeem early all, but not some only, of the Bonds on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Make Whole Amount or the Call Option Amount (as applicable) together with accrued but unpaid interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfillment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
9.4 Mandatory Redemption due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be redeemed at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Delisting Event (as applicable) pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) (after which time period such right shall

17

lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(c) shall specify the redemption date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be redeemed. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant Bonds and the redemption amount shall fall due on the redemption date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(c). The redemption date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.4(a).
(c) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the redemption of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.4 by virtue of the conflict.
(d) Any Bonds redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
10. Amortisation

(a) The Issuer shall repay the Nominal Amount in the amounts and at the dates set out in table below (taking into account Clause 10(b)):

Amortisation date

Amortisation amount

13 April 2017

SEK 10,000,000 (or the nearest possible amount taking into account Clause 10(b))

13 October 2017

SEK 10,000,000 (or the nearest possible amount taking into account Clause 10(b))

13 April 2018

SEK 10,000,000 (or the nearest possible amount taking into account Clause 10(b))

13 October 2018

SEK 10,000,000 (or the nearest possible amount taking into account Clause 10(b))

13 April 2019

SEK 10,000,000 (or the nearest possible amount taking into account Clause 10(b))

(b) Any amortisation pursuant to Clause 10(a) shall be made as partial prepayments of all outstanding Bonds (at 105.00 per cent. of par value) by way of reducing

18
the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 100.00).
(c) The remaining outstanding amount under the Bonds shall be redeemed on the Final Redemption Date.
11. Transaction Security and Guarantee
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer, the Target and the Guarantors (subject to applicable corporate law limitations) grants on or about the Issue Date the Transaction Security and the Guarantee to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent.
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security and the Guarantee on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents and the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement. The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents on or about the Issue Date.
(c) In respect of any Maltese law governed Transaction Security, the Agent shall hold such Transaction Security as security trustee and for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
(d) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee, creating further Security or Guarantee for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Secured Parties.
12. Information to Bondholders
12.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer shall make the following information available in the English language to the Bondholders by publication on the website of the Issuer:
(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;

19
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors; and
(iii) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are listed.
(b) When and for as long as the Bonds are been listed, the reports referred to in Clause 12.1(a) shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ Stockholm (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act.
(c) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Bondholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
(d) When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 12.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.
(e) The Issuer shall issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) in connection with each Financial Report, and (ii) at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) days from such request.
(f) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 12.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including

20
entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 12.1.
12.2 Information from the Agent
(a) The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
12.3 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
(b) The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
13. Financial Testing
13.1 Maintenance Test
The Issuer shall ensure that at all times the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than:
(a) 4.00 from and including the Issue Date to and excluding the date falling 1 year after the Issue Date;
(b) 3.50 from and including the date falling one (1) year after the Issue Date to and excluding the date falling two (2) years after the Issue Date; and
(c) 3.00 from and including the date falling two (2) years after the Issue Date to and excluding the Final Redemption Date,
calculated in accordance with the calculation principles set out in Clause 13.3 (Calculation Adjustments) on a consolidated basis and based on the most recently delivered Financial Report.
13.2 Testing
The calculation of the Maintenance Test shall be made in connection with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate.
13.3 Calculation Adjustments
(a) The figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Reference Period shall be used for the Maintenance Test, but adjusted so that entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Reference Period, or after the end of the Reference Period but before the relevant testing date, shall

21
be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Reference Period.
(b) The figures for Net Interest Bearing Debt set out in the financial statements as of the most recent quarter date (including when necessary, financial statements published before the Issue Date), shall be used, but adjusted so that Net Interest Bearing Debt for such period shall be:
(i) reduced to reflect any Net Interest Bearing Debt attributable to a disposed entity or which has been repaid, repurchased or otherwise discharged as a result of or in connection with a disposal of an entity (to the extent such Net Interest Bearing Debt is included in the relevant financial statements); and
(ii) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Bearing Debt directly attributable to any Financial Indebtedness owed by acquired entities calculated as if all such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant Reference Period.
14. General Undertakings
14.1 General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 14 for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
14.2 Distributions
(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will:
(i) pay any dividend in respect of its shares;
(ii) repurchase any of its own shares;
(iii) redeem or reduce its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders;
(iv) repay or pay interest under any Shareholder Loans;
(v) grant any loans except to Group Companies; or
(vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the Issuer's; or its Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders,
(the items (i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment") provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made by any of the Issuer's Subsidiaries if such Restricted Payment is made to the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis.

22
(b) Notwithstanding clause 14.2(a), up to 50.00 per cent. of the Convertible Loan may be repaid by the Issuer provided that:
(i) the Issuer has, before such repayment is made, received an equity injection in at least the equivalent amount of the repayment on the Convertible Loan (including the payment of any interest); and
(ii) no Event of Default is continuing or would be triggered as a result of such repayment.
(c) Notwithstanding clause 14.2(a), the Issuer may make interest payments under the Convertible Loan (in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Loan).
14.3 Listing
(a) The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that the Bonds are listed at the corporate bond list on First North Stockholm no later than thirty (30) days after the Issue Date and the Issuer shall take all reasonable measures to ensure that the Bonds are listed accordingly, provided that the Bonds shall in any case be listed within sixty (60) days after the Issue Date and shall take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on First North Stockholm, continue being listed on First North Stockholm until a replacing listing in accordance with Clause 14.3(b) has been made.
(b) The Issuer shall ensure that the listing referred to in Clause 14.3(a) is replaced by the Bonds being listed at the corporate bond list on NASDAQ Stockholm no later than one (1) year after the Issue Date and shall take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on NASDAQ Stockholm, continue being listed on NASDAQ Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of NASDAQ Stockholm and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
14.4 Nature of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group (following the acquisition of the Target) if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.5 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, incur any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and its Subsidiaries have a right to incur Financial Indebtedness that constitutes Permitted Debt.
14.6 Disposal of Assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or that Subsidiary's assets, or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries,

23
unless the transaction is carried out on market terms and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction and, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably).
14.7 Dealings with Related Parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders on arm's length terms.
14.8 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
14.9 Acquisition Payments
The Issuer may not make earn-out payments relating to the acquisition of the Target in an amount exceeding an aggregate of EUR 13,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
15. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 15 (other than Clause 15.13 (Acceleration of the Bonds)) is an Event of Default.
15.1 Non-Payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
15.2 Subordination
The Issuer's obligations under the Convertible Loan are no longer effectively fully subordinated to the Secured Obligations.
15.3 Convertible Loan
The terms of the Convertible Loan are amended, altered, replaced or in any way changed without the prior written consent of the Agent.

24
15.4 Other Obligations
The Issuer does not comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out under clause 15.1 (Non-Payment), clause 15.2 (Subordination) and clause 15.3 (Convertible Loan) above, provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) banking days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds due and payable without such prior written request).
15.5 Maintenance Test
The Issuer fails to comply with the Maintenance Test.
15.6 Cross-Acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this clause 15.6 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.
15.7 Insolvency
(a) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors generally (except for holders of Bonds) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.
15.8 Insolvency Proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised, and (ii) in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material

25
Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company.
15.9 Mergers and Demergers
A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged.
15.10 Creditors' Process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) days.
15.11 Impossibility or Illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfill or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
15.12 Continuation of the Business
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.13 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) If the Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(c) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(d) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15.13, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond

26
together with a premium on the due and payable amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the Make Whole Amount.
16. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantee shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(i) first, in or towards payment of the Agent under the Agency Agreement, including all costs and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents;
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment of accrued interest unpaid under the Bonds;
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment of principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment of any other costs or outstanding amounts under and the Bonds.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably practicable.
17. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the

27
decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 6 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19(c), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
(e) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19(c):
(i) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 14 (General Undertakings)
(ii) releasing or materially changing the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee;
(iii) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(iv) amend any payment day for principal or interest amount or waive any breach of a payment undertaking,
(v) amend the provisions regarding the majority requirements under these Terms and Conditions; or
(vi) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(f) Any matter not covered by Clause 17(e) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal

28
Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19(c). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20(a)(i) or (20(a)(ii))), an acceleration of the Bonds, or the enforcement of any Transaction Security or Guarantee.
(g) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 17(e), and otherwise 20.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(h) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17(g) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(i) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
(j) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
(k) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(l) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.

29
(m) All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(n) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(o) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
18. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18(a).
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 18(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

30
19. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 19(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 19(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 19(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17(e) and 17(f) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17(e) or 17(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
20. Amendments and Waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(iii) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(b) The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 12.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any

31
amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
(c) An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
21. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
21.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security and the Guarantee.
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf, as set forth in Clause 21.1(a).
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent) that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may only act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies where these issues are ranked pari passu and do not otherwise entail any obvious conflicts of interest for the Agent.
21.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and Guarantee pursuant to the Security Documents and the Guarantee and Adherence

32
Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security or the Guarantee on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) The Agent's duties under these Terms and Conditions are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions. In particular, the Agent is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(c) The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(d) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(e) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care.
(f) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(g) The Agent is always entitled, at the expense of the Issuer, to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents and/or related documents including (but not limited to) (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) or for the purpose of investigating or considering (A) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (B) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(h) Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

33
(i) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(j) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer or the Bondholders (as applicable), the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
21.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts addressed to the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
(d) The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders or to the Issuer (or any other person) for damage caused by the Agent when acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders.
(e) The Issuer is liable for, and shall indemnify the Agent fully in respect of, all losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Agent as a result of negligence by the Issuer (including its directors, management, officers, employees, agents and representatives) to fulfil its obligations under the Finance Document or otherwise towards the Agent.
(f) The Agent is not liable for information provided to the Bondholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or by any other person.
(g) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.

34
21.4 Replacement of the Agent
(a) Subject to Clause 21.4(f), the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
(b) Subject to Clause 21.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(e) The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.

35
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.
22. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
23. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantee to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.
(b) Clause 23(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders to take certain actions but is legally unable to take such actions.
24. Prescription
(a) The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the

36
date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
25. Notices
25.1 Notices
(a) Subject to Clause 24(d), any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(i) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch;
(ii) if to the Issuer, to the following address:
Net Gaming Europe AB (publ) P.O. Box 7385 103 91 Stockholm Sweden
(iii) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD (or in relation to courier or personal delivery, if such address is a box address, the addressee reasonably assumed to be associated with such box address), on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders.
(b) Any notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
(c) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 25.1(a) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25.1(a).
(d) If an Event of Default is continuing, any notice or other communication made by the Agent to the Issuer under or in connection with the Finance Documents may, provided that the Agent deems it necessary in order to preserve the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, be sent by email and will be effective on the day of dispatch (unless a delivery failure message was received by the Agent), save that any notice or other communication sent by email that is sent after 5.00 pm in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day. Any notice or other communication to be sent by email by the Agent to the Issuer in accordance with this paragraph (c) shall be sent to the CFO or the CEO of the Issuer, to the email addresses most recently notified by the Issuer to the Agent.

37
26. Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
(a) Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
(b) The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
(c) Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
(d) The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
27. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt).

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date: 13 October 2016
Net Gaming Europe AB (publ) as Issuer

Name:

,w \ a v \

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date: 13 October 2016
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent
Name:

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date: 13 October 2016 Net Gaming Europe AB (publ) as Issuer
Name:
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date: 13 October 2016 Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Ag«
Narrm:
Christo: r Andersson VD/CEO

