Dated 21 June 2011
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FERRONORDIC MACHINES AB'S
MAXIMUM SEK 400,000,000 12.00% BONDS 2011/2014, SERIES NO. 1, ISIN SE0004020766
The distribution of this document and the private placement of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Company to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exemptions, the Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

Index

1

Definitions.....................................................................................................................................2

2

The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments.................................................. 6

3

Status............................................................................................................................................6

4

Interest..........................................................................................................................................6

5

Bonds in book-entry form .............................................................................................................6

6

Redemption of the Bonds and payments.....................................................................................6

7

Default interest.................

7

8

Early redemption in the event of change of control etc................................................................7

9

Early redemption by the Company...............................................................................................8

10 Special undertakings............................................................................

8

11 Acceleration of the Bonds..........................................................................................................10

12 Holders' meeting etc.....................................................................................................................13

13 The Agent............................

15

14 Amendments of the conditions.................................................................................................... 16

15 Prescription................................................................................................................................. 17

16 Allocation of payments................................................................................................................ 17

17 Notices............................

17

18 Nominee registration..........................................................

17

19 Limitation of liability etc.................................................................................................................18

20 Governing law and jurisdiction....................

18

1
dr

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FERRONORDIC MACHINES AB

MAXIMUM SEK 400,000,000 12.00% BONDS 2011/2014, SERIES NO. 1, ISIN SE0004020766

1 Definitions

For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply:

"Account Operator1'

means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) and through which a Holder has opened a VP Account in respect of the Bonds;

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of the Bonds not held by the Company or any person or persons who, directly or indirectly, have decisive influence over the Company, or over whom the Company, directly or indirectly, has decisive influence, in each case from time to time;

"Agent"

means CorpNordic Sweden AB, corp. reg. no. 556625-5476, PO Box 16285, SE-103 25 Stockholm; or any other agent which from time to time represents the Holders pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;

"Affiliated Persons"

means any person or legal entity, directly or indirectly, owning shares in or in any other way controlling the Founder Company;

"Asset Purchase Agreement"

means an asset purchase agreement originally dated 27 April 2010 (as amended from time to time) between, inter alios, certain members of the Group and ZAO Volvo Vostok and OOO Volvo Technical Service Centers as sellers (the "Sellers") regarding certain assets of the Sellers;

"Banking Day"

means a day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday or which in respect of payment of promissory notes is not equal to a public holiday in Sweden;

"Bond"

means a freely transferable debt instrument of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) and which has been issued by the Company pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;

"Cash and Cash Equivalents"

means sum of the Group's total cash in hand, credit on account, cash deposits, other short-term liquid investments in commercial paper and other cash equivalents on consolidated basis according to IFRS;

"Change of Control"

means

2

(a) any person or persons, acting in concert, directly or indirectly, acquiring more than 50 per cent of the shares in the Company or obtaining control of the Company in any other way, other than;

(i) at the occurrence of an IPO; or
(ii) if the Founder Company (including Affiliated Persons) increases its holding up to, but not exceeding, 2/3 of the Company's outstanding shares;
which, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, shall not constitute a Change of Control; or
(b) following an IPO, a change of ownership which triggers a mandatory bid (budplikt) according to the Swedish Takeover Act (2006:451) which shall apply correspondingly regardless of the Company being listed on an unregulated market;

Company" CSD"
'Dealer Agreement"
"Early Redemption" "Early Redemption Date" "EBITDA"
"EUR"
"Financial Indebtedness"

means Ferronordic Machines AB, corp. reg. no. 556748-7953, Ostermalmstorg 5, 114 42 Stockholm;
means the Company's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, corp. reg. no. 556112-8074, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm;
means the dealer agreement originally dated on 27 April 2010 (as amended from time to time) between ZAO Volvo Vostok and OOO Ferronordic Machines under which ZAO Volvo Vostok has appointed OOO Ferronordic Machines as the exclusive dealer of certain of ZAO Volvo Vostok's products in the Russian Federation;
shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 8.1;
shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 8.2;
means the Group's total consolidated operating results before depreciation and amortization for the last twelve months in accordance with IFRS (excluding unrealised gains or losses on debt items);
means the single currency of the member states of the European Community that adopt or have adopted the euro as its lawful currency under the legislation of the European Union for the European Monetary Union;
means any indebtedness on a consolidated Group level for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised pursuant to the issue of any Market Loans;

3

"Founder Company"
"Group Company"
"Group" "Holder" "IFRS" "Interest Payment Date" "Interest Rate"

(c) any amount of any liability in respect of any hire, purchase or leasing which, in accordance with IFRS, would be treated as a financial or capital lease;
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any derivate transaction (however when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of any guarantee, letters of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or a financial institution;
(g) other transactions that have the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(h) any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above; and
(i) for the avoidance doubt:
(i) any committed but undrawn facility amount; or
(ii) accounts payable (other than accounts payable bearing overdue interest),
shall not constitute Financial Indebtedness;
means Ferronordic Machines Holdings Ltd, a company organised under the laws of Cyprus and having its registered address at Athinos 5, Agios Antonios, P.C. 1015, Nicosia, Cyprus;
means each company, being a subsidiary, in the Group (if any) other than the Company, where subsidiary means such enterprises that are considered to be subsidiaries pursuant to Chapter 1 Section 11 and 12 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551);
means the group (if any) for which the Company is the parent company pursuant to the provisions referred to in the definition of "Group Company";
means a person registered on a VP Account as holder or otherwise is entitled to receive payment in respect of a Bond;
means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles in Sweden applicable to the business the Company conducts, currently International Financial Reporting Standards;
means the dates interest will be paid on, i.e., 28 June 2012, 28 June 2013 and the Redemption Date;
means 12.00 per cent per annum;
_______________________ ZT 4

"IPO"
"Issue Date" "Issuing Agent''
"Market Loan"
"Net Debt" "Nominal Amount" "Qualified Majority" "Quarter Date" "Quotation Day" "Record Date" "Redemption Date"
"Reference Date" "SEK" "Shareholder Loan" "STIBOR"

means an event where the Company's shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other regulated market (for the avoidance of doubt, First North shall be considered a regulated market) and the shares are admitted to trading on the relevant regulated market;
means 28 June 2011;
means initially Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ), corp. reg. no. 516406-0138, 103 38 Stockholm, or such issuing agent that the Company, from time to time, appoints to manage certain tasks in accordance with these Terms and Conditions;
means debt raised by issuance of commercial paper, subordinated debentures, bonds, notes or other securities (including debt raised under MTN- or other debt issuance programmes) which is or can be admitted for trading on a Swedish or foreign regulated market;
means the Group's total Financial Indebtedness, on consolidated basis according to IFRS, less Cash and Cash Equivalents and excluding the Working Capital Facility;
shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 2.1;
shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 12.1(c);
means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year;
has the meaning set forth in Condition 7.1;
has the meaning set forth in Condition 6.3;
means 28 June 2014 or such earlier date that may be the case pursuant to the provisions in Conditions 8 (Early Redemption in the event of change of control etc.), 9 (Early redemption by the Company) or 11 (Acceleration of the Bonds)',
means each Quarter Date, from and including 31 December 2012;
means the lawful currency for the time being of the Kingdom of Sweden;
means a EUR 24,880,000 investor loan facility agreement entered into on 25 May 2010 between, inter alios, the Company and the Original Lenders (as defined in the Shareholder Loan);
means (a) the percentage rate per annum displayed on the Reuters page SIOR (or if said page is replaced or the service ceases to be available, such other page designated by the Agent displaying the rate) or (b) if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean of the rates as supplied to the Agent at its request quoted by at least four leading Swedish banks for lending in SEK in the Swedish interbank market, in each case for a period of one week as of 11.05 a.m. (Stockholm time) on
5

the Quotation Day and rounded upwards to two decimals places;

"Total Shareholders' Equity" means the total shareholders' equity of the Group on a consolidated basis according to IFRS as stated in the relevant financial report;

"VP Account"

means a securities account (account for shares and other securities (Sw. avstamningskonto)) according to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) in which each Holder's holding of Bonds is registered;

"Working Capital Facility" means any existing or future working capital facility or credit line of up to SEK 225,000,000 (two hundred twenty-five million).

2

The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments

2.1 The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK four hundred million (400,000,000) and will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) or full multiples thereof ("Nominal Amount").

2.2 The Company undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.

2.3 The proceeds of the issuance shall be applied by the Company towards repayment of the outstanding Shareholder Loan in full and general corporate purposes primarily in the operating Group Companies.

3

Status

The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, freely transferable and unsubordinated obligations of the Company.

4

Interest

The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from the Issue Date up to and including the Redemption Date. The interest will be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on a 30E/360-days basis.

5

Bonds in book-entry form

5.1 The Bondswill beregistered on behalf of the Holders on a VP Account and no physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment.

5.2 The Company and the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok).

6

Redemption of the Bonds and payments

6.1 Redemption at maturity

6

Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Redemption Date.
6.2 Company's purchase of Bonds
Subject to applicable law, the Company may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Company may at the Company's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Company.
6.3 Payments of principal and interest
Payment of the Nominal Amount and interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the fifth Banking Day prior to the respective payment date or, if on the relevant time another Banking Day which is falling closer to the relevant redemption date is generally applied in the Swedish bond market, such other Banking Day ("Record Date"). If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day. However, interest only accrues up to and including the relevant due date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.

7

Default interest

7.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus two (2) percentage units, from the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined on the first Banking Day (the "Quotation Day") of each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall however, subject to Condition 7.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus two (2) percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.

7.2 If the delay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 19.1, the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.

8

Early redemption in the event of change of control etc.

8.1 Upon the event of a Change of Control each Holder shall have the right to call for an early redemption ("Early Redemption") of relevant Holder's all Bonds in their entirety. The call for Early Redemption must be submitted within thirty (30) days after the Company has given notification to the Holders of a Change of Control. Such notification shall be given as soon as possible after a Change of Control has taken place. A call for Early Redemption shall be made in writing in accordance with Condition 17 whereby such Holder's Bonds shall be blocked for other transactions by the relevant Account Operator and the Agent.

7

8.2 The Company shall redeem the relevant Bonds subject to Early Redemption according to Condition 8.1 on the last Banking Day ("Early Redemption Date") which falls in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which the relevant notice for an Early Redemption call was received, provided however that the relevant Holder's Bonds have been blocked for further transfer not later than on the fifth Banking Day preceding the Early Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Nominal Amount of the relevant Bonds together with accrued interest in accordance with Condition 4 from the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.

9

Early redemption by the Company

All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Banking Date falling after the first (1st) anniversary of the Issue Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days but not more than sixty (60) days notice in accordance with Condition 17. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the date for early redemption and the relevant Record Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at an early redemption amount equal to:

a) 105.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if an early redemption occurs during the period from first (1st) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issued date; and

b) 102.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if an early redemption occurs during the period from the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issue Date up and including the day before the Redemption Date.

In addition, the Company shall pay accrued interest from the latest Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to and including the relevant date for early redemption.

10 Special undertakings
10.1 General undertakings
So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Company undertakes:
(a) before an IPO not to (i) make any dividend on shares or similar shareholder distributions (for the avoidance of doubt, repayment of the Shareholder Loan shall not be considered as distribution to the Company's shareholders), (ii) repurchase of own shares, (iii) redeem share capital or other restricted equity with distribution to shareholders of the Company, and after an IPO not to make distribution to shareholders described under (i)-(iii) above if such distribution results in the Group having less than SEK 400,000,000 (four hundred million) of Total Shareholders' Equity; and at all times procure that each Group Company (even if not wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company (if any)) complies with said undertakings;
(b) to (i) not cease to operate its business and undertakes to ensure that the Group (taken as a whole) will not cease to operate its business, (ii) procure that no material change is made in the nature of the business of the Company or the Group (taken as a whole) from that carried on as per the Issue Date, (iii) not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose or permit any Group Company to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are material for the general operations of the Company or the Group (taken as a whole) and (iv) procure that the Dealer Agreement or the Asset Purchase Agreement

8

are not cancelled or materially changed (directly or indirectly negatively affecting the Company's rights in relation to the Dealer Agreement or the Asset Purchase Agreement);
(c) not to provide or permit to subsist any security or permit someone else to provide or permit to subsist security in the form of a guarantee or otherwise, for any Market Loan raised by the Company or Group Company;
(d) that neither it nor any Group Company will provide or permit to subsist any security or permit someone else to provide or permit to subsist security for any Financial Indebtedness, other than security provided in or for:
(i) account receivables;
(ii) inventory;
(iii) land and assets acquired under project financing; and/or
(iv) assets pledged or otherwise secured by assets of (for the avoidance of doubt, including any financial or capital leasing provided to) the Group's rental business;
(v) assets pledged under any Working Capital Facility; and
(e) notwithstanding (d) above, not to provide or permit to subsist any security (other than security existing on the Issue Date) in the shares of any subsidiaries of the Company.
10.2 Information undertakings
So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Company undertakes:
(a) to prepare and publish quarterly reports and audited annual reports (which shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS) and make them available on its website as soon as they become available (starting with the quarterly report to be published for the quarter ending on 30 June 2011), however, for quarterly reports not later than two (2) months after each Quarter Date and for audited annual reports not later than six (6) months after the end of the relevant financial year;
(b) to, within ten (10) Banking Days from publishing of quarterly reports or audited annual reports (as applicable) referred to in Condition 10.2 (a) above or no later than twenty (20) days from the Agent's reasonable request, confirm (in respect of (i) and (A) of (ii) below) to the Agent in writing in a separate compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out in Appendix 1 (Form of Compliance Certificate) to these Terms and Conditions, signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Company on its behalf:
(i) certifying that, as far as the Company is aware of, no event which would entitle the Agent to accelerate the Bonds is outstanding or, if it is aware that such an event is outstanding, specifying the event and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and
(ii) accompanied by a report setting out the calculations of (and compliance with) the financial undertakings as set out in;
(A) Condition 10.3 (a) (starting with the compliance certificate to be delivered following the quarterly report for 31 March 2012) and, if such undertaking is breached, explanations of the reasons thereto and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and
9

(B) Condition 10.3 (b) (starting with the compliance certificate to be delivered following the quarterly report for 31 December 2012) and, if such undertaking is breached, explanations of the reasons thereto and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
10.3 Financial undertakings
The Company undertakes to ensure that,
(a) no additional Financial Indebtedness is raised should the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio, due to the raising of such Financial Indebtedness, at any time exceed 5.00 from and including 1 January 2012 until and including 30 December 2012;
(b) the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio does not on any Reference Date exceed 4.00 during the period from and including 31 December 2012 until the Redemption Date; and
(c) each ratio shall be based on,
(i) the same currency (and exchange rates) as used in the consolidation provided in the quarterly and audited annual reports, delivered in accordance with Condition 10.2;
(ii) the latest, or in respect of EBITDA the latest four (4), quarterly report(s) or, as applicable, the latest audited annual report delivered prior to and pursuant to the calculation, other than calculations made following the Agent's request, as set out in Condition 10.2 (b), such calculations shall be based on the Net Debt on the date of such request and the EBITDA set out in the latest prepared (even if not yet delivered) quarterly report and the three (3) quarterly reports delivered prior thereto.
10.4 The Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Holders, waive, partly or in full, the provisions in Condition 10 if satisfactory collateral or other security arrangements, in the Agent's absolute discretion, is provided in respect of the Company's proper discharge of its obligations under the Bonds.
10.5 The Company undertakes to apply for listing of the Bonds on the Corporate Bond List of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm and will use all reasonable efforts to achieve and maintain such listing as long as any Bonds are outstanding, however not longer than up to and including the last day on which trading in the Bonds on the exchange reasonably can, under to the then applicable regulations by the exchange and the CSD, take place before the Redemption Date. The application for listing of the Bonds shall be filed with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm not later than 12 months from the Issue Date.
11 Acceleration of the Bonds
11.1 The Agent is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to declare all but not only some of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not being a date falling later than twenty (20) Banking Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if:
(a) the Company fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with these Terms and Conditions (unless the Company's failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error and payment is made within 3 Banking Days of its due date);
10

(b) the Company fails to comply with any of its undertakings in Conditions 10.1, 10.2 or 10.3, provided that the Company fails to remedy such failure or violation within ten (10) Banking Days from the earlier of:

(i) the Company becoming aware of the occurrence of;

(ii) the Agent's notice (containing evidence of a potential breach) to the Company of; or

(iii) the day on which the Company makes its reports available (or should have at the latest made such report available), in accordance with Condition 10.2, evidencing,

a breach of or failure to comply with Conditions 10.1, 10.2 or 10.3 (if in the opinion of the Agent, the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds due for payment immediately);

(c) the Company fails to comply with or in any other way acts in violation of these Terms and Conditions, other than as specified in this Condition 11.1, provided that the Agent has urged the Company to remedy such failure or violation and the Company fails to do so within twenty (20) Banking Days (if in the opinion of the Agent, the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior direction);

(d) the Company or a Group Company does not pay when due any payment or otherwise fails to fulfil the terms and conditions under any Financial Indebtedness granted to the Company or a Group Company and such Financial Indebtedness due to the failure to pay has been accelerated for payment or could have been accelerated, or if the Financial Indebtedness could not be accelerated or if the outstanding payment was the last payment under the Financial Indebtedness, if the failure to pay has been continuing for at least twenty (20) Banking Days, where the aggregate outstanding and unpaid Financial Indebtedness in question amounts to at least SEK 25,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies);

(e) the Company or a Group Company suspends its payments;

(f) the Company or a Group Company applies for or approves an application for insolvent corporate reconstruction according to the Swedish Act on Insolvent Corporate Reconstruction (1996:764) or other foreign corresponding laws;

(g) the Company or a Group Company is declared bankrupt;

(h) a decision is made to place the Company in liquidation irrespective of reason or a Group Company is forced to be liquidated (however, voluntary liquidation of a Group Company other than the Company, shall not be restricted by these Terms and Conditions);

(i)

in respect of a merger with other company than a Group Company, decision is made

that the Company or a Group Company shall be merged into another company, unless

the Agent, upon the Company's written assurance that the merger will not affect the

Terms and Conditions negatively, has given its consent in writing prior to the merger

(for the avoidance of doubt, mergers within the Group shall be allowed and shall not

require the consent of the Agent) (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of

the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or

11

(j) in respect of a demerger of the Company or a Group Company (whether the concerned company is dissolved or not with the exception for demerger of a Group Company where all the concerned and created companies constitute wholly owned Group Companies after the demerger), decision is made that the Company or a Group Company shall demerge, unless the Agent, upon the Company's written assurance that the demerger will not affect the Terms and Conditions negatively, in writing prior to that has given its consent for the demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors).

11.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Bonds' Nominal Amount plus a surcharge of three (3) per cent of the Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Condition 4 from the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.

11.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Condition 11.1 (e)-(j) in respect of a Group Company, may however only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.

11.4

If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as Agent) that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the reasonable request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition.

11.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Company or otherwise has considered right to termination to occur according to this Condition 11, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or consideration, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 12.

11.7 If the Holders resolve on a Holders' Meeting to terminate the Bonds, or if such termination is demanded by Holders holding Bonds representing at least one half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agents appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent is not liable to execute the termination. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have passed a resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Condition 12 and to the effect that the Bonds shall be terminated in accordance with all relevant provisions of this Condition 11, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructed Holders in writing commit to

12

holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agents own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
12 Holders' meeting etc.
12.1 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it appears clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 17 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder entitles to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 1,000,000 such Holder holds. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a company within the same group as the Company (as this term is defined in Chapter 1 Section 11 and 12 in the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)) shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for the Bonds ("Majority"). In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority "):
(i) two thirds when (a) one of the conditions in Condition 10 is waived (other than a waiver in respect of Condition 10.3 (b) for which Majority shall suffice) or (b) a condition in Condition 10 or 11 is amended, subject to (ii) below;
13

(ii) three quarters when (a) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (b) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (c) amendment of any redemption premium or (d) amendment of the conditions in this Condition 12.1 (c).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Holders, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(d) Quorum exists only where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers). If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through a ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(e) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is lead by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard from unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard from answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(f) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
(g) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
14

(h) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
13 The Agent
13.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
13.2 The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Holder for any sum received by it for its own account.
13.3 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
13.4 The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it under these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
13.5 Even without a separate authorization from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is empowered to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions.
13.6 The Agent may rely on any representation, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorized and any statement made by a director, authorized signatory or employee of any person regarding any matters which may reasonably be assumed to be within his knowledge or within his power to verify.
13.7 In relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may act through its personnel and agents. The Agent may further engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts. The reasonable, evidenced and proper costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. In acting as Agent for the Holders, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. If information is received by another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent may reasonably not be deemed to have received it.
13.8 Replacement of Agent
The Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions provided that (i) notice is given by the Company to the Holders, and (ii) the Company has appointed a leading Swedish or international business bank or securities institution to accede as new Agent at the same time as the present Agent retires. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. If (i) the Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial
15

reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority or (ii) if a decision is made by the Company or (iii) if a resolution is passed by the Holders to replace the Agent, the Company shall immediately appoint a new agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions (other than rights in accordance with Condition 13.9). The Agent's successor, the Company and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
13.9 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 11.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 11, 12.1 and 13.
13.10 Replacement of the Issuing Agent
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions provided that (i) notice is given by the Company to the Holders, and (ii) the Company has appointed a reputable institution to accede as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the present Issuing Agent retires. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. If (i) the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority or (ii) if a decision is made by the Company or (iii) if a resolution is passed by the Holders to replace the Issuing Agent, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Issuing Agent as Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. No resignation by the Issuing Agent shall however take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
14 Amendments of the conditions
14.1 Subject to Condition 14.2, the Company and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Holders, may agree to amend these Terms and Conditions provided that:
a) such amendment, in the opinion of the Agent, does not adversely affect the rights and interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions in any material respect;
16

b) such amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a clear and manifest error; or
c) such amendment has been duly approved by a Holders' Meeting or by Holders holding Bonds representing at least half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount.
14.2 The Agent and the Company may, however, not agree to amendments if such amendments relate to matters that would require a Qualified Majority at a Holders' Meeting, unless such matter has been duly approved by a Holders' Meeting or by Holders holding Bonds representing at least two thirds of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in matters dealt with in 12.1 c (i) and at least three quarters of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in matters dealt with in 12.1 c (ii) .
14.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Condition 17, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
15 Prescription
15.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be statute-barred and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be statute-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment has been statute-barred and has become void.
15.2 If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (1981:130), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
16 Allocation of payments
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
17 Notices
17.1 Notices from the Company or the Agent shall be given to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD. In addition to this, notice may be given by advertisement in a nation wide Swedish newspaper (any of Dagens Industri, Dagens Nyheter or Svenska Dagbladet) with the notice in its entirety or with reference to where the notice in its entirety is available.
17.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company shall be given to the Company with a copy to the Agent at the addresses set forth in Condition 1.
17.3 The language used for notices and communication under these Terms and Conditions shall be English.
18 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) the authorised nominee shall be deemed to
17

be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting right of the Holders in Condition 12).
19 Limitation of liability etc 19.1 The Agent and the CSD shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign
enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Agent or the CSD would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 19.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Condition 12, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. This shall also apply to the Agent or affiliate to the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company. 19.3 Damage caused in any other event will not be indemnified by the Agent and the CSD unless the damage is caused by negligence. In no event will indemnification be made for indirect damage. 19.4 Should the Agent or the CSD be prevented from performing their obligations due to the circumstances mentioned in Condition 19.1 above, performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such events. 19.5 The provisions in this Condition 19 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) which provisions shall take precedence.
20 Governing law and jurisdiction 20.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the Kingdom of Sweden. 20.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall be determined by
Swedish courts, with the District Court of Stockholm to be the court of first instance.
We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the company. 21 June 2011
FERRONORDIC MACHINES AB [Signature page to follow.]
18

On behalf of FERRONORDIC MACHINES AB Clarification of signature: Anders Blomqvist Authorised signatory of the Company Authorised signatory of the Company
19

Appendix 1
Form of Compliance Certificate
To: [CorpNordic Sweden AB] as Agent From: Ferronordic Machines AB Dated: [date of Compliance Certificate]
Dear Sirs, We refer to the terms and conditions for the senior unsecured bond loan of maximum SEK 400,000,000 with 12% coupon and duration 2011/2014 issued by Ferronordic Machines AB (the "Terms and Conditions"). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with Condition 10.2 (b) of the Terms and Conditions, we hereby certify that, as far as we are aware of: 1. [[no event which would entitle the Agent to accelerate the Bonds is outstanding]
o r alternatively, i f the Company is aware tha t such an event is outstanding [In se rt details o f any such event th a t is outstanding and the steps, i f any, being taken to rem edy if\]) and 2. [1[the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio has not at any time exceeded 5.00 during the period from [[previous Quarter Date] to [relevant Quarter Date applicable to the report]/[date of Compliance Certificate]2] due to the raising of Financial Indebtedness during the relevant period; Where, Net Debt is equal to []; EBITDA is equal to []; and Net Debt to EBITDA is equal to [].]] [3[oa alternatively: the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio did not exceed 4.00 on the [relevant Reference Date]; Where,
1Only to be included in the compliance certificates issued during the period from 1 January 2012 until 30 December 2012. 2 If the Agent has requested the certificate. 3 Only to be included in the compliance certificates issued during the period from 31 December 2012 until the Redemption Date.
20

Net Debt is equal to []; EBITDA is equal to []; and Net Debt to EBITDA is equal to [].]]

On behalf of Ferronordic Machines AB [Authorised signatory]

[Authorised signatory]

21

