TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR TROAX GROUP AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM EUR 100,000,000
SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2014/2020
ISIN: SE0005799194
Issue Date: 12 June 2014
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certainjurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to
inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.................................................................................... 1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS......... 14 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS....................................................................................................... 14 4. USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................... 15 5. SECURITY................................................................................................................................. 15 6. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY............................................................................... 17 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM.......................................................................................... 17 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER...................................................................... 18 9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS........................................................................ 18 10. INTEREST.................................................................................................................................. 19 11. REDEMPTION, REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS...........................19 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................................22 13. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR THE FIRST DISBURSEMENT.................................. 25 14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT FOR THE FIRST DISBURSEMENT............................... 26 15. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR THE SECOND DISBURSEMENT............................ 26 16. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT FOR THE SECOND DISBURSEMENT......................... 27 17. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS...........................................................................................27 18. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS...........................................................................................31 19. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS.....................................................................................................32 20. HOLDERS' MEETING..............................................................................................................34 21. WRITTEN PROCEDURE.........................................................................................................35 22. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS............................................................................................36 23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT..................................................36 24. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT............................... 40 25. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS..................................................................................40 26. TIME-BAR...................................................................................................................................40 27. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES......................................................................................41 28. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.........................................................42 29. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.............................................................................42

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR TROAX GROUP AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM EUR 100,000,000
SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2014/2020
ISIN: SE0005799194

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means (i) until the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the generally accepted local accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden and (ii) once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), IFRS.

"Acquisition" means the acquisition of Satech by the Pledged Group Company.

"Acquisition Failure" means (i) that the Issuer has notified the Agent that the Acquisition will not be completed or (ii) that the Acquisition has not been completed, as described in Clause 16.1(a), on or before the date falling 14 Business Days after the Issue Date.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course o f business.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership o f voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

1

"Agent" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date;
(b) 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 60 months after the Issue Date; or
(e) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 60 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being a shareholder of the Issuer as at the Issue Date (or an Affiliate of such shareholder), acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent.
2

of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"Conditions Precedent for the First Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 13.1.
"Conditions Precedent for the Second Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 15.1.
"Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 14.1.
"Conditions Subsequent for the Second Disbursement" means the conditions set forth in Clause 16.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in item (d) of the definition "Permitted Debt" below.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary or exceptional items (as applicable) which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary
3

course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of Group Companies.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in a Group Company, the Parent or any other direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer from time to time, resulting in that such shares are quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with the account bank, into which the Net Proceeds shall be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour o f the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"EUR" means the currency used by the institutions of the European Union and being the official currency of the Eurozone.
"EURIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in EUR and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by Nordea Bank AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (or such other banks as may be appointed by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer), for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to item (b) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
4

"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 17.1.
"Existing Debt" means the Senior Debt, the Vendor Note and the Second Vendor Note.
"Final Redemption Date" means 12 June 2020.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, any Intercreditor Agreement, the Intra-group Loan Agreement(s), the Agent Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability) and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases (the "Operational Lease Freeze");
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfmansiella instrument).
5

"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clauses 12.10.1(a) and 12.10.1(b).
"First Call Date" means the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28.1.
"Funds Flow Statement" means the description of flow of the funds disbursed from the Escrow Account for the purpose of repaying the Existing Debt in full.
"German Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany (Ge. Bund or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available at least 2 Business Days (but not more than 5 Business Days) prior to the redemption date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date, provided, however that if the period from the relevant redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of the direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, the German Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to (but excluding) the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 20 (Holders 'Meeting).
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Incurrence Test" is met if calculated in accordance with the Incurrence Test Calculation Principles and:
(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than 3.50; and
6

(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 3.00.
"Incurrence Test Calculation Principles" means:
(a) that (i) the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the payment of the relevant Restricted Payment or the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness which requires the Issuer to meet the Incurrence Test (as applicable), (ii) the Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the Restricted Payment or the new Financial Indebtedness (as applicable), provided such Financial Indebtedness is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt) and (iii) EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in item (b) and (c) below;
(b) that the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report; and
(c) that the figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that (i) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period, (ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period and (iii) the pro forma calculation of EBITDA takes into account the net cost savings and other reasonable synergies, as the case may be, realisable for the Group within twelve months from the acquisition as a result of acquisitions and/or disposals of entities referred to in (i) and (ii) above, provided that such net cost savings and other reasonable synergies, as the case may be, have been confirmed by a reputable accounting firm and the Issuer has provided evidence thereof to the Agent.
"Initial Bond" means any Bond issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Initial Distribution" means a Restricted Payment made in connection with the Initial Bond Issue and which not exceeds EUR 10,000,000
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to the Agent to be entered into by the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) as senior creditor, any subordinated creditor and any relevant Group Company as borrower, a form of which shall be agreed by the Agent and the Issuer prior to the Issue Date.
7

"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 10.1-10.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 12 March, 12 June, 12 September and 12 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 12 September 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of EURIBOR (3 months) + 5.50 per cent. per annum.
"Intra-group Loan Agreement" means the loan agreement entered into by the Issuer as creditor and the Pledged Group Company as borrower on or about the Issue Date under which the Pledged Group Company borrows the EUR 20,000,000 constituting the Second Disbursement, and any loan agreement entered into by the Issuer as creditor and a Subsidiary as borrower in respect of proceeds from a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Intra-group Loan Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of first priority pledge of all the Issuer's present and future money claims under the Intra-group Loan Agreement(s), granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Issue Date" means 12 June 2014.
"Issuer" means Troax Group AB (publ) (reg. no. 556916-4048, P.O. Box 89, SE-330 33 Hillerstorp, Sweden).
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE-103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Rate of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders); 8

both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420 8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Cash Position" means an amount equal to the Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group, less any amount drawn under the Permitted Credit Facility, on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Accounting Principles, calculated as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the payment of the relevant Restricted Payment.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
9

"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in item (b) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness" above.
"Parent" means Troax Holding AB, reg. no. 556916-4030, P.O. Box 89, SE-330 33 Hillerstorp, Sweden.
"Permitted Basket" has the meaning set forth in item (k) of the definition "Permitted Debt" below.
"Permitted Credit Facility" means a credit facility for working capital and/or capital expenditure purposes provided to the Group in a maximum amount of EUR 3,000,000, which shall be undrawn at the Issue Date.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under these Terms and Conditions (including any Subsequent Bonds, if such incurrence meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such incurrence);
(b) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(c) taken up from a Group Company;
(d) arising under a derivative transaction entered into by a Group Company in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any derivative transaction which in itself is entered into for investment or speculative purposes) ("Derivative Transaction");
(e) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds Financial Indebtedness, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question, however should the Incurrence Test not be met, a clean-up period of 60 calendar days is permitted to unwind such Financial Indebtedness;
(f) incurred under a Shareholder Loan;
(g) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(h) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such incurrence, (ii) is unsecured and/or subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions and under the Agent Agreement and (iii) has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
(i) of the Group under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
10

(j) incurred under the Permitted Credit Facility; and
(k) not permitted by item (a)-(j) above, in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding EUR 3,000,000 and incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business (all such Financial Indebtedness is together referred to as the "Permitted Basket").
"Permitted Security" means any guarantee or security:
(a) provided in accordance with the Finance Documents;
(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(c) provided in relation to any agreement under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided such lease constitutes Permitted Debt;
(d) provided in relation to Derivative Transactions or pension liabilities in accordance with item (i) of the definition Permitted Debt above, but not consisting of security interest in shares of any Group Company;
(e) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity has provided security, provided that the debt secured with such security constitutes Permitted Debt in accordance with item (e) of the definition Permitted Debt above; and
(f) provided in relation to the Permitted Credit Facility or the Permitted Basket and not consisting of security interest in shares of any Group Company or, if provided in relation to financial leasing arrangements, is granted only in the leased asset in question.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Pledged Group Company" means Troax AB (reg. no. 556093-5719, P.O. Box 89, SE-330 33 Hillerstorp, Sweden).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, 2 Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 18 (Distribution o f proceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
11

"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed, repaid or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption, repayment and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.
"Satech" means Satech Safety Technology S.p.A., reg. no. 00765000146,Via Rugabella 1, 20123 Milan, Italy.
"Second Disbursement" has the meaning set forth in Clause 15.1.
"Second Vendor Note" means the EUR 2,000,000 loan agreement which is subject to payment-in-kind interest and entered into by certain lenders, including Accentseven Holding Limited, and the Issuer as borrower on 31 January 2013.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreement, the Intra-group Loan Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement as well as any other documents requested by the Agent in relation to the perfection of the security purported to be created under such agreements.
"Senior Debt" means the EUR 50,000,000 term loan and revolving facilities agreement entered into by Swedbank AB (publ) as lender and the Issuer as borrower on 29 January 2013.
"Senior Debt Security" means all security and guarantees provided in relation to the Senior Debt.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over all of the shares in the Pledged Group Company, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Shareholder Loans" means any loan raised by any Group Company from its current or previous shareholders (excluding other Group Companies), if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms and pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement, is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in kind interest.
12

"Subsequent Bond Issue" means any issue of Subsequent Bonds.

"Subsequent Bond" means any Bond issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (b) the repayment of the Existing Debt, (c) the listing of Bonds, (d) the 2013 acquisition of the Group by the Issuer, (e) the Acquisition and (f) any other future acquisition of entities (provided such fees, costs and expenses are reasonable).

"Vendor Note" means the EUR 10,000,000 subordinated loan agreement entered into by Accentseven Holding Limited as lender and the Issuer as borrower on 31 January 2013.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 21 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2 When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.

13

1.2.3 1.2.4 2. 2.1
2.2
2.3 2.4 2.5 3.

A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to EUR 100,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of an initial nominal amount of EUR 100,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been partly repaid in accordance with Clauses 11.4 (Voluntary Partial Repayment), 11.5 (Equity Claw Back) or 11.7 (Mandatory Partial Repayment upon an Acquisition Failure) (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 70,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005799194. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is EUR 100,000.
Provided that the Incurrence Test is met (calculated pro forma including such issue), the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds amounting to in total maximum EUR 30,000,000. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount, the Final Redemption Date shall apply also to Subsequent Bonds, which also otherwise shall have the same rights as the Initial Bonds. The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 100,000,000.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in EUR and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms such agreements.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them. The Bonds are secured by the security provided pursuant to the Security Documents.

14

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Net Proceeds shall be transferred to the Escrow Account by the Issuing Agent. For the

purpose of securing that the Conditions Precedent for the First Disbursement and the

Conditions Precedent for the Second Disbursement, respectively, have been fulfilled before

the relevant disbursement of the Net Proceeds is made and for the purpose of securing that

the Net Proceeds will be used by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 4.2, the Escrow

Account has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the

Agent). The pledge over the Escrow Account shall be released when the Conditions

Subsequent for the First Disbursement and the Conditions Subsequent for the Second

Disbursement have been fulfilled.

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for the First Disbursement and the Conditions

Precedent for the Second Disbursement, respectively, the Net Proceeds shall be used towards

(i) the repayment in full of the Existing Debt in accordance with the Funds Flow Statement,

(ii) the provision of the loan under the Intra-group Loan Agreement to, and for the purpose

of enabling, the Pledged Group Company to pay the cash component of the consideration for

Satech in the Acquisition and (iii) general corporate purposes, including distributions to the

Issuer's shareholders and acquisitions. The proceeds from any Subsequent Bond Issue shall

be used for general corporate purposes, including distributions to the Issuer's shareholders

and acquisitions, and any such proceeds which shall be used by a Subsidiary shall be on lent

by way of entering into Intra-group Loan Agreements which in turn shall be pledged to the

Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) under the Intra-group Loan Pledge

Agreement. Any distribution to the Issuer's shareholders may only be made in accordance

with Clause 12.1.

5.

SECURITY

5.1

As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under

the Finance Documents, the Issuer has pledged to the Agent and the Holders (as represented

by the Agent) all shares in the Pledged Group Company in accordance with the Share Pledge

Agreement, all its present and future money claims under the Intra-group Loan Agreement in

accordance with the Intra-group Loan Pledge Agreement and the Escrow Account and all

funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account from time to time in accordance with the

Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

5.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are

duly executed (in favour of the Agent and the Holders (as represented by the Agent), if

applicable) and that such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force

and effect according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of

such further documentation as the Agent may reasonably require in order for the Holders and

the Agent to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.

5.3

The Agent will hold the security created under the Security Documents on behalf of itself

and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Security

Documents.

15

5.4

Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 19

(Decisions by Holders) to 21 (Written Procedure), the Agent is, without first having to

obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Group

Companies or third parties if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of

establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the security created (or to be

created) under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various Holders'

relative rights to the security created under the Security Documents, respectively. The Agent

is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security Documents.

5.5

If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 17 (Termination o f the

Bonds) or following the Final Redemption Date, the Agent is, without first having to obtain

the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Security Documents,

in such manner and under such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance

with the Security Documents, respectively).

5.6

If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or

the enforcement of all or any of the security created under all or any of the Security

Documents, the Agent is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision

regarding the security created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not

terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance

mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Agent shall not enforce any of the security

created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the

Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and

enforcement of any of the security created under the Security Documents in accordance with

the procedures set out in Clauses 19 (Decisions by Holders) to 21 (Written Procedure), the

Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security created under

the Security Documents. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent

considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing

Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own

discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.

5.7

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Holders in connection

with the enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Security Documents

constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act

(Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on

behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall promptly arrange for payments of such funds in

accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds) as soon as reasonably practicable. If

the Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to

arrange for payment to the Holders.

5.8

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and

Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of

any security created under the Security Documents, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and

empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct

the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent

permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid 16

for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 5.7. Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.

6.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

6.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

6.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

6.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating

to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to,

e.g, its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each

Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

6.5

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be

directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

17

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.

7.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request

of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

7.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6

At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Agent.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such Person.

8.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Holder by way of a further power of attorney.

8.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume

that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a

repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the

Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

9.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any

other payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a

certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment

date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address

18

registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9 (Payments in respect o f

the Bonds), the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay,

irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such

amount.

9.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary

market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any

applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to

reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and

Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or similar.

10.

INTEREST

10.1

The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but

excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any

Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the

Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the

relevant Redemption Date.

10.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall

be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding

Interest Period.

10.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in

respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

10.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due

date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date

up to and including the date o f actual payment at a rate which is 200 basis points higher than

the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall

accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which

case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

11.

REDEMPTION, REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

11.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, o f the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, on the Business Day following from

19

11.2 11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2 11.3.3
11.4
11.5

an application of the Business Day Convention) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary partial repayment
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding EUR 10,000 (rounded off to a multiple of EUR 100) of principal debt outstanding on all, but not only some, of the Bonds on one Interest Payment Date per each Relevant Period as from the Issue Date until and including the First Call Date (without carry-back or carry forward), at a price equal to 103.00 per cent. o f the repaid Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid Nominal Amount, resulting in partial repayment o f all Bonds by way o f reduction o f the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment in accordance with this Clause 11.4 to the Agent and the Holders.
Equity claw back
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 35.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 65.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment, and where the term "Initial Nominal Amount" for the purpose of this Clause 11.5 shall be deemed to be the Nominal Amount of each Bond following a partial reduction of the Nominal Amount pursuant to Clause 11.7 (Mandatory Partial Repayment upon an Acquisition Failure), if applicable), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with
20

11.6 11.6.1
11.6.2
11.6.3 11.6.4 11.7

funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the relevant Group Company as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus a premium on the repaid amount equal to the applicable Call Option Amount and shall for the period from the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be at a price of 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of 30 calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (e). The 30 calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.6.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.6, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Mandatory Partial Repayment upon an Acquisition Failure
Upon an Acquisition Failure occurring, the Agent shall procure that the EUR 20,000,000 which otherwise is designated for the Second Disbursement instead is applied towards partial repayment of all, but not only some, of the Bonds by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to a multiple of EUR 100), which repayment shall be made without premium but include accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid Nominal Amount. Such repayment shall be made by the Issuer on the first Interest Payment Date following the Acquisition Failure, subject to that the Issuer shall give not less than 15
21

Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. When a repayment in accordance with this Clause 11.7 has been completed, the pledge over the Escrow Account shall be released, provided that the Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably).

12.

SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS

So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.

12.1

Distributions

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any shareholder loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by (a) any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to another Group Company and, if made by any of the Subsidiaries which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis, (b) by the Issuer if such Restricted Payment constitutes the Initial Distribution and (c) by the Issuer on one or more occasions, provided that (i) the Incurrence Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) is met, (ii) the Restricted Payment is made on or prior to the date falling 15 months after the Issue Date, (iii) the aggregated amount of all Restricted Payments made in accordance with this item (c) does not exceed EUR 5,000,000 and (iv) the Net Cash Position (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) amounts to not less than EUR 4,000,000.

12.2

Listing of Bonds

The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market, not later than 12 months after the Issue Date, (ii) that the Bonds, once listed on the relevant Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (iii) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on the relevant Regulated Market promptly, and not later than 10 Business Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly.

12.3

Nature of business

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business as carried out by the Group on the Issue Date.
22

12.4

Financial Indebtedness

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, incur any new, or maintain or prolong any existing, Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to incur, maintain and prolong Financial Indebtedness which constitute Permitted Debt.

12.5

Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.

12.6

Clean down period

The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year, there shall be a period of 5 consecutive calendar days during which the amount outstanding under the Permitted Credit Facility shall amount to zero. Not less than 3 months shall elapse between two clean down periods.

12.7

Disposals of assets

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or any Material Group Company's assets or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction and, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably). For the avoidance of doubt, shares which have been pledged pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreement may at no point be disposed of as long as such shares remain pledged.

12.8

Dealings with related parties

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders, at arm's length terms.

12.9

Compliance with laws etcetera

12.10

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.
Financial reporting etcetera

12.10.1 The Issuer shall:

23

12.10.2 12.10.3

(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than 4 months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than 2 months after the expiry of each relevant interim period (for the first time in connection with the Financial Report relating to the interim period ending on 30 June 2014);
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent in connection with the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness or the payment of any Restricted Payment which requires that the Incurrence Test is met and at the Agent's request, within 20 calendar days from such request;
(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on its website; and
(e) promptly notify the Agent (and, as regards a Change of Control Event, an Acquisition Failure or an Equity Listing Event, the Holders) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, an Acquisition Failure, an Equity Listing Event or an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice.
The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 12.7 (Disposals o f assets) and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.
When the Bonds have been listed, the Financial Reports shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).

24

12.11 12.11.1

Agent Agreement The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;

(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;

12.11.2

(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.

13.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR THE FIRST DISBURSEMENT

13.1

The Agent's approval of the first disbursement from the Escrow Account of the Net

Proceeds is subject to the following documents having been received by the Agent, in form

and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):

(a) copy of duly executed release notice from the lender under the Senior Debt confirming that all Senior Debt Security will be released upon repayment in full of the Senior Debt;

(b) copy of duly executed Share Pledge Agreement together with a confirmation that the security interests thereunder will be duly perfected in accordance with Clause 14.1(c);

(c) copy of duly executed Intra-group Loan Agreement;

(d) copy of duly executed Intra-group Loan Pledge Agreement together with a notice from the Issuer to the Pledged Group Company regarding the pledge acknowledged by the Pledged Group Company; and

(e) copy of duly executed Funds Flow Statement evidencing that the amounts to be released from the Escrow Account shall be used towards repayment in full o f the Existing Debt.

13.2

When the Conditions Precedent for the First Disbursement have been fulfilled to the

satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), (i) the funds standing to the credit o f the

Escrow Account may be exchanged into other currencies in order to procure the transfers set

out in the Funds Flow Statement and (ii) the Agent shall instruct the account bank to make

the transfers set out in the Funds Flow Statement from the Escrow Account for the purpose

o f repayment in full o fthe Existing Debt.

25

14.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT FOR THE FIRST DISBURSEMENT

14.1

The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the

Agent (acting reasonably), showing that the events listed below have occurred at the times

set out below:

(a) that the Existing Debt has been repaid in full, immediately after the payments set out in the Funds Flow Statement have been made;

(b) that all Senior Debt Security, except for any security related to Derivative Transactions and falling within item (d) of the definition Permitted Security, have been released with no remaining obligations of any Group Company, not later than 1 Business Day after the payments from the Escrow Account set out in the Funds Flow Statement have been made; and

(c) that the Issuer has provided the Agent documents evidencing that the security interests under the Share Pledge Agreement have been duly perfected, not later than 1 Business Day after the payments from the Escrow Account set out in the Funds Flow Statement have been made, such evidence to include (i) a certified copy of the share register of the Pledged Group Company setting out the pledge over the shares in the Pledged Group Company, (ii) duly endorsed in blank original share certificate(s) and (iii) a notice from the Issuer to the Pledged Group Company regarding the pledge acknowledged by the Pledged Group Company.

14.2

When the Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement have been fulfilled to the

satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall (i) instruct the account bank to

transfer surplus funds, if any, equal to the amount standing to the credit of the Escrow

Account less EUR 20,000,000 to the Issuer and (ii), provided that the Conditions Subsequent

for the Second Disbursement have been fulfilled, release the pledge over the Escrow

Account.

15.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR THE SECOND DISBURSEMENT

15.1

The Agent's approval of the second disbursement from the Escrow Account of the

EUR 20,000,000 remaining of the Net Proceeds (the "Second Disbursement") is subject to

the following documents having been received by the Agent:

(a) copy of duly executed share purchase agreement in relation to the Acquisition; and

(b) copy of duly executed request from the Issuer of the Second Disbursement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably), such request to include a confirmation that completion of the Acquisition will occur and that no conditions for completion of the Acquisition are outstanding except for payment of the purchase price and transfer formalities in relation to the shares.

15.2

When the Conditions Precedent for the Second Disbursement have been fulfilled to the

satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the account bank to

make the Second Disbursement to a bank account specified by the Issuer.

26

16.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT FOR THE SECOND DISBURSEMENT

16.1

The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the

Agent (acting reasonably), showing that the events listed below have occurred not later than

5 Business Days after the Second Disbursement has been made:

(a) that the Acquisition has been completed and consequently that the Pledged Group Company has become the owner of Satech, such evidence to include (i) copy of the share register (It. libro soci) of Satech setting out the Pledged Group Company as owner of the shares in Satech and (ii) a statement from a reputable law firm confirming that the Acquisition has been completed; and

(b) that the shares in the Pledged Group Company which will be issued to the sellers in relation to the Acquisition as non-cash consideration for Satech have been applied as capital contribution to the Issuer in a share issue in kind made by the Issuer, and that the shares issued in such issue in kind have been applied as capital contribution to the Parent in a share issue in kind made by the Parent.

16.2

When the Conditions Subsequent for the Second Disbursement have been fulfilled to the

satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall release the pledge over the

Escrow Account (provided that the Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement have

been fulfilled).

17.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

17.1

The Agent is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but

not only some, o f the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent

determines (such later date not falling later than 20 Business Days from the date on which

the Agent made such declaration), if:

(a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is due to technical or administrative error and is remedied within 5 Business Days o fthe due date;

(b) Conditions subsequent: The Issuer has not provided the Agent with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably), showing (i) that the Conditions Subsequent for the First Disbursement have been fulfilled at the time set forth in Clause 14.1 and (ii), provided that the Second Disbursement has been made, that the Conditions Subsequent for the Second Disbursement have been fulfilled not later than 5 Business Days after the Second Disbursement has been made.

(c) Other obligations: The Issuer or any other Group Company does not comply with the Finance Documents in any other way than as set out under item (a) and (b) above, unless the non-compliance (i) is capable of being remedied and (ii) is remedied within 15 Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware o f the non-compliance (if the failure or violation is not

27

capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(d) Cross-acceleration:
(i) Any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is not paid when due nor within (a) any originally applicable grace period or (b) 10 Business Days from the relevant due date, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default howsoever described under any document relating to Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company; or
(ii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Material Group Company is enforced;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to under item (i) and/or (ii) above, individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to EUR 1,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(e) Insolvency:
(i) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under these Terms and Conditions) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company;
(f) Insolvency proceedings: Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to the Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company;
28

(g) Mergers and demergers:

(i) A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or

(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;

(h) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding EUR 1,000,000 and is not discharged within 30 calendar days;

(i) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or

(j) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a merger or demerger that is not prohibited by Clause 17.1 (g) or (ii) a disposal which is not prohibited by Clause 12.7.

17.2

Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 17.1 (c) and (d)

or, regarding any of the Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 17.1 (e), (f), (g),

(h) and (j) may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would

have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of

the Agent's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium

will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in

Clause 17.1 (e).

17.3

If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the

period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

17.4

The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type

specified in Clause 17.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the

Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,

provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under

no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in

Clause 17.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with

details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 17.1 and provide the Agent with all

documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 17.

29

17.5
17.6
17.7 17.8 17.9 17.10

The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 17.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 17.4.
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 17.1, the Agent shall decide, within 20 Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 17, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 17 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 17 (Termination o f the Bonds), the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 105.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are declared due and payable on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount.

30

18.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

18.1

If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 17 (Termination

o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the

following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds, the enforcement of the security interests created under the Security Documents or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with items (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with items (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

18.2

If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in

Clause 18.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a

corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 18.1.

18.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of

the Bonds and/or enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Finance

Documents constitute escrow funds according to the Escrow Funds Act and must be held on

a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties.

The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 18 as

soon as reasonably practicable.

18.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 18, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least 15 Business Days

before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and

the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the

Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.

31

19.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

19.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way

of a Written Procedure.

19.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent. of the

Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a

Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received

by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision

by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent

and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the

Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if

it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting

than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.

19.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the

Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii)

the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

19.4

Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalfo f a Holder) from a Person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 21.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

32

19.5
19.6 19.7 19.8 19.9 19.10

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.3:
(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings);
(b) release any security provided under the Security Documents;
(c) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(e) amend the provisions in this Clause 19.5 or Clause 19.6.
Any matter not covered by Clause 19.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 22.1 (a) or (b)), a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of any security created under the Security Documents.
If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 20 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(a) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 20.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 21.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 19.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.

33

19.11 19.12
19.13 19.14 19.15
19.16
20. 20.1 20.2 20.3

A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 23.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 20.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders)
34

and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.

20.4

The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than 10 Business Days and no later than

20 Business Days from the notice.

20.5

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting

within 20 Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may

convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall

upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the

register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed

by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.

20.6

At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and

the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants.

Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and

the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide

that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders'

Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy

or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

20.7

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent

may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote

without attending the meeting in Person.

21.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

21.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than 5 Business Days after receipt of a

request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical

or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is

registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is

sent.

21.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 21.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

21.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 21.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the

Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business

Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise

voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the

request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form

of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply

to the request (such time period to last at least 10 Business Days from the communication

pursuant to Clause 21.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such

voting shall be included in the communication.

35

21.4 22. 22.1
22.2 22.3
22.4 23. 23.1 23.1.1
23.1.2

When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 19.5 and 19.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 19.5 or 19.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders).
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 22.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
36

23.1.3
23.1.4
23.1.5 23.2 23.2.1
23.2.2 23.2.3
23.2.4 23.2.5
23.2.6
23.2.7

The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as agent and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for
37

23.2.8 23.2.9
23.2.10 23.3 23.3.1 23.3.2
23.3.3
23.3.4 23.3.5

damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds).
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 23.2.9.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Holders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under the Finance Documents.

38

23.4 23.4.1 23.4.2 23.4.3
23.4.4 23.4.5 23.4.6 23.4.7
23.4.8

Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 23.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 23.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within 10 Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within 90 calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 23.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
39

24.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

24.1

The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms

and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to

and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.

24.2

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided

that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the

CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is

dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new

Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with

these Terms and Conditions.

25.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

25.1

A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or

recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate,

support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer

under the Finance Documents.

25.2

Clause 25.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance

with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is

unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in

accordance with Clause 23.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such

failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by

the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance

Documents or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 23.2.9, such

failure must continue for at least 40 Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 23.2.10

before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 25.1.

25.3

The provisions of Clause 25.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to

claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.6 (Mandatory repurchase

due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the

Issuer to some but not all Holders.

26.

TIME-BAR

26.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and

become void 10 years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of

Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void 3 years

from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for

payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and

has become void.

26.2

If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations

(Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of 10 years with respect to the

40

27. 27.1 27.1.1
27.1.2
27.1.3 27.2 27.2.1 27.2.2

right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of 3 years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions ofthe Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 27.1.1 or, in case of letter, 3 Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 27.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 27.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3 11.7, 12.10.1(e), 17.6, 18.4, 19.16, 20.1, 21.1, 22.3, 23.2.10 and 23.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 27.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the
41

Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

28.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

28.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out

of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout,

boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The

reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent

or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

28.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care.

The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross

negligence and wilful misconduct.

28.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from

taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be

postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

28.4

The provisions in this Clause 28 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the

Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

29.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

29.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

29.2

Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 29.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

29.3

The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the

Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court

which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

42

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place:
TROAX GROUP AB (PUBL) as

Name:'f W ^

O

W

/

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place:
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent
Name:

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves. Place: TROAX GROUP AB (PUBL) as Issuer
Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place:

/4t5AI'M

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent

43

