TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ORC GROUP HOLDING AB (PUBL)
NOTES ISIN: SE0004872851
The distribution o f this document and the offer o f the Notes in certainjurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, or any state securities laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
HI MANNHEIMER SWARTLING w w w .m a n n h e im e r sw a r t lin g .se

LEGAL#9028436v3

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION...............................................................................1 2. STATUS OF THE NOTES AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS..................... 8 3. USE OF PROCEEDS.............................................................................................................. 9 4. NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM........................................................................................ 9 5. INTEREST................................................................................................................................9 6. PAYMENT OF INTEREST AND REPAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL...................................... 9 7. DEFAULT INTEREST...........................................................................................................10 8. APPOINTMENT AND DUTIES OF THE AGENT.............................................................10 9. TRANSACTION SECURITY................................................................................................12 10. REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES.......................................................13 11. INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS...................................................................................15 12. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS.............................................................................................16 13. ACCELERATION AND PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES.............................................. 21 14. NOTEHOLDERS ' CONSENT.............................................................................................. 23 15. NOTEHOLDERS ' MEETING............................................................................................. 25 16. DECISIONS BY WAY OF DIRECT COMMUNICATION................................................ 26 17. REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT..................................................................................... 27 18. REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT.................................................................... 28 19. AMENDMENTS BY THE AGENT TO THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS.......................... 28 20. NO PETITION ....................................................................................................................... 28 21. PRESCRIPTION................................................................................................................... 28 22. NOTICES............................................................................................................................... 29 23. RIGHT TO REPRESENT A NOTEHOLDER..................................................................... 29 24. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION........................................................................ 30

LEGAL#9028436v3

1 (31)

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a VP Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002 (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) as applied by the Group in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes held by a Group Company or an Affiliate.

"Affiliate" means (i) the Parent, (ii) a Subsidiary of the Parent, other than a Group Company, (iii) an entity under common control with the Issuer or the Parent, (iv) a Nordic Capital Fund and (v) an entity controlled by a Nordic Capital Fund.

"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.

"Agent" means CorpNordic Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556625-5476, P.O. Box 16285, 103 25 Stockholm, Sweden, fax: +46 8 402 72 99, email: trustee@corpnordic.com, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Agent Fee" means all fees and expenses payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement.

"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:

(a) 1.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount; and

(b) an amount equal to

(i) 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 50 per cent. of the Interest Rate; plus

(ii) all remaining scheduled Interest payments on the Note until the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date),

discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date) using a discount rate equal to the yield of the Swedish Government Bond SGB with a maturity date on the First Call Date (or if such bonds should have been redeemed a Swedish Government Bond maturing on or around the First Call Date) plus 0.50 per cent, minus

(iii) the Nominal Amount.

"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business, other than over the Internet only, in Stockholm, Sweden and (in

2 (31)
relation to any date for payment or purchase of Euro) any day on which the Trans European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.
"Change of Control Event" means an event or a series of events resulting in:
(a) as long as no shares in the Issuer are listed or admitted to trading on a market place, any person or group, not being a Nordic Capital Fund, controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or otherwise acquires the power to appoint or remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors of the Issuer; and
(b) following a listing or admission to trading of all or part of the shares in the Issuer on a market place, one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert), other than a Nordic Capital Fund, acquiring thirty (30) per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise establishing control over thirty (30) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer.
"Consolidated Net Debt" means on a Group consolidated basis (i) the aggregate amount of all interest-bearing obligations (not including any Shareholder Debt permitted under these Terms and Conditions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any receivable owed by the Issuer to the Parent pursuant to a group contribution made in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) (including financial lease obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases) less (ii) cash in hand or at a bank and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
"Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of total Consolidated Net Debt to EBITDA, calculated in accordance with Clause 12.5.3.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB. Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or may become quoted, listed or otherwise traded on a Regulated Market or any other trading platform.
"EBITDA" means earnings of the Group (i) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and (ii) without taking into account any Software Expenditure, for any 12 month period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most relevant financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 11.1 (b). For the purpose of calculating EBITDA, entities acquired or disposed of during a measurement period will be included or excluded (as applicable) for the entirety of that measurement period.
"Euro" or "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13.1.

3 (31)
"Existing Financing" means the terms and revolving credit facilities agreement dated 19 December 2011 between the Issuer as borrower and Swedbank AB (publ) as lender.
"Final Maturity Date" means the date falling five (5) years after the First Issue Date.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Share Pledge Agreements, any Loan Pledge Agreement, the Subordination Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Noteholders) as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) moneys borrowed;
(b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in the accounts for the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition are met under the Accounting Principles);
(d) any bond or note or other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(e) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) other transactions, included but not limited to futures, having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Net Payable" means for any 12 month period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 11.1 (b), calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles, the aggregate of all financial expenses for the Group (excluding financial expenses for Shareholder Debt):
(a) minus all financial income;
(b) minus/plus unrealised losses/gains on currency fluctuations related to hedges of financial items in balance sheet and/or income statement, derivative instruments and financial instruments, other than any derivative instruments which are

4 (31)
designated as hedges of operational items and/or derivatives accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"First Call Date" means the first Business Day falling three (3) years after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 27 November 2012, or such later date on which the Initial Notes are issued.
"Group" means the Issuer and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clause 5 (Interest).
"Interest Cover Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Financial Net Payable calculated in accordance with Clause 12.5.4.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 October and 20 April of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. The first Interest Payment Date shall be 20 April 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a fixed interest rate of 8.5 per cent per annum.
"Intra-Group Loan" means any intra-group loan granted by the Issuer to Orc or Promyzer which is in an amount that in aggregate at any time, with all other such loans to Orc or Promyzer, respectively (and which is not subject to a Loan Pledge) exceeds SEK 10,000,000.
"Issuer" means Orc Group Holding AB (publ) (formerly Cidron Delfi Intressenter AB (publ)), Swedish Reg. No. 556873-5913.
"Issuing Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Loan Pledge" means any Security over any Intra-Group Loan, provided by the Issuer in favour of the Secured Parties represented by the Agent and the WCF Provider(s), on the terms set out in Clause 9.5.
"Loan Pledge Agreement" means any loan pledge agreement between the Issuer, the Agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (in its capacity as WCF Provider) or its agent and/or another WCF Provider(s) providing Working Capital Financing from time to time, under which a Loan Pledge is provided.

5 (31)
"Material Subsidiary" means each Group Company which together with its subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) has EBITDA or revenue representing 5 per cent. or more of the total consolidated EBITDA or revenue of the Group.
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Note the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which that Note has been repaid pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Voluntary partial repayment).
"Nordic Capital Funds" mean each of (i) Nordic Capital V, L.P. (the "Nordic Capital Fund V"), acting through Nordic Capital V Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund V, (ii) Nordic Capital VI Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VI Beta, L.P. (together, the "Nordic Capital Fund VI"), acting through Nordic Capital VI Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund VI, (iii) Nordic Capital VII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VII Beta, L.P. (together, the "Nordic Capital Fund VII"), acting through Nordic Capital VII Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund VII, (iv) Nordic Capital VIII Alpha, L.P. and Nordic Capital VIII Beta, L.P. (together, the "Nordic Capital Fund VIII"), acting through Nordic Capital VIII Limited in its capacity as general partner to the Nordic Capital Fund VIII and (v) any other funds launched as a "Nordic Capital Fund" from time to time.
"Notes" means the debt instruments (skuldförbindelse) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Noteholder" means a person who is registered on a VP Account as holder of a Note. In respect of Notes registered with an authorised nominee förvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or otherwise registered in the name of a nominee as holder, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions.
"Noteholders' Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Clause 15 (Noteholders'Meeting).
"Orc" means Orc Group AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556313-4583.
"Parent" means Cidron Delfi Intressenter Holding AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556871-8141.
"Permitted Costs Payments" means the payment of running costs (including taxes, board remuneration and costs, auditing fees and fees for consulting services) by the Issuer or its direct or indirect holding companies and costs associated with such holding structure of the Group (including any payment of taxes), in an aggregate maximum amount of the actual costs incurred by the Issuer or its direct or indirect holding companies and in any event no more than SEK 5,000,000 (excluding any amounts to be used for payment of taxes) payable by the Group as a whole in each financial year of the Issuer.
"Permitted Distribution" means the distribution by the Issuer to the Parent of the Issuer's rights under the inter-company loan agreement entered into on 5 October 2012 between the Issuer as lender and the Parent as borrower in the amount of SEK 70,000,000.
"Permitted Shareholder Loan Repayment" means the repayment by the Issuer to the Parent of any Shareholder Loan in full (plus any interest accrued thereon), made by way of set-off against the subscription price for shares in the Issuer in a new issuance against set off (kvittningsemission).
"Promyzer" means Promyzer AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556632-7580.

6 (31)
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to a relevant date (or such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date, if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market).
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be repaid or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Repayment and Repurchase o f the Notes).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (reglerad marknad) (as defined in the Securities Market Act (lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden)).
"Repaid Percentage" means the percentage of the Nominal Amount of each Note repaid pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Voluntary partial repayment).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all obligations and liabilities under the Notes) and the Agency Agreement.
"Secured Parties" means the Noteholders and the Agent.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Shareholder Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness owed by the Issuer to the Parent.
"Shareholder Loan" means (i) the shareholder loan in the maximum amount of SEK 200,000,000 (excluding interest) granted by the Parent to the Issuer on the First Issue Date, in connection with the Parent's assumption of all liabilities under the Swedbank Bridge Facility, and (ii) the subordinated shareholder loan agreement dated 30 January 2012 in a maximum amount of SEK 620,000,000 (exluding interest) granted by the Parent to the Issuer, in each case on the terms set out in the relevant Shareholder Loan Agreement .
"Shareholder Loan Agreement" means the shareholder loan agreement evidencing the respective Shareholder Loan.
"Share Pledge" means the Security over the shares in Promyzer and Orc, provided by the Issuer in favour of the Secured Parties represented by the Agent and the WCF Provider(s), in accordance with Clause 9.1.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means each of the share pledge agreements between the Issuer, the Agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (in its capacity as WCF Provider) or its agent and/or another WCF Provider(s) providing Working Capital Financing from time to time, under which the Share Pledge is provided.
"Software Expenditure" means all expenditure incurred by a Group Company for the purpose of developing, amending or enhancing the technology solutions produced by the Group.
"Subordination Agreement" means the subordination agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date between the Parent, the Issuer, the Agent, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (in its capacity as WCF Provider) or its agent and/or another WCF Provider(s) providing Working Capital Financing from time to time.

7 (31)

"Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date at one or several occasions.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Companies Act (Aktiebolagslagen).

"Swedbank Bridge Facility" means the bridge facility agreement to be dated on or about the First Issue Date between the Parent as borrower and Swedbank AB (publ) as lender.

"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time.

"VP Account" means a securities account (account for shares and other securities (avstämningskonto)) according to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which each Noteholder's holding of Notes is registered, or such other securities account in a similar dematerialised system in which the Notes may be registered from time to time.

"Working Capital Financing" means any revolving, overdraft, leasing or guarantee credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding SEK 145,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) at any time.

"WCF Enforcement Event" means when the Agent has received a notice from a WCF Provider or its agent under a Share Pledge Agreement and/or under a Loan Pledge Agreement stating that an event of default under the Working Capital Financing provided by such WCF Provider has occurred.

"WCF Obligations" means all present, future and contingent obligations and liabilities of the Group Companies to the WCF Provider(s) under any Working Capital Financing and under any finance documents relating thereto, including all present, future and contingent obligations of the Issuer to a WCF Provider under any guarantee granted by the Issuer under or in respect of any Working Capital Financing and under any finance documents relating thereto.

"WCF Provider" means each bank or other financial institution providing Working Capital Financing to the Group from time to time and that is beneficiary (directly or indirectly) of the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge in accordance with Clause 9 (Transaction Security).

1.2

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as replaced, supplemented, amended, novated or varied from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;

8 (31)

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a WCF Enforcement Event is continuing if the relevant event of default under the relevant Working Capital Financing has not been remedied or waived;

(f) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(g) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.

1.3

When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been

attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate

of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as

published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its web site (www.riksbank.se).

2.

STATUS OF THE NOTES AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS

2.1

The Notes are denominated in Euro.

2.2

The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is EUR 100,000 (the "Initial Nominal

Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Notes is EUR 60,000,000.

2.3

All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the

Initial Nominal Amount.

2.4

Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii)

the Issuer complies with the ratios set out in Clause 12.5.1, the Issuer may, at one or

several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall be issued subject to the

Terms and Conditions, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN number, the interest rate,

the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply also to

Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a

higher price than the Nominal Amount.

2.5

Each Subsequent Note issued in accordance with Clause 2.4 shall entitle its respective

holder to Interest only from the end of the previous Interest Period for which Interest has

been paid, but shall otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.

2.6

The Notes constitute direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times

rank pari passu and without any preference among them.

2.7

Each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.

2.8

Following a WCF Enforcement Event and for as long as it is continuing, no payments may

be made by the Issuer to the Noteholders under or in relation to the Notes (notwithstanding

any other provisions to the contrary herein). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the

Issuer to timely make any payments due under the Notes shall constitute an Event of

Default pursuant to Clause 13.1(a) and the unpaid amount shall carry default interest

pursuant to Clause 7 (Default Interest).

2.9

In the case of insolvency of the Issuer, the Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer

under the Notes will be subordinated to the Financial Indebtedness owed by the Issuer

under any Working Capital Financing.

9 (31)

3.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes towards (i) partial repayment of the Existing Financing, (ii) repayment of the Shareholder Loan (to enable the Parent to make repayments under the Swedbank Bridge Facility) and (iii) for general corporate purposes.

4.

NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

4.1

The Notes will be registered on behalf of the Noteholders on a VP-Account and no

physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be

directed to an Account Operator. Those who according to assignment, Security, the

provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Foraldrabalken), conditions of will

or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note

shall be required to register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the

Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

4.2

The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by

the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

4.3

For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting under Clause 15

(Noteholders'Meeting) or any direct communication to the Noteholders under Clause 16

(Decisions by way o f direct communication), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

4.4

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to individuals employed by the

Agent, as directed by the Agent, in order for such individual to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

5.

INTEREST

5.1

Each Initial Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the First Issue

Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Note will carry

Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling

immediately prior to their issuance up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

Interest accrues during an Interest Period.

5.2

The Interest shall be calculated on a 30/360-days basis.

6.

PAYMENT OF INTEREST AND REPAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL

6.1

Subject to Clause 2.8 and Clause 6.2, payment of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be

made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

6.2

Following the occurrence of a WCF Enforcement Event and for as long as it is continuing,

no payment of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be made to the Noteholders. However,

Interest shall continue to accrue during such period and any overdue interest shall carry

default interest pursuant to Clause 7 (Default Interest). For the avoidance of doubt, the

10 (31)

failure to pay interest on the due date shall constitute an Event of Default pursuant to Clause 13.1(a).

6.3

Any payment, repayment or repurchase amount due under the Notes shall be made to such

person who is registered as a Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to an

Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

6.4

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest

shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on

the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the

Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. However, Interest

only accrues up to and including the relevant payment date. Should the CSD, due to a

delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of

amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the relevant

Noteholder being registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such

obstacle has been removed.

6.5

If payment or repayment is effectuated in accordance with this Clause 6, the Issuer and the

CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective if such payment

was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

7.

DEFAULT INTEREST

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent. higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue in case the failure to pay was attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the relevant Interest Rate shall apply instead.

8. 8.1 8.1.1
8.1.2
8.1.3

APPOINTMENT AND DUTIES OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes, the Share Pledge, any Loan Pledge and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary or desirable for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
No Noteholder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Issuer in matters relating to the Notes, the Finance Documents, the Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge, unless

11 (31)

8.1.4
8.2 8.2.1 8.2.2 8.2.3
8.2.4
8.2.5 8.2.6

the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders to take certain actions against the Issuer but refrains from taking such actions within reasonable time.
For so long as any Note is outstanding, the Agent shall act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents. However, with respect to the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge, the Agent shall also represent the WCF Provider(s) in accordance with Clause 9 (Transaction Security) and act with regard only to the interests of the WCF Provider(s) and the Noteholders. The Agent's duties and obligations in relation to the WCF Provider(s) are further set out in the Share Pledge Agreements and any Loan Pledge Agreement.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent each of the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge on behalf of the Noteholders and enforcing the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders.
The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts to advise the Agent when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent shall act reasonably in its use of such external experts and shall, where reasonably practicable and not detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders, consult the Issuer before engaging such external experts. The Issuer shall cover the Agent's costs for (i) legal external experts and (ii) provided an Event of Default has occurred or if the purpose is to investigate if an Event of Default has occurred (or otherwise with the prior consent of the Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)), financial external experts.
The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 14 (Noteholders' Consent), or in accordance with advice from or opinions of external experts engaged by the Agent, provided the Agent has acted with reasonable care. However, any compensation received by the Agent for damages caused by external experts of the Agent shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13.5.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a duty of confidentiality.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur in complying with instructions of the Noteholders will not be covered by an expected distribution of proceeds in accordance with Clause 13.5, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions until it has received such indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require, save that the Agent shall always notify the Noteholders about an Event of Default in accordance with Clause 13.4.

12 (31)

8.3 8.3.1
8.3.2

Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, the Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

9.

TRANSACTION SECURITY

9.1

As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the

Issuer grants on the First Issue Date to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent, the

Share Pledge on the terms set out in the Share Pledge Agreements. In the Share Pledge

Agreements, the Issuer grants the Share Pledge, as continuing Security for the due and

punctual fulfilment of the WCF Obligations, to the WCF Provider(s).

9.2

The Agent will hold the Share Pledge on behalf of the Secured Parties and the WCF

Provider(s) in accordance with the Share Pledge Agreements.

9.3

If the Issuer provides an Intra-Group Loan to Orc or Promyzer, the Issuer shall promptly

enter into a Loan Pledge Agreement in respect of such Intra-Group Loan creating Security

over such Intra-Group Loan for the benefit of the Secured Parties and the WCF

Provider(s), on the terms set out in Clause 9.5.

9.4

Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Noteholders in accordance

with Clause 14 (Noteholders' Consent), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the

Noteholders' consent), be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party

or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of

maintaining, releasing or enforcing the Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge or for the purpose

of settling the Noteholders', the WCF Provider(s)' or the Issuer's rights to the Share Pledge

or any Loan Pledge, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Share Pledge

Agreements and the Loan Pledge Agreements and these Terms and Conditions.

9.5

The Issuer shall from time to time be entitled to let a bank or other financial institution that

provides Working Capital Financing to the Group from time to time have the benefit of the

Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge, provided that:

(a) subject to paragraph (f), the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge shall secure the WCF Obligations on the same terms, mutatis mutandis, as it secures the Secured Obligations;

(b) each WCF Provider shall directly or through an agent or a trustee be a party to the Share Pledge Agreements and any Loan Pledge Agreement;

(c) the Agent shall hold the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge on behalf of the WCF Provider(s) on the same terms, mutatis mutandis, as the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge is held by the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties;

13 (31)

(d) an Event of Default under these Terms and Conditions shall also constitute an event of default under the Working Capital Financing;

(e) the Share Pledge Agreement and the Loan Pledge Agreement may contain (i) an obligation for the Agent to consult with the WCF Provider(s) during a period of thirty (30) Business Days before any Security is enforced, (ii) a right for the WCF Provider(s) to instruct the Agent in respect of the enforcement process if an enforcement of the relevant Security has not been initiated in accordance with the instructions of the Noteholders within three (3) months from the expiry of the consultation period, and (iii) a right for the WCF Provider(s) to instruct the Agent in respect of the enforcement process if the WCF Obligations have not been discharged in full within six (6) months from the expiry of the consultation period; and

(f) upon an enforcement of the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge, the proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13.5.

9.6

Provided that the terms in Clauses 9.5 are complied with, the Agent may from time to time,

at the request of the Issuer, amend vary and/or restate the Share Pledge Agreements and

any Loan Pledge Agreement on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties in order to release

Security provided to an existing WCF Provider (with the prior consent of such existing

WCF Provider) and/or to create Security in favour of a new WCF Provider.

9.7

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the enforcement of

the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and

must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Secured Parties, the WCF Provider(s)

or the Issuer as the case may be. The Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to be

made in accordance with Clause 13.5. If the Agent deems it appropriate, it may instruct the

Issuing Agent to execute payments to the Noteholders.

10. 10.1 10.1.1
10.1.2
10.2

REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES
Repayment at maturity
Subject to Clause 10.1.2, the Issuer shall repay all outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the repayment shall occur on the next Business Day.
For as long as a WCF Enforcement Event is continuing, no repayments may be made by the Issuer under Clause 10.1.1. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Issuer to repay all outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date in accordance with Clause 10.1.1 shall constitute an Event of Default pursuant to Clause 13.1(a) and the unpaid amount shall carry default interest pursuant to Clause 7 (Default Interest).
Issuer's purchase of Notes
The Issuer, any other Group Company or an Affiliate may, subject to applicable law, at any time purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. The Notes held by the Issuer, any other Group Company or an Affiliate may at its discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.

14 (31)

10.3
10.4 10.4.1 10.4.2 10.4.3

Voluntary total repayment
The Issuer may repay all, but not only some, outstanding Notes in full:
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest) plus the Applicable Premium;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 50 per cent. of the Interest Rate (plus accrued but unpaid Interest);
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount plus 25 per cent. of the Interest Rate (plus accrued but unpaid Interest); and/or
(d) provided that the repayment is financed by way of another issue of Debt Instruments, any time from and including the first Business Day falling four and a half (4,5) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest).
Voluntary partial repayment
Subject to Clause 10.4.4, the Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding EUR 10,000 of principal debt outstanding per Note (rounded off to a multiple of EUR 100) at one occasion per twelve month period during the first three years after the First Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Notes shall be repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date. The payment per Note shall be equal to the repaid amount plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as determined pursuant to Clause 10.4.3 and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Subject to Clause 10.4.4, the Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer, repay up to thirty-five (35) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Notes shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such initial public offering and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such offering (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering). The repayment per Note shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 100) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as determined pursuant to Clause 10.4.3 and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
The premium payable in connection with a repayment pursuant to Clauses 10.4.1 and 10.4.2 shall, for the first EUR 10,000 repaid per Note during each twelve month period until the third anniversary of the First Issue Date, be three (3) per cent. of such part of the repaid amount and otherwise be equal to the Interest Rate multiplied by the remaining part of the repaid amount.

15 (31)

10.4.4 10.5 10.6 10.6.1
10.6.2
10.7

Notwithstanding Clauses 10.4.1 and 10.4.2, the aggregate amount repaid pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may not exceed thirty-five (35) per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount immediately prior to the first repayment pursuant to this Clause 10.4.
Early repayment due to illegality
The Issuer may repay all outstanding Notes at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount plus accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some of, its Notes be repurchased by the Issuer, at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest), during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 11.1(c) (after which time period such rights lapse). If a Noteholder has so requested, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within twenty (20) Business Days from the end of such period. The Notes repurchased by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
Notwithstanding Clause 10.6.1, no repurchases of Notes may be made by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 10.6.1 for as long as a WCF Enforcement Event is continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure by the Issuer to timely repurchase the Notes in accordance with Clause 10.6.1 shall constitute an Event of Default pursuant to Clause 13.1(a) and the unpaid amount shall carry default interest pursuant to Clause 7 (Default Interest).
Notice of repayment
Repayment in accordance with Clauses 10.3 (Voluntary total repayment) to 10.5 (Early repayment due to illegality) and Clause 10.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event) shall be made by giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent in accordance with Clause 22 (Notices). Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice period, the Issuer is bound to repay the Notes at the applicable amounts specified above in Clauses 10.3 to 10.5 and Clause 10.6.

11.

INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS

11.1

The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders and the Agent

by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Group:

(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within six (6) months after the end of the financial year 2012 and thereafter within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year;

(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its unaudited consolidated financial statements and the year-end report (bokslutskommuniké) (when applicable) for such period, except that its unaudited consolidated financial statements for the third quarter in the financial year 2012 shall be made available on or before 19 December 2012;

16 (31)

(c) as soon as the same become available to the Issuer, information about the occurrence of a Change of Control Event; and

(d) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market or market place on which the Notes are listed or traded, as the case may be.

11.2

The Issuer shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions available on the

website of the Group.

11.3

When the financial statements are made available pursuant to Clause 11.1 (b) (or, in

relation to item (i) only, as soon as practically possible after the request of the Agent) the

Issuer shall submit to the Agent a compliance certificate (i) containing a confirmation that

no Event of Default has occurred (or if such Event of Default has occurred, what steps

have been taken to remedy such Event of Default), (ii) containing a specification of the

number of Notes held by the Issuer, an Affiliate or a Group Company and (iii) attaching

copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market or market place on which the Notes are

listed or traded, as the case may be. The compliance certificate shall include calculations

and figures in respect of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Cover Ratio.

11.4

The Issuer is obliged to promptly notify the Agent (with full particulars) when the Issuer is

or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or (ii) that an Event

of Default has occurred or will occur, and shall provide the Agent with such further

information as it may request in writing (acting reasonably) following receipt of such

notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that

no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not

have actual knowledge of such circumstance.

12. 12.1 12.1.1
12.1.2
12.2

GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
Business of the Group
The Issuer shall not conduct any other business than owning shares in Promyzer and Orc, issuing the Notes and providing normal management services to the Group (including employing relevant staff for such services). The Issuer shall not directly acquire or invest (whether by one transaction or by a series of related transactions) in the share capital or partnership interest in any company (or equivalent) (other than in Promyzer and Orc) or a business or assets constituting a separate business or line of business.
The Issuer shall procure that the Group shall remain in the business of providing technology solutions and associated services to financial services companies, authorities, exchanges and other customers with a need to access the financial markets and that the Group does not conduct any other business than providing technology solutions and associated services to financial services companies, authorities, exchanges and other customers with a need to access the financial markets.
Authorisations
The Issuer shall (and shall procure that all Group Companies will) obtain, maintain, and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, licence and consent required for the conduct of its business if a failure to do so is reasonably likely to have a material adverse

17 (31)

12.3 12.3.1 12.3.2 12.3.3 12.4 12.4.1
12.4.2
12.5 12.5.1

effect on the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Finance Documents or the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
Mergers and de-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating its assets and obligations with any company or entity.
None of Promyzer or Orc shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating its assets and obligations with any company or entity, except for a merger with a wholly-owned Group Company with either Promyzer or Orc as surviving entity.
None of the Issuer, Promyzer or Orc shall carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving splitting it into two or more separate companies or entities.
Disposal of business
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of the shares in Promyzer or Orc other than:
(a) in respect of the shares in Promyzer, to Orc; or
(b) in respect of the shares in Orc, to Promyzer,
in each case provided that any such sale or disposal shall be subject to the Share Pledge.
The Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company shall sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its assets or operations (including shares in other Group Companies) unless the transaction is carried out on arm's-length terms and for fair market value and:
(a) where (i) the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio immediately following such disposal is below 3.0:1 calculated in accordance with Clause 12.5.3 (but excluding any business to be disposed from EBITDA) and (ii) the Interest Cover Ratio immediately following such disposal is not below 2.0:1 calculated in accordance with Clause 12.5.4, each calculated as per a testing date falling no more than one month prior to the disposal (any cash balance resulting from the disposal shall reduce the Consolidated Net Debt); or
(b) such transaction does not (calculated on a 12 month historic rolling basis) cause the net disposals (i.e. acquisitions minus disposals) to exceed assets or operations representing 10 per cent. of the total consolidated EBITDA of the Group.
Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no Group Companies will) incur any new Financial Indebtedness (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the issuance of any Subsequent Notes by the Issuer) unless (i) the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio tested pro forma including such incurrence is below 3.0:1, (ii) the Interest Cover Ratio is 2.0:1 or above and (iii) such new Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer (other than new Financial Indebtedness incurred as a result of the issue of Subsequent Notes) matures after the Final Maturity Date.

18 (31)

12.5.2 12.5.3

The restriction set out in Clause 12.5.1 shall not apply to:
(a) Financial Indebtedness in respect of which the Noteholders have given their prior consent;
(b) Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Working Capital Financing for the sole purpose of financing short term working capital needs and guarantees and not to facilitate long term financing needs;
(c) Shareholder Debt (subordinated pursuant to the Subordination Agreement);
(d) derivative transactions (unless for speculative purposes);
(e) Financial Indebtedness between Group Companies;
(f) a guarantee issued by a Group Company for the obligations of another Group Company;
(g) guarantees and normal liabilities having the effect of borrowing in the ordinary course of business with a maximum duration of 180 days;
(h) finance leases of equipment and machinery used by a Group Company; and
(i) any new Financial Indebtedness not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (h) above, provided that the aggregate amount of such new indebtedness does not exceed SEK 10,000,000 during each calendar year.
The Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio shall be calculated in the following manner:
(a) the calculation shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness;
(b) the figures for EBITDA set out in the latest financial statements published pursuant to Clause 11.1 (a) or (b) (including, when necessary, financial statements published before the First Issue Date) shall be used, but adjusted so that:
(i) entities acquired or disposed after the end of the measurement period but before the relevant testing date will be included or excluded (as applicable) for the entire measurement period;
(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from the new Financial Indebtedness will be included for the entire measurement period;
(iii) the EBITDA figures will be adjusted to take into account reasonable cost savings expected by the management of the Issuer to be achieved for the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of an acquisition referred to in paragraph (ii) above;
(iv) the EBITDA figures will be adjusted to take into account reasonable synergies and cost savings expected by the management of the Issuer to be achieved for the Group during the coming 12 months as a result of an acquisition of intellectual property rights or other assets, and for the purpose of such calculation (A) the revenues of the acquired assets shall be assumed to be equivalent of the revenues that have been derived from such

19 (31)

12.5.4 12.6 12.6.1
12.6.2

assets in the selling entity's business, as reasonably evidenced by the Issuer, and (B) the EBITDA margin relating to such assets shall be assumed to be the same EBITDA margin as the EBITDA margin in the Group for the last twelve months, as reasonably evidenced by the Issuer; and
(v) the aggregate increase of the EBITDA for the Group, following adjustments in accordance with (iii) and (iv) above, shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the EBITDA for the Group; and
(c) the amount of Consolidated Net Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date but include the new Financial Indebtedness provided that it is an interest bearing obligation.
The Interest Cover Ratio shall be calculated in the following manner:
(a) the calculation shall be made for a 12-month period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent financial statements published pursuant to Clause 11.1 (a) or (b);
(b) the figures for EBITDA and Financial Net Payable set out in the latest financial statements published pursuant to Clause 11.1 (a) or (b) (including, when necessary, financial statements published before the First Issue Date) shall be used for such calculation; and
(c) the figures for EBITDA shall be adjusted in accordance with Clause 12.5.3 (b).
Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not:
(a) create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues;
(b) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or re-acquired by any Group Company;
(c) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms;
(d) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or
(e) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect,
in respect of items (b) to (e), in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset.
Clause 12.6.1 does not apply to:
(a) Security provided to the Noteholders and the Agent under the Finance Documents;
(b) Security provided to WCF Providers on the terms set out in Clause 9.5;

20 (31)

12.7 12.7.1
12.7.2 12.7.3

(c) any Security provided to secure the potential obligations to the involved parties in the squeeze-out procedure in respect of the acquisition by the Issuer of the minority shares in Orc or any counter-indemnity required in respect of such obligations;
(d) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances;
(e) any lien arising by operation of law, retention-of-title arrangements relating to prepayments or similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business and not as a result of any default or omission by the Issuer;
(f) financial leases permitted to be entered into pursuant to Clause 12.5 (Financial Indebtedness);
(g) any Security for, or payment or close-out netting or set-off arrangement in respect of, derivative transactions permitted pursuant to Clause 12.5.2 (d); or
(h) any Security or preferential arrangement not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (e) above, securing indebtedness the principal amount of which does not in aggregate exceed SEK 5,000,000.
Distributions
Subject to Clause 12.7.2, the Issuer shall not, if and for as long as (i) the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (calculated as set out in Clause 12.5.3 (applied mutatis mutandis for a distribution), adjusted on a pro forma basis to take into account any proposed distribution) is 3.0:1 or above, (ii) the Interest Cover Ratio (calculated as set out in Clause 12.5.4) is below 2.0:1, or (iii) an Event of Default is continuing make any dividend payment, repurchase of shares or make other similar transactions (including, but not limited to total return swaps related to shares in the Issuer), repay or pay interest under any Shareholder Debt, grant any loans or make other distributions or transfers of value (värdeöverföringar) to the Parent, any Affiliate or other third parties (including management) other than Permitted Costs Payments, the Permitted Distribution and the Permitted Shareholder Loan Repayments which shall at all times be allowed provided that in the case of each Permitted Shareholder Loan Repayment only, (A) such repayment shall not be allowed if an Event of Default is continuing or would be caused by such repayment and (B) such repayment is either (i) funded with proceeds received from an issue or issues of Subsequent Notes before the first anniversary of the First Issue Date or (ii) made by way of set-off as payment of the subscription price for newly issued shares in the Issuer in connection with a new issue against set-off (kvittningsemission).
Notwithstanding Clause 12.7.1, distributions shall not for any financial year exceed 50 per cent of the Issuer's consolidated net profit after tax based on the audited annual accounts for the previous financial year.
Notwithstanding Clause 12.7.1, the Issuer shall be entitled to give group contributions (koncernbidrag), provided that no cash or other funds are transferred from the Issuer as a result thereof (i.e. the group contributions are merely accounting measures) and provided that such distribution is subsequently converted into a shareholder's contribution to the Issuer as soon as practically possible.

21 (31)

12.8

Listing

The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Initial Notes are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm within five (5) months after the First Issue Date, and that the Initial Notes remain so listed or, if such listing is not possible to obtain or maintain, listed or traded on another Regulated Market or market place. Upon the issue of Subsequent Notes, the Issuer shall promptly, but not later than ten (10) Business Days after the relevant Issue Date, procure that the volume of Notes listed is increased accordingly. The Issuer shall, following a listing or admission to trading, take all reasonable actions on its part required as a result of such listing or trading of the Notes.

12.9

Undertakings in relation to the Agent

12.9.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:

(a) pay remuneration to the Agent;

(b) indemnify the Agent for all costs, losses or liabilities; and

(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent.

12.9.2

The Issuer shall not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.

12.10 Pari passu ranking

Subject to the WCF Obligations (which rank senior to the payment obligations under the Notes), the Issuer must ensure that its payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with all its other present and future unsecured payment obligations, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.

12.11 Dealings between Group Companies and related parties

12.11.1

The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that each Group Company will) conduct all dealings with the shareholders of any Group Company (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates at arm's-lengths terms.

12.11.2

Notwithstanding Clause 12.5 (Financial Indebtedness), none of Promyzer or Orc shall make any loans or grant any credit to or for the benefit of the Issuer, other than (i) any loans made in order to serve the payments under the Notes, (ii) the inter-company loan already granted by Orc to the Issuer in an amount of SEK 325,000,000 and (iii) the inter company loan already granted by Orc to the Issuer in an amount of SEK 3,611,976. Any loans made in order to serve the payments under the Notes shall as soon as practically possible be netted out against dividends from Promyzer or Orc to the Issuer.

13.

ACCELERATION AND PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES

13.1

The Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Noteholders, (i) declare all, but not only some, of

the Notes due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines by

notice to the Issuer and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers or discretions

under the Finance Documents, if (each an "Event of Default"):

22 (31)
(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;
(b) the Issuer does not comply with any terms or conditions of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance:
(i) is capable of remedy; and
(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(c) a lender of Shareholder Debt or the Issuer does not comply with any terms or conditions of the Subordination Agreement to which it is a party, unless the non compliance:
(i) is capable of remedy; and
(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and such party becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(d) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied, and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect (directly or indirectly) on the interests of the Noteholders;
(e) the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is, or is deemed for the purposes of any Swedish law to be, insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)), suspends making payments on its debts or, by reason of actual financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion), or is subject to liquidation;
(f) any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (f) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness declared to be or otherwise becoming due and payable is less than SEK 25,000,000;
(g) the Group taken as a whole ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a material part of its business, except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions;
(h) any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects any asset or assets of a Group Company and is not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days; or
(i) a WCF Enforcement Event occurs.

23 (31)

13.2

Subject to Clause 13.3, upon an Event of Default, the Agent shall notify the Noteholders

thereof and consider whether it shall accelerate the Notes (without having to obtain the

Noteholders' prior consent) by notice to the Issuer, on a date determined by the Agent. The

Agent shall, promptly after the Agent received knowledge of that an Event of Default has

occurred, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate

the Notes, the Agent shall promptly obtain the instructions of the Noteholders in

accordance with Clause 14 (Noteholders' consent). If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to

accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes due and payable.

13.3

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law or a

government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that

the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.

13.4

In the event of an acceleration in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer shall repay the

Notes with an amount equal to the repayment set out in Clause 10.1 (Repayment at

maturity).

13.5

When the Notes have been accelerated in accordance with this Clause 13 or for as long as a

WCF Enforcement Event is continuing or when any Working Capital Financing for any

reason is due and payable in its entirety, all payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes

and to any Working Capital Financing and proceeds received from an enforcement of the

Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge shall be made and/or distributed in the following order

of priority:

(a) first, in or towards payment of the Agent Fee owed to the Agent under the Agency Agreement including all costs and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes, the enforcement of the Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge or the protection of the Noteholders' rights or the rights of the WCF Provider(s) under the Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge;

(b) secondly, to the WCF Provider(s) to satisfy the WCF Obligations in full;

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued Interest unpaid under the Notes;

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any principal unpaid under the Notes; and

(e) fifthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

14.

NOTEHOLDERS' CONSENT

14.1

A request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the

Noteholders shall (at the option of the party making the request) be dealt with at a

Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder:

(a) If at a Noteholders' Meeting, the provisions in Clause 15 (Noteholders'Meeting) shall apply and the requirements for a certain majority among the Noteholders set out in this Clause 14, shall only apply in relation to the Noteholders voting at the Noteholders' Meeting.

24 (31)

(b) If by way of direct communication, the provisions in Clause 16 (Decisions by way o f direct communication) shall apply and the requirements for a certain majority among the Noteholders set out in this Clause 14, shall only apply in relation to the Noteholders that have replied to the communication from the Agent or the Issuer within the stipulated time period.

14.2

A request by the Issuer or the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter not

covered by Clause 14.1 or a request by a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least

ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for any decision by the Noteholders

shall always be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.

14.3

The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least 80 per

cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a Noteholders'

Meeting or replying to a communication from the Agent or the Issuer:

(a) a change to the terms of Clause 2 (Status of the Notes and undertaking to make payments);

(b) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 13.5;

(c) release of Security granted for the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents (other than a release of the Security granted to the Noteholders over the shares in Orc, following a sale of Orc to Promyzer, or over the shares in Promyzer, following a sale of Promyzer to Orc, in accordance with Clause 12.4.1);

(d) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholder consent set out in Clauses 14 (Noteholders' consent), 15 (Noteholders' meeting) and 16 (Decisions by way o f direct communication);

(e) an extension of the term of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(f) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount (other than as a result of an application of Clause 10.4); and

(g) early repayment of the Notes, other than as permitted by these Terms and Conditions.

14.4

Subject to the terms of Clause 19 (Amendments by the Agent to the Finance Documents),

any change to, or waiver of, the Finance Documents that does not require a higher majority

shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least 60 per cent. of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or replying to

a communication from the Agent or the Issuer.

14.5

Any matter not covered by Clauses 14.3 and 14.4 (including but not limited to an

acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement of any Security for the Notes) shall require the

consent of Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal

Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or replying to a

communication from the Agent or the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a release of

Security granted to the Noteholders over the shares in Orc, following a sale of Orc to

Promyzer, or over the share in Promyzer, following a sale of Promyzer to Orc, in

accordance with Clause 12.4.1 shall only require the consent of Noteholders representing

more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount held by the Noteholders voting at

a Noteholders' Meeting or replying to a communication from the Agent or the Issuer.

25 (31)

14.6 14.7
14.8 14.9 14.10
14.11

Notwithstanding Clauses 14.3 to 14.5, any decision that adversely affects some but not all of the Noteholders (in their capacity as Noteholders) shall require the consent of all Noteholders that are adversely affected.
Notwithstanding Clauses 14.3 to 14.6, if a WCF Provider is a beneficiary of the Share Pledge and any Loan Pledge together with the Secured Parties, any action to be taken by the Agent under the Share Pledge Agreements or the Loan Pledge Agreements (including, but not limited to, an enforcement of the Share Pledge or any Loan Pledge) may require the consent of the WCF Provider, as stipulated in the relevant Share Pledge Agreement or Loan Pledge Agreement.
Notes held by a Group Company or an Affiliate shall not entitle to participation in decisions in respect of matters requiring Noteholders consent or any voting rights at a Noteholders' Meeting.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way.
A matter decided by a resolution passed at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder is binding on the Issuer and all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding to a communication. Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer and any decision which may adversely affect the rights and interests of the WCF Provider(s) (including (without limitation) decisions regarding amendments to Clauses 2.8, 2.9, 10, 13.5 and this Clause 14.10), shall be subject to the Issuer's consent.
Notice of the result of the voting on a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder shall be published by the Agent and the Issuer on their respective websites within ten (10) Business Days of such result being known, provided that the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result.

15.

NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING

15.1

Each of (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Agent, and (iii) a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at

least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, may at any time, in order to

conduct business in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, call for a meeting among

the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Agent (a "Noteholders' Meeting"). Such request shall

be made in writing to the Agent.

15.2

The Noteholders' Meeting may, subject to the requirements set out in Clause 14

(Noteholders' consent), decide upon any issue or matter in relation to the Finance

Documents.

15.3

The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each

Noteholder, promptly after receipt of a meeting request from the Issuer or the

Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons). The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii)

agenda for the meeting (including any request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent,

approval or agreement by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. The

Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than five (5) Business Days and no later than

ten (10) Business Days from the Agent's notice. Should the Issuer want to replace the

Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice to the Noteholders in

26 (31)

accordance with this Clause 15.3. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 17.3, the Issuer shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with this Clause 15.3 no earlier than five (5) Business Days and no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request.

15.4

Without amending or varying the regulations regarding the calling and/or the holding of

Noteholders' Meetings set out in these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe

such further regulations regarding the calling and/or the holding of such meetings as the

Agent may deem appropriate.

15.5

Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders)

representing at least twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the

meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised

representatives).

15.6

If a quorum does not exist at one Noteholders' Meeting, the Agent shall convene a second

Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 15.3). The quorum requirement in

Clause 15.5 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting.

15.7

Only such persons who are, or who have been provided with a power of attorney by a

person who is, registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the

date of the Noteholder's Meeting may participate and exercise voting rights as a

Noteholder.

16.

DECISIONS BY WAY OF DIRECT COMMUNICATION

16.1

If the Issuer or the Agent determines that a request by it for consent, approval, instructions

or agreement by the Noteholders shall be decided by way of direct communication, the

Agent shall promptly after receipt of a request from the Issuer (or such later date as may be

necessary for technical or administrative reasons), send a communication to each such

person who is registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the

date on which the communication is sent, by registered mail in accordance with Clause 22

(Notices). Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send such communication to

each Noteholder.

16.2

A communication from the Agent or the Issuer in accordance with Clause 16.1 shall

include (i) the request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or

agreement by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for the request, (iii) a form

for replying to the request (with an option to vote yes or no for each request) and (iv) the

stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time

period to be at least ten (10) Business Days after the date on which the communication was

dispatched).

16.3

No quorum requirement shall apply in respect of decisions taken by way of direct

communication.

16.4

Only such persons who are, or who have been provided with a power of attorney by a

person who is, registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the

distribution of the communication pursuant to Clause 16.1 may exercise voting rights as a

Noteholder.

27 (31)

17.

REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT

17.1

Subject to Clauses 17.4 to 17.8, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the

Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders may appoint a successor Agent.

17.2

If the Agent is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, insolvent, or

admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections

7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any

other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on its debts, by reason of actual or

anticipated financial difficulties, or commences negotiations with a view to rescheduling

any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company

Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) omforetagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any

other jurisdiction)), or is subject to liquidation, the Agent shall be deemed to have resigned

as Agent with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint

a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable

company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances. If the Issuer fails to appoint a

successor agent within such ten (10) Business Days period, the Issuing Agent may instead

appoint a successor Agent satisfying the aforementioned conditions.

17.3

A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer, require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held

for the purpose of dismissing the Agent (including any Agent appointed by the Issuer or

the Issuing Agent pursuant to Clause 17.1). The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting

convened by it or by way of direct communication initiated by it, propose to the

Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed. A decision to dismiss the Agent and a decision to

appoint a successor Agent shall each require the consent of the Noteholders in accordance

with Clause 14.5.

17.4

If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent in accordance with Clause 17.3

within ninety (90) days after the notice of resignation was given or the Agent was

dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Agent shall appoint a reputable party

as successor Agent.

17.5

The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such

documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably

request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance

Documents.

17.6

The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a

successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the

execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the Agent.

17.7

Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any

further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement but

shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement

in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor,

the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst

themselves under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement as they would have

had if such successor had been the original Agent.

17.8

In the event that there is a change in the identity of the Agent in accordance with this

Clause 17, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent

may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers

28 (31)

and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.

18.

REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a business bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial re-organisation according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

19.

AMENDMENTS BY THE AGENT TO THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS

19.1

Notwithstanding Clause 14 (Noteholders' Consent), the Agent may, without the prior

consent of the Noteholders, agree to amend the Finance Documents, provided that such

amendment does not adversely affect the interest of the Noteholders, or is made solely for

the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes.

19.2

The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments made in accordance

with Clause 19.1, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.

20.

NO PETITION

20.1

A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it

pursuant to the Finance Documents, or procure the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation

of the Issuer or the making of an administration order in relation to the Issuer or the filing

of documents with the court in relation to the Issuer or the service of a notice of intention

to appoint an administrator in relation to the Issuer in respect of any of the liabilities of the

Issuer under the Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under

Clause 8.1.3.

20.2

The provisions of Clause 20.1 shall not in any way limit a Noteholder's rights as a Secured

Party.

21.

PRESCRIPTION

21.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become

void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest

(excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years

from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for

payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been

prescribed and has become void.

21.2

If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act

on Limitations (Preskriptionslag 1981:130), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with

respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3)

years with respect to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised interest) will

29 (31)

commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.

22.

NOTICES

22.1

Any communication to be made to the Issuer or the Agent under or in connection with the

Finance Documents shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies

Registration Office (Bolagsverket) when the communication is dispatched and to the

Noteholders at their addresses as registered with the CSD, in each case when the

communication is dispatched or, in respect of Clause 16 (Decisions by way of direct

communication), on the Record Date set out in Clause 16.1.

22.2

The fax number and e-mail address of the Issuer and the Agent for any communication

under or in connection with the Finance Documents are:

The Issuer:

Fax: +46 8 506 477 01 E-mail: Tomas.Ljunglof@orc-group.com

The Agent:

Fax: +46 8 402 72 99 E-mail: trustee@corpnordic.com

or any substitute fax number or e-mail address as the Issuer or the Agent may notify each other of. The Issuer shall keep its and the Agent's current fax number and e-mail address available on the website of the Group together with the Terms and Conditions.

22.3

Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under or in

connection with these Terms and Conditions will only be effective:

(a) if by way of fax, when received in legible form;

(b) if by way of e-mail, when received in readable form; or

(c) if by way of letter, when it has been left at the relevant address or five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the post postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address;

and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details, if addressed to that department or officer.

22.4

Any notice received on a non-working day or after business hours in the place of receipt

will only be deemed to be given on the next working day in that place.

23.

RIGHT TO REPRESENT A NOTEHOLDER

23.1

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Notes owned by it. Any such representative may act

independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Notes for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder.

23.2

If the beneficial owner (ägaren) of any Notes registered in the name of a nominee wishes

to exercise any rights under these Terms and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney

from the nominee.

30 (31)

24.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

24.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

24.2

The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm

(Stockholms tingsrätt).

