TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DELTACO AB (PUBL) UP TO SEK 200 000 000
SENIOR UNSECURED FLOATING RATE NOTES 2014/2019 series no 1
ISIN: SE0005962214
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution o f this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in anyjurisdiction other than Sweden, where actionfor that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION..................................................................................... 3

2. STATUS OF THE NOTES........................................................................................................... 9

3. USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................... 10

4. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT.....................................................................................10

5. NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM............................................................................................10

6. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER.............................................................11

7. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES............................................................................11

8. INTEREST..................................................................................

12

9. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES...........................................................12

10. INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS......................................................................................14

11. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS.................................................................................................. 15

12. FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS............................................................................................... 16

13. ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES...........................................................................................17

14. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................. 19

15. DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS............................................................................................ 19

16. NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING.................................................................................................. 22

17. WRITTEN PROCEDURE..........................................................................................................22

18. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS........................................................................................... 23

19. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT....................................................23

20. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT................................... 26

21. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS......................................................................... 27

22. PRESCRIPTION..........................................................................................................................27

23. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES......................................................................................... 27

24. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY........................................................ 28

25. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION............................................................................. 29

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means prior to 1 January 2015 the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practises in Sweden as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements and from 1 January 2015 the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.

"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.

"Agent" means CorpNordic Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. no. 556625-5476, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:

(a) 3.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; and

(b) an amount equal to

(i) 103.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; plus

(ii) all remaining scheduled Interest payments on the Note until the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given),

discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be) using a discount rate equal to the yield of the Swedish Government Bond with a maturity date on or about the First Call Date plus 0.50 per cent., minus

(iii) accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date; and

(iv) the Nominal Amount.

The Applicable Premium shall be calculated and determined by the Issuing Agent.

3

"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" occurs if (i) any person or persons, acting collectively, acquires or takes Control over the Issuer, or (ii) a public offer is made in respect of the common shares in the Issuer and such offer is declared unconditional and the bidder, and any other person or persons acting together with the bidder, acquires or takes Control over the Issuer.
"Control" means (i) acquire or otherwise obtain control over, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent, of the total outstanding voting rights in the Issuer or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or discharge all or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors in the Issuer.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a Multilateral Trading Facility.
"Delisting Event" occurs if at any time: (i) the Issuer's common shares are not listed and traded on NASDAQ OMX First North or any Regulated Market, or (ii) trading with the Issuer's common shares on NASDAQ OMX First North or any Regulated Market is suspended during a period of more than 15 trading days when the NASDAQ OMX First North or any Regulated Market is at the same time open for trading. However (i) and (ii) shall not apply should the delisting or trading suspension occur as a result of a public offer for the shares in the Issuer by a company the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ OMX First North or any Regulated Market, in which case (i) and (ii) above shall apply mutatis mutandis to a delisting or trading suspension relating to the shares in the new listed owner.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13.1.
"Equity" shall mean the total consolidated equity of the Group in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Equity Ratio" means Equity divided by Total Assets excluding financial assets and cash equivalents according to the Accounting Principles.
"Final Maturity Date" means 22 May 2019.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a) loans or credit facilities utilized;
4

(b) issued convertible bonds, debentures, bonds or similar financial instruments;
(c) agreement regarding rent, purchase or leasing which under generally accepted accounting principles is to be regarded as financial leasing;
(d) transferred claims, unless such claims have been transferred without a right for the acquirer to raise claims against the transferor;
(e) derivative transactions, however, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the current market value shall be considered;
(f) counter-indemnities or other payment obligations relating to guarantees, letters of credit or other similar instruments or documents issued by a bank or other financial institution;
(g) other transactions, including futures contracts, that have the commercial effect of a borrowing; and
(h) liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"First Call Date" means the date falling three (3) years after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 22 May 2014.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 24.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act {lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means profit from operations (Rörelseresultat) divided with financial expenses, of the Group according to the Accounting Principles.
"Interest Payment Date" means 15 August, 15 November, 15 February and 15 May of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for
5

the Notes shall be 15 August 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 M STIBOR plus 4.00 per cent.per annum.
"Issuer" means Deltaco AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556116-4384.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordic Fixed Income AB with Reg. No. 556545-0383, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where the (i) the Notes are not listed on the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm exchange within twelve (12) months after the First Issue Date or (ii) at any time after twelve (12) months after the First Issue Date, the Notes cease to be listed on the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm exchange.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect in respect of (i) the Issuer's and/or the Group's business or financial position, (ii) the Issuer's ability to meet its payment obligations under the Terms and Conditions, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of rights under the Terms and Conditions.
"Material Group Company" means a Group Company whose total assets or revenue (excluding intra-Group items) equal or exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the total assets or revenues of the Group. For this purpose:
(a) the total assets or revenues of a Group Company will be determined from its financial statements (unconsolidated if it has Subsidiaries) upon which the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been based;
(b) if a person becomes a Group Company after the date on which the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been prepared, the total assets or revenues of that Group Company will be determined from its latest financial statements (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries);
(c) the total assets or revenues of the Group will be determined from its latest audited consolidated financial statements, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total assets or revenues of any company or business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and
(d) if a Material Group Company disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another Group Company, it will immediately cease to be a Material Group Company and the other Group Company (if it is not already) will immediately
6

become a Material Group Company; the subsequent financial statements of those Group Companies and the Group will be used to determine whether those Group Companies are Material Group Companies or not.
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Group Company, a certificate of the auditors of the Issuer will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive.
"Multilateral Trading Facility" means any multilateral trading facility as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner {ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 16 (Noteholders'Meeting).
"Note" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Noteholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ OMX's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
7

(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by Nordea Bank AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (or such other banks as may be appointed by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer); or

(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and

if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).

"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Total Assets" shall mean the total assets of the Group in accordance with the Accounting Principles.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, selfreguiatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

8

1.2.2
1.2.3 1.2.4 2. 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4
2.5 2.6 2.7

When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent, of the Nominal Amount. Minimum subscription at First Issue Date shall be SEK
1, 000, 000.
Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them, and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer other than those mandatorily preferred by law.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.

9

3.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes to refinance existing bank debt and to establish long term financing as well as for general corporate purposes, including intra-group lending.

4.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

4.1

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, prior to the issuance of the Initial Notes the

following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:

(a) the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement duly executed by the Issuer and the Agent;

(b) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Initial Notes, the terms o f the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement, and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith; and

(c) evidence that the person who has signed the Finance Documents, the Agency Agreement and any other documents in connection therewith on behalf of the Issuer is duly authorised to do so.

4.2

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, prior to the issuance of any Subsequent Notes the

following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:

(a) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Subsequent Notes and resolving to enter into documents necessary in connection therewith; and

(b) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the issue of the Subsequent Notes.

4.3

The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 or 4.2

is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case,

and the Agent does not have to verily the contents of any such documentation.

4.4

The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 or 4.2, as

the case may be, have been satisfied.

5.

NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

5.1

The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts

and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in

accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to

the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

5.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code {foraldrabcilken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise

have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts

Act.

10

5.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect

of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information

and provide it to the Agent.

5.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or any Written

Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register

kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

5.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.

6.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER

6.1

If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation

starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.

6.2

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.

6.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6.2 and may assume that it has

been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force

and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

7.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES

7.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of

a repurchase of any Notes, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder

on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such

other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the

relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

7.2

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest

shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on

the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the

Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD,

due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments

as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are

registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such

obstacle has been removed.

7.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest

shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8.4 during such postponement.

11

7.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

7.5

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue

of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

8.

INTEREST

8.1

Each Initial Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the First Issue

Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Note will carry

Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling

immediately prior to its issuance up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

8.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Notes shall

be made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest

Period.

8.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period

in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

8.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall

accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the

date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent, higher than the Interest Rate.

Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the

failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest

Rate shall apply instead.

9.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES

9.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.

9.2

Issuer's purchase of Notes

The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market. The Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.

9.3

Voluntary total redemption

(call option)

9.3.1

The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full:

(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium;

(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date at an amount per Note

12

9.3.2
9.4 9.4.1 9.4.2 9.4.3 9.5 9.5.1
9.5.2 9.5.3

equal to onehundredandthree (103) per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling four (4) years after the First Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to onehundredandone (101) per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(d) any time from and including the first Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse).
A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, Delisting Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a (i) Change of Control Event, a (ii) Delisting Event, or a (iii) Listing Failure, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased by the Issuer at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event, the Delisting Event or the Listing Failure pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of such event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased.
If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to
13

9.5.4 9.5.5 9.5.6
10. 10.1 10.1.1
10.1.2 10.1.3

Clause 10.1.2. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Group:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year;
(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its unaudited consolidated financial statements or the year-end report (bokslutskommunike) (as applicable) for such period; and
(c) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaderi) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Delisting Event or a Listing Failure. A notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of such event, conditioned upon the occurrence thereof.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a compliance certificate (i) containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it, and (ii) attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. The compliance certificate shall be in a form agreed between the Issuer and the Agent and include a confirmation that no Event of Default has

14

occurred and include figures and the basis on which the Equity Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio have been calculated.

10.1.4

The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.

10.2

Information from the Agent

10.2.1

The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.

10.2.2

If a committee representing the Noteholders' interests under the Finance Documents has been appointed by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders), the members of such committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer, provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of such members, is beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Agent shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the members of the committee.

10.3 Publication of Finance Documents

10.3.1

The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.

10.3.2

The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.

11.

GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS

11.1

Compliance with laws

The Group shall comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations to which it may be subject, and its articles of association and other constitutional documents.

11.2

Nature of business and admission to trading

11.2.1

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group (taken as a whole) from that carried on at the date of issue of the Notes and (ii) it does not dispose of any Subsidiary if such disposal has a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its payment obligations under the Notes.

11.2.2

The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Notes is admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of

15

NASDAQ OMX Stockholm within twelve (12) months after issuance, and that it remains admitted.

11.2.3

Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to maintain the admission as long as any Notes are outstanding, but not longer than up to and including the last day on which the admission to trading reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of the Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist.

11.3

Market Loan and Negative pledge

11.3.1

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, issues any Market Loan with maturity date before the Final Maturity Date, nor any Market Loan with the option of early redemption prior to the Final Maturity Date.

11.3.2

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Market Loan.

11.4

Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement

11.4.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:

(a) pay fees to the Agent;

(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;

(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and

(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.

11.4.2

The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders.

12.

FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS

The Issuer undertakes for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Notes to comply or, as relevant, procure the compliance with the financial covenants set out in this Clause 12, based on the consolidated financial statements for the Issuer most recently delivered under Clause 10.1.1.

12.1

Equity Ratio

The Equity Ratio of the Group shall at any time not be less than twentyfive (25) percent.

12.2

Interest Coverage Ratio

The Interest Coverage Ratio of the Group shall at any time not be less than 2.0 on a rolling twelve-month basis.

16

13.

ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES

13.1

The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or

Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount

(such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business

Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and

shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction

given pursuant to Clause 13.5, on behalf of the Noteholders (i) by notice to the Issuer,

declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable together with any

other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as

the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and

discretions under the Finance Documents, if:

(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;

(b) the Issuer does not comply with any of the financial undertakings set out in Clause 12 (Financial undertakings)-,
(c) the Issuer does not comply with any terms or conditions of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) above), unless the non-compliance:
(i) is capable of remedy; and

(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(d) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect on the interests of the Noteholders;

(e) any Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purpose of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;
(f) it is resolved that (i) the Issuer shall enter into liquidation or (ii) a Group Company shall enter into liquidation which results in a Material Adverse Effect;

(g) any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects any fixed asset of a Group Company provided that the market value of such assets exceeds SEK five million (5,000,000) and is not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days;

(h) (i) any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described) or (ii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is cancelled by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this

17

paragraph (h) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK fifteen million (15,000,000);

(i) the Issuer or a Group Company applies for or admits an application for financial reorganization according to the Company Reorganization Act (Lag om foretagsrekonstruktion (1996:764));

(j) the board of directors of the Issuer prepares a merger plan under which the Issuer shall merge into a new or existing company that is not a company whose shares are listed at NASDAQ OMX First North or at NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or another Regulated Market, provided that a consent from the Noteholders' Meeting to do so is not obtained before the merger is finalised; and

(k) the board of directors of a Group Company (other than the Issuer) establishes a merger plan under which the Group Company shall merge into a new or existing company provided that a consent from the Noteholders' Meeting to do so is not obtained; and provided that the merger will entail a Material Adverse Effect.

13.2

In the event that IFRS changes, the equity and total assets shall (for the calculation of

Equity Ratio above) nevertheless be adjusted with reference to such market values as if

IFRS, as applied on 1 January 2015, would remain applicable.

13.3

The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

13.4

The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default

has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the

date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has

occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides

not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the

Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall

always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event

constitutes an Event of Default.

13.5

If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly

declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the

Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance

Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

13.6

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law or a

government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under

law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed

to exist.

13.7

In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 13, the Issuer

shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal to the redemption amount specified in

Clause 9.3 ( Voluntary total redemption) as applicable considering when the acceleration

occurs.

18

14.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

14.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following an

acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 13 (Acceleration o f the Notes) shall be

distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the

Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes, or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.2.5, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15.13;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

14.2 If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 14.1(a), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 14.1(a).

14.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of

the Notes constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate

interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The

Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon

as reasonably practicable.

14.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the

payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest

due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7.1 shall apply.

15.

DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS

15.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

19

15.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten

(10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by

a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which

the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by

them jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by

way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision

may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more

appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting than by way of a Written

Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.

15.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the

Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or

(11) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

15.4

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to

Clause 6 (Right to act on behalfo f a Noteholder) from a person who is, registered as a

Noteholder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Noteholders' Meeting, in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 17.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

15.5

The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least eighty

(80) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a

Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance

with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.3:

(a) the issue of any Subsequent Notes, if the total nominal amount of the Notes exceeds, or if such issue would cause the total nominal amount of the Notes to at any time exceed, SEK 200,000,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, for which consent shall be required at each occasion such Subsequent Notes are issued);
(b) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.5 to 2.7;
(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;

(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 14 (Distribution o fproceeds);

(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders' consent set out in this Clause 15;
(f) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(g) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities;

20

15.6 15.7
15.8 15.9 15.10 15.11 15.12

(h) a merger as set out in Clause 13.1 (j) or (k); and
(i) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 12 {Acceleration o f the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
Any matter not covered by Clause 15.5 shall require the consent ofNoteholders representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 17.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 18.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Notes.
Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 15.5, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 16.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 17.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 15.7 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders.

21

15.13 15.14
15.15
16. 16.1 16.2
16.3
16.4 16.5 17. 17.1

All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Note is owned by a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Noteholders and published on the websites of the Group and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Noteholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 19.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 16.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days from the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on a Business Day not earlier that five Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.

22

17.2 17.3
17.4 18. 18.1
18.2 18.3
18.4 19. 19.1 19.1.1

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 17.1 to each Noteholder with a copy to the Agent.
A communication pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 17.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 15.5 and 15.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 15.5 or 15.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders).
The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 18.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 10.3 {Publication o fFinance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration
23

19.1.2
19.1.3 19.1.4 19.1.5 19.2 19.2.1 19.2.2 19.2.3 19.2.4 19.2.5

proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o f proceeds).

24

19.2.6 19.2.7
19.2.8 19.3 19.3.1 19.3.2
19.3.3
19.3.4 19.3.5 19.4 19.4.1 19.4.2

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 19.2.7.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 15 (Decisions by Noteholders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 19.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 19.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
25

19.4.3
19.4.4 19.4.5 19.4.6 19.4.7
19.4.8
20.
20.1 20.2

A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

26

21. 21.1
21.2
21.3 22. 22.1
22.2
23. 23.1 23.1.1

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS
A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (,konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
Clause 21.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 19.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2.7, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2.8 before a Noteholder may take any action referred to in Clause 21.1.
The provisions of Clause 21.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.5 {Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event, Delisting Event or a Listing Failure) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Noteholders.
PRESCRIPTION
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the SwedishAct on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch; and
27

(c) if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Noteholders. A Notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of the Group and the Agent.

23.1.2

Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 23.1.1 or, in case of letter, five (5) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 23.1.1.

23.1.3

Failure to send a notice or other communication to aNoteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.

23.2

Press releases

23.2.1

Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 ( Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 9.4 {Early redemption due to illegality), 10.1.2, 13.4, 16.1, and 17.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

23.2.2

In addition to Clause 23.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

24.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

24.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising

out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike,

lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event").

The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the

Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

24.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable

care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of

gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

24.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from

taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be

postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

24.4

The provisions in this Clause 24 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

28

25.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

25.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

25.2

The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm

(.Stockholms tingsrätt).

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Stockholm Date: 2014-05-15

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Stockholm Date: 2014-05-15 CorpNordic SwedemAB as A; Name: Martin Gome
29

