jsmfinancial group
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR JSM FINANCIAL GROUP AB (publ)
UP TO SEK 800,000,000 UNSECURED FLOATING RATE NOTES
ISIN: SE0009805500
No action is being taken that would or is intended topermit a public offering o f the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution o f this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or
the Notes in anyjurisdiction other than Sweden, where actionfor that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and
to observe, any applicable restrictions.
HI MANNHEIMER SWARTLING
w w w .m a n n h e im e r s w a r t l in g .se

LEGAL#14984046v5

2(35)
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION....................................................................................3 2. STATUS OF THE NOTES............................................................................................................9 3. USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................... 10 4. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT..................................................................................... 10 5. NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM............................................................................................ 11 6. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER............................................................. 11 7. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES............................................................................ 11 8. INTEREST................................................................................................................................... 12 9. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES........................................................... 12 10. INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS.................................................................................... 15 11. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS.................................................................................................. 17 12. FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS................................................................................................20 13. ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES..........................................................................................21 14. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS..............................................................................................23 15. NOTEHOLDERS' COMMITTEE...............................................................................................24 16. DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS............................................................................................24 17. NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING....................................................................................................27 18. WRITTEN PROCEDURE...........................................................................................................28 19. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.............................................................................................28 20. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT.................................................... 29 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT................................... 32 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD..........................................................32 23. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS..........................................................................32 24. PRESCRIPTION..........................................................................................................................33 25. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES..........................................................................................33 26. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY........................................................34 27. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION..............................................................................34

3(35)

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (as in force on the First Issue Date).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.

"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

"Affiliate Debt" means Subordinated Debt other than Debt Instruments, with an Affiliate as lender.

"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.

"Agent" means Intertrust (Sweden) AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556625-5476, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:

(a) 1.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; and

(b) an amount equal to

(i) the amount per Note payable pursuant to Clause 9.3.1(b) (for the avoidance of doubt, not including any accrued but unpaid Interest); plus

(ii) all remaining scheduled Interest payments on the Note until the First Call Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date),

assuming for sub-paragraph (ii) that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given; and

4(35)
both sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be) using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity at the time of computation of the Swedish Government Bond with a maturity date on or about the First Call Date (if the yield to maturity of such Swedish Government Bond is below zero, such yield will be deemed to be zero) plus 0.50 per cent., minus
(iii) the Nominal Amount.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event or series of events resulting in Mr Martin Jönsson or Mr Mikael Jönsson ceasing to, directly or indirectly, individually orjointly own and control more than 50 per cent, of the votes and shares in the Issuer or ceasing to have the power to appoint and remove the majority of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.
"Consolidated EBITDA" means for any Reference Period consolidated earnings of the Group before financial income and financial expenses, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles. For the purpose of calculating EBITDA, entities acquired or disposed of during a measurement period will be included or excluded (as applicable) for the entirety of that measurement period.
"Consolidated Financial Payable" means for any Reference Period, the aggregate of all financial expenses for the Group (excluding financial expenses charged for Affiliate Debt in excess of an interest rate of eight (8) per cent, per annum) calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Equity" means the aggregate of the consolidated shareholders' equity (fritt och bundet eget kapital) of the Group calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and the amount outstanding as Subordinated Debt.
"Existing Financing" means the Issuer's (i) SEK 500,000,000 2013/2017 notes issued with ISIN SE0005505807, and (ii) SEK 166,000,000 2015/2017 notes issued with ISIN SE0007576715.

5(35)
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 13.1.
"Final Maturity Date" means 20 April 2020.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) moneys borrowed (including under any bank financing); (b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in accordance
with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability however not including current or future leases which as at the date of these Terms and Conditions are considered as not being financial leases);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
<e) any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(f) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) without double counting, liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"First Call Date" means 19 October 2018.
"First Issue Date" means 19 April 2017.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen

6(35)
(1987:672)) (or its equivalent within any other relevantjurisdiction), suspends making payments on its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion)) (or its equivalent in any other relevantjurisdiction) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Cover" means, in respect of any Reference Period, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA plus all financial income in each case for that Reference Period to (ii) Consolidated Financial Payable for that Reference Period.
"Interest Payment Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 30 June 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus 7.0 per cent, per annum.
"Issuer" means JSM Financial Group AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556935-7741.
"Issuing Agent" means Arctic Securities AS, filial Sverige, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"Listing Failure Event" means (i) that the Note Foan is not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within sixty (60) days following the First Issue Date, or (ii) in the case of a successful admission, that a period of sixty (60) days has elapsed since the Note Foan ceased to be listed on a Regulated Market.
"Net Disposal Proceeds" means the proceeds received in cash from any sale or disposal less any costs relating to the sale or disposal, any fees and any tax relating to the sale or disposal.
"Net Proceeds" means the gross proceeds from the issue of the relevant Notes, less (i), in respect of the Initial Notes, the total aggregate nominal amount of any notes evidencing the Existing Financing which are used as payment by Noteholders for the Initial Notes, and (ii) the costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issuance thereof.
"New Investments" means (i) fully paid ordinary shares in the Issuer issued to JSM Gruppen AB and/or (ii) further Subordinated Debt and/or (iii) unconditional shareholder's contribution (ovillkorat aktieagartiUskott), in each case issued or advanced after the First Issue Date.

7(35)
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Note" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Note Loan" means the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Notes.
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner {ägare) or nominee {förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Committee" has the meaning set forth in Clause 15 {Noteholders ' Committee).
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 17 {Noteholders'Meeting).
"Permitted Jurisdiction" means any of Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Estonia and Latvia and their associated territories or such other country approved by the Noteholders from time to time.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 14 {Distribution o fproceeds), or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Reference Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year during the term of the Notes.
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve months ending on the applicable Reference Date.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or

8(35)

(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or

(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and

if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.

"Subordinated Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer which is subordinated to the Notes and with a maturity date falling after the Final Maturity Date.

"Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary {dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).

"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Total Assets" means the total consolidated assets (totala tillgångar) of the Group calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 18 {Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(h) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self regulatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2

An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.

9(35)

1.2.3
1.2.4 1.2.5 2. 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4
2.5
2.6 2.7

When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
The nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Notes is SEK 650,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The issue price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed SEK 800,000,000 unless a consent from the Noteholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 16.6. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute general, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in anyjurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in anyjurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.

10(35)

3.

USE OF PROCEEDS

3.1

The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of the Initial Notes (i) first to finance

the repayment of the Existing Financing, and (ii) secondly to finance the business of the

Group as set out in Clause 11.1 (Business o f the Group).

3.2

The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of any Subsequent Notes to finance

the business of the Group as set out in Clause 11.1 {Business o f the Group).

4.

CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT

4.1

The Issuing Agent shall pay the Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Notes to the

Issuer on the later of (i) the First Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Agent notifies

the Issuing Agent that it has received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to

the Agent:

(a) the Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement duly executed by the Issuer;

(iv, a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Initial Notes, the terms of the Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement, and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith;

(c) the articles of association and certificates of incorporation of the Issuer;

(di evidence that the person(s) who has/have signed the Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and any other documents in connection therewith on behalf of the Issuer is/are duly authorised to do so; and

(e) such other documents and information as is agreed between the Issuer and the Agent.

4.2

The Issuing Agent shall pay the Net Proceeds from the issuance of any Subsequent Notes

to the Issuer on the later of (i) the date of the issue of such Subsequent Notes and (ii) the

date on which the Agent notifies the Issuing Agent that is has received the following, in

form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:

(a) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Subsequent Notes and resolving to enter into documents necessary in connection therewith;

(b) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the issue of the Subsequent Notes; and

(c) such other documents and information as is agreed between the Issuer and the Agent.

4.3

The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 or 4.2

is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case,

and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.

4.4

The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 or 4.2, as

the case may be, have been satisfied.

11(35)

5.

NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

5.1

The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts

and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in

accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to

the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

5.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise

have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts

Act.

5.3

The Issuer and the Agent shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt

register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent,

the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent. For the

purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of the Finance

Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register

kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

5.4

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.

5.5

The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 5.3 and 5.4 only for

the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the

Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third

party unless necessary for such purposes.

6.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER

6.1

If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation

starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.

6.2

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.

6.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6.2 and may assume that it has

been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force

and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to

the contrary.

7.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES

7.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of

a repurchase of any Notes requested by a Noteholder pursuant to these Terms and

12(35)

Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

7.2

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any

other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected

by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by

the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.

Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able

to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the

persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible

after such obstacle has been removed.

7.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest

shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8.4 during such postponement.

7.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

7.5

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue

of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

8.

INTEREST

8.1

Each Initial Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from

(but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

Any Subsequent Note will carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal

Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its

issuance (or the First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (and

including) the relevant Redemption Date.

8.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Notes shall

be made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest

Period.

8.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period

in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

8.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due

date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date

up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent, higher

than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest

shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in

which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

9.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES

9.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with

13(35)

9.2 9.3 9.3.1
9.3.2 9.4 9.4.1

accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
Issuer's purchase of Notes
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. The Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full:
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium;
(h) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling twelve (12) months prior to the Final Maturity Date, at an amount per Note equal to 103.5 per cent., together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling twelve (12) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling six (6) months prior to the Final Maturity Date, at an amount per Note equal to 102.45 per cent., together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(di any time from and including the first Business Day falling six (6) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date, at an amount per Note equal to 101.4 per cent., together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(e) any time from and including the first Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest
Redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice, except in respect of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3.1(e) for which the Issuer shall give not less than five (5) Business Days' notice, to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.

14(35)

9.4.2 9.5 9.5.1 9.5.2 9.5.3
9.5.4

The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 10.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1 and 9.5.2.
If Noteholders representing more than 80 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.5.1 and 9.5.2, send a notice to the remaining Noteholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of such notice. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5.4. The repurchase date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.5.4.

15(35)

9.5.5 9.5.6 9.5.7
9.5.8 10. 10.1 10. 1.1
10. 1.2 10.1.3

The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.5, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase any such Notes on the terms set out in this Clause 9.5 within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 9.5 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer shall make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of JSM Gruppen AB:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year;
(h) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its unaudited consolidated financial statements or the year-end report (bokslutskommunike) (as applicable) for such period;
(c) as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Notes by a Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of Notes cancelled by the Issuer; and
(d) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act {lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 10.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and

16(35)

10.1.4
10.2 10.2.1
10.2.2 10.3
10.4 10.4.1 10.4.2

other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements made available in accordance with Clauses 10.1.1 (a) and (b) the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a compliance certificate containing (i) a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it and (ii) attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Note Loan is admitted to trading. The compliance certificate shall be in a form agreed between the Issuer and the Agent and include figures in respect of the financial covenants set out in Clauses 12.1 (Equity to Total Assets) and 12.2 (Interest Cover) and the basis on which they have been calculated.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice or any combination of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
Information from the Agent and a Noteholders' committee
Subject to the restrictions of a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the Agent in accordance with Clause 15.4, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
Notwithstanding Clause 10.2.1, the Agent shall comply with an agreement regarding the non-disclosure of information received from the Issuer, which is entered into with the members of a Noteholders' Committee and the Issuer pursuant to Clause 15.4.
Information among the Noteholders
Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Noteholders any information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes. The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.
Availability of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the JSM Gruppen AB and the Agent.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available from the Agent by email upon request.

17(35)

11.
11.1
11.2 11.3
11.4 11.4.1
11.4.2 11.5
11.6 11.6.1 11.6.2

GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
Business of the Group
The Group shall remain in the business of providing consumer credit to private individuals and/or leasing of assets to small and medium sized enterprises (as applicable), in each case resident, incorporated or established (as applicable) in any of the Permitted Jurisdictions. The Group may also provide deposit taking.
Group structure
Subject to Clause 11.4 (Merger), each Subsidiary shall be (directly or indirectly) a whollyowned Subsidiary of the Issuer.
Authorisations
The Issuer shall obtain, maintain, and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, licence and consent required for the conduct of its business if a failure to do so is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Notes.
Merger
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating its assets and obligations with any company or entity, except that the Issuer is permitted to (i) carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation where the Issuer is the surviving entity, and (ii) merge with another Group Company incorporated in Sweden as transferee (övertagande bolag), for the purpose of facilitating a process of gaining license for financing business, in each case where the resulting business operations comply with the terms of Clause 11.1 (Business o f the Group).
No Subsidiary shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating its assets and obligations with any company or entity, except (i) with another Group Company or (ii) with a non-Group Company where the Subsidiary is the surviving entity and provided that the resulting business operations comply with the terms of Clause 11.1 (Business o f the Group).
Acquisitions
The issuer shall not acquire or invest, and shall procure that no Subsidiary acquires or invests, in shares or other ownership interests in any company or entity whose principal business operations do not comply with the business of the Group referred to in Clause 11.1 (Business o f the Group).
Disposals
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any shares or ownership interests in JSM Capital AB and notwithstanding Clause 11.6.2 shall procure that JSM Capital AB does not sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets.
Subject always to Clause 11.6.1, the Issuer may not sell or otherwise dispose of any shares or ownership interests in any Subsidiary and shall procure that no Subsidiary sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets unless:

18(35)

(a) the purchaser or recipient is a Group Company; or

(b) an amount equal to the Net Disposal Proceeds of such sale or disposal is applied or reinvested:

(i) by way of acquiring share capital or partnership interests in any company (or equivalent) which is permitted pursuant to Clause 11.5 {Acquisitions) and/or;

(ii) in the ordinary course of the Group's business,

in each case provided that such amount is employed within 12 months of the relevant sale or disposal.

11.7

Financial Indebtedness

The Issuer shall not incur or allow to subsist, and shall procure that no other Group Company incurs or allows to subsist, any Financial Indebtedness, except:

(a) the Initial Notes, any Subsequent Notes and the Existing Notes;

(b) following from deposit taking;

(c) Subordinated Debt and other Financial Indebtedness that is subordinated to, or ranked pari passu with, the Notes and with a maturity date falling on or after the Final Maturity Date;

(di any indebtedness resulting from a dividend, interest payment, group contribution (koncernbidrag) or other distribution, subject to Clause 11.9 {Restricted payments)',

(e) hedging arrangements and other non-speculative derivative transactions;

(f) indebtedness between Group Companies;

(g) guarantees by a Group Company for the obligations of other Group Companies;

(lii guarantees and normal liabilities having the effect of borrowing in the ordinary course of business with a maximum duration of 180 days;

(i) finance leases of equipment and machinery used by a Group Company;

(j) Financial Indebtedness in the total aggregate amount of up to SEK 150,000,000 with one or several banks, financial institutions or other entities which are regularly engaged in making loans; and

(k) any Financial Indebtedness arrangement not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (j) above, provided that the aggregate amount of such indebtedness does not exceed SEK 15,000,000.

19(35)

11.8
11.9 11.9.1 11.9.2

Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not create or allow to subsist any Security, and shall procure that no other Group Company create or allow to subsist any Security, over any of its present or future assets or revenues, except:
(a) any Security over cash paid into an escrow account pursuant to any deposit or retention of purchase price arrangements;
(hi any Security for hedging arrangements and other non-speculative derivative transactions permitted pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 11.7 {Financial Indebtedness)',
(c) any Security provided in the form of a pledge over an escrow account to which the proceeds from a refinancing of Debt Instruments of the Group are intended to be received;
Uh any Security agreed to be provided for the benefit of the financing providers in relation to a refinancing of Debt Instruments of the Group, however provided that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied only after repayment of the Debt Instruments;
(e) any Security for Financial Indebtedness in the total aggregate amount of up to SEK 150,000,000 with one or several banks, financial institutions or other entities which are regularly engaged in making loans, as permitted pursuant to to paragraph (j) of Clause 11.7 {Financial Indebtedness)', and
(f) any Security or preferential arrangement not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (e) above, securing Financial Indebtedness the principal amount of which does not in aggregate exceed SEK 15,000,000.
Restricted payments
The Issuer shall always be entitled to pay cash interest not in excess of eight (8) per cent. per annum on any Affiliate Debt. Unless permitted to be paid in cash pursuant to Clause 11.9.2, any interest in excess of such rate shall be capitalised and added to the relevant Affiliate Debt.
The Issuer may during any financial year declare, make or pay any dividend, make a cash payment of a group contribution {koncernbidrag), make any other distribution of value to its shareholders or pay cash interest in excess of eight (8) per cent, per annum on any Affiliate Debt, in an aggregate amount (including the payment or transfer in question) not exceeding an amount equal to fifty (50) per cent, of the sum of:
(a) the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous financial year;
(b) the amount of group contributions {koncernbidrag) given by the Issuer in the previous financial year; and
(c) the amount of interest in excess of eight (8) per cent, per annum on any Affiliate Debt charged to the Issuer in the previous financial year;
provided that at the time of such payment or transfer:

20(35)

(a) Equity to Total Assets pursuant to the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Issuer is not less than 0.20:1, tested pro forma and calculated as if the payment or transfer in question had already occurred; and

(b) no Event of Default is continuing.

11.9.3

Notwithstanding Clause 11.9.2, the Issuer shall always be entitled to give group contributions (koncernbidrag), provided that no cash or other funds are transferred from the Issuer as a result thereof (i.e. the group contributions are merely accounting measures) other than as permitted pursuant to Clause 11.9.2. Any amount of group contributions in excess of what is permitted pursuant to Clause 11.9.2 must be subsequently converted into a shareholder's contribution to the Issuer as soon as practically possible.

11.10 Admission to trading

11. 10.1

The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Note Loan is admitted to trading on the Regulated Market within thirty (30) days after issuance, and that it remains admitted or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market.

11. 10.2

Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to maintain the admission for as long as any Notes are outstanding, but not longer than up to and including the last day on which the admission reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of the Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist.

11.11 Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement

11. 11.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:

(a) pay fees to the Agent;

(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;

(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and

(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.

11. 11.2

The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders.

11.12 CSD related undertakings

The Issuer shall keep the Notes affiliated with a CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations.

12.

FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS

The Issuer undertakes for so long as any amount is outstanding under the Notes to comply or, as relevant, procure the compliance with the financial covenants set out in this Clause 12 based on the consolidated financial statements for the Issuer most recently delivered under Clause 10.1.1.

21(35)

12.1 12.2 12.3 12.3.1 12.3.2 12.3.3 12.3.4
12.3.5
13. 13.1

Equity to TotalAssets
Equity to Total Assets shall on each Reference Date not be less than 0.15:1.
Interest Cover
Interest Cover shall on each Reference Date not be less than 1.25:1.
Equity Cure
If any of the ratiosset out in Clauses 12.1 {Equity to Total Assets) and 12.2 {Interest Cover) are not met on the applicable Reference Date, the Issuer may cure the relevant breach by recalculating the applicable ratio following the contribution of New Investments in accordance with Clause 12.3.3 or 12.3.4, as applicable.
In order to cure a breach of a financial undertaking, the recalculation must be made no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the delivery of the compliance certificate relating to the Reference Period to which the recalculation is attributable.
On recalculating the ratio set out in Clause 12.1 {Equity to Total Assets), the amount of the New Investments shall be added to Equity and Total Assets and be deemed to have been contributed immediately prior to the relevant Reference Date.
On recalculating the ratio set out in Clause 12.2 {Interest Cover), the amount of the New Investments shall be deemed to have reduced the Financial Indebtedness of the Group by the same amount as if there had been a prepayment of such Financial Indebtedness on the first day of the relevant Reference Period and the Consolidated Financial Payable for that Reference Period shall be recalculated based on the reduced amount of Financial Indebtedness.
In respect of each ratio, no more than two (2) recalculations may be made during the life of the Notes, with a period of no less than six (6) months between each recalculation. At least 50 per cent, of the proceeds of the New Investment received for the purpose of curing a breach of a financial undertaking shall immediately upon receipt by the Issuer be used toward prepayment of Financial Indebtedness of the Group.
ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES
The Agent is entitled to, and shall promptly following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 13.4, on behalf of the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent so determines, if:
(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;
(b) the Issuer does not comply with Clauses 12.1 {Equity to Total Assets) or 12.2 {Interest Cover), unless the non-compliance is cured in accordance with Clause 12.3 {Equity Cure)',

22(35)

(c) the Issuer does not comply with any material terms or conditions of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above), unless the non-compliance:

(i) is capable of remedy; and

(ii) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice to the Issuer and the Issuer becoming aware of the non compliance;

(d) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect on the interests of the Noteholders;

(e) any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;

(f) any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in anyjurisdiction, affects any material asset of a Group Company and is not discharged within forty (40) Business Days; or

(g) any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described) on the part of the relevant Group Company, provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (g) if the aggregate amount of such Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK 10,000,000.

13.2

The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 13.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

13.3

The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge that an Event of Default

has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the

date on which the Agent received actual knowledge that an Event of Default has occurred

and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to

accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in

accordance with Clause 16 {Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled

to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of

Default.

13.4

If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly

declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the

Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance

Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

13.5

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of

acceleration to be deemed to exist.

23(35)

13.6

In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 12, up to, but

excluding the First Call Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal

to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium, together with

accrued but unpaid Interest, and thereafter, as applicable considering when the acceleration

occurs, the redemption amount specified in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption).

14.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

14.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following an

acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 12 (Acceleration o f the Notes) shall be

distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the

Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes, or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 20.2.5, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 16.13, together with default interest in accordance with Clause 8.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of any cost and expenses incurred by a Noteholders' Committee in accordance with an agreement with the Issuer pursuant to Clause 15.5 that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer, together with default interest in accordance with Clause 8.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be reimbursed by the Issuer;

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and

(e) fifthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including default interest in accordance with Clause 8.4 on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Notes.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (e) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

14.2

If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred

to in Clause 14.1(a) or (b), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to

reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 14.1(a)

or (b).

14.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of

the Notes constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate

24(35)

interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 14 as soon as reasonably practicable.

14.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 14, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the

Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a

Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the

foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7.1 shall

apply.

15.

NOTEHOLDERS' COMMITTEE

15.1

The Noteholders may appoint a committee (a "Noteholders' Committee") to represent the

interests of the Noteholders. A Noteholders' Committee shall consist of no less than

three (3) natural persons. All members of a Noteholders' Committee shall be elected at a

Noteholders' Meeting.

15.2

Each Noteholder is entitled to nominate candidates to the Noteholders' Committee by

notice to Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Noteholders' Meeting. At

the Noteholders Meeting all candidates so nominated shall be presented to the Noteholders.

Each Noteholder that is entitled to vote shall for such election have the same number of

votes to cast for each Note as the total number of persons to be elected. A Noteholder may

cast its votes for one or several of the candidates. The candidates that receive the most

votes shall be elected to the Noteholders' Committee.

15.3

A Noteholders' Committee may enter into discussions with the Issuer and other creditors

of the Issuer and by majority decision among its members (i) adopt such procedural rules

as it considers appropriate and (ii) prepare proposals and recommendations to the

Noteholders. A Noteholders' Committee may not bind the Noteholders to any agreement or

decision. The Agent shall provide reasonable assistance to the Noteholders' Committee

and participate in its meetings.

15.4

The Noteholders' Committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information

received from the Issuer provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of the Noteholders'

Committee, is beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Agent shall be a party to

such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the Noteholders'

Committee.

15.5

The Noteholders' Committee and the Issuer may agree that the Issuer shall pay certain

costs and expenses incurred by the Noteholders' Committee. Otherwise the Noteholders'

Committee is not entitled to be reimbursed for any costs or expenses.

16.

DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS

16.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

16.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten

(10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by

a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which

the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by

25(35)

themjointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appointment of a Noteholders' Committee shall always be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.

16.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the

Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or

(ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

16.4

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to

Clause 6 {Right to act on behalfo f a Noteholder) from a person who is, registered as a

Noteholder:

(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 17.3, in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 18.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the Adjusted Nominal Amount.

16.5

The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least sixty-

six (66) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a

Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance

with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18.3:

(a) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.5 to 2.7;

(b) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note pursuant to Clause 9 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes)',

(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;

(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 14 {Distribution o fproceeds)',

(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders' consent set out in this Clause 16;

(f) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(g) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities; and

(h) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 12 {Acceleration o f the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

26(35)

16.6 16.7
16.8
16.9 16.10 16.11 16.12

Any matter not covered by Clause 16.5 shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 19.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Notes or the appointment of a Noteholders' Committee.
Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 16.5, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 16.8, the date of request of the second Noteholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 17.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 18.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 16.7 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders.

27(35)

16.13 16.14
16.15
17. 17.1
17.2 17.3
17.4 17.5

All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Noteholders and published on the websites of JSM Gruppen AB and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 20.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting (such day must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the notice), and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

28(35)

18.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

18.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no

later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the

Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on

a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the

date on which the communication is sent.

18.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 18.1 to each Noteholder with a copy to the Agent.

18.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by

the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the

Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled

to exercise voting rights (such day must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the

effective date of the communication), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a

form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each

request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within

which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10)

Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of the

communication pursuant to Clause 18.1). If the voting shall be made electronically,

instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

18.4

When the requisite maj ority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to

Clauses 16.5 and 16.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision

shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 16.5 or 16.6, as the case may be, even if

the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

19.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

19.1

The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to amend the

Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that such

amendment or waiver:

(a) is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders as a group, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(IN is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or

(c) has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 16 (.Decisions by Noteholders).

19.2

The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any

amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the

substance of the amendment.

19.3

The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made in

accordance with Clause 19.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver

will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published

in the manner stipulated in Clause 10.4 {Publication o fFinance Documents). The Issuer

shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the

CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.

29(35)

19.4 20. 20.1 20. 1.1
20. 1.2
20.1.3 20.1.4 20.1.5 20.2 20.2.1 20.2.2 20.2.3 20.2.4

An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of the Agent
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any otherjurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents,. Except as specified in Clause 4 (Conditionsfor disbursement), the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interests of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

30(35)

20.2.5
20.2.6 20.2.7 20.2.8
20.2.9 20.3 20.3.1 20.3.2 20.3.3 20.3.4

The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 14 (Distribution o f proceeds).
The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 20.2.8.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Noteholders) or a demand by Noteholders given pursuant to Clause 13.1.

31(35)

20.3.5 20.4 20.4.1 20.4.2 20.4.3
20.4.4 20.4.5 20.4.6 20.4.7
20.4.8

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 20.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 20.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by themjointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 20.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent

32(35)

agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

21.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

21.1

The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms

and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to

and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.

21.2

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided

that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by

the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or

is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new

Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance

with these Terms and Conditions.

21.3

The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such

agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be necessary

in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

22.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

22.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and

Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations

applicable to the Notes.

22.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the

Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time

as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have

a negative effect on any Noteholder. The replacing CSD must be authorised to

professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (lag

(2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities

depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act.

23.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS

23.1

A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or recover

any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or

procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the obligations or liabilities of the Issuer

under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.

23.2

Clause 23.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in

accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to

take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide

documents in accordance with Clause 20.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of

time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain

actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the

Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described

in Clause 20.2.8, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after

notice pursuant to Clause 20.2.9 before a Noteholder may take any action referred to in

Clause 23.1.

33(35)

23.3 24. 24.1
24.2
25. 25.1 25.1.1
25.1.2
25.1.3 25.2 25.2.1

The provisions of Clause 23.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Noteholders.
PRESCRIPTION
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address specified on its website (www.intertrustgroup.com) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or by email trustee@intertrustgroup.com or as notified by the Agent;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address specified on JSM Gruppen AB's website (www.jsmgruppen.com) on the Business Day prior to dispatch; and
(c) if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Noteholders. A Notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of JSM Gruppen AB and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 9.4 (Early redemption due to

34(35)

25.2.2
26. 26.1
26.2 26.3 26.4 27. 27.1 27.2

illegality), 10.1.2, 13.3, 16.15, 17.1, 18.1 and 19.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 25.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Issuer contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
The Issuer submits to the non-exclusivejurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm {Stockholms tingsrätt).

