TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STUDSVIK AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 200,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED FLOATING RATE BONDS
2013/2016 ISIN: SE0005036522
Issue Date 7 March 2013
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions.

Index

1

Definitions .................................

3

2

The amount o f the Bonds and undertaking to make payments......................

10

3

Status.......................................................................................... ............................................................ ........10

4

The Bonds and transferability ..........................

...11

5

Bonds in electronic book-entry form.................................................................................................

11

6

Payments o f principal and interest...............

11

7

Redemption at maturity....................................

12

8

Early redemption by request o f the Company............................

12

9

Interest.......................................................... ....... .......................................................... .......................... .... 12

10 Default interest............................

13

11

The Group Companies' purchase o f Bonds....... .....................................

13

12 Special undertakings........................

13

13 Delisting Event or Listing Failure................

15

14 Termination ofth e B o n d s.....................................

16

15 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc......................... 19

16 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing....... ..............................

22

17 Fees and expenses..........................................

25

18 Amendments o f these Terms and Conditions................................................................................

26

19 Time-bar.......................

26

20 Allocation o f payments..........................

26

21

N otices........................................................ ............................................................... -...................................27

22 Nominee registration....................................

27

23 Limitation o f liability etc............ .....................................

27

24 L isting................... ............. ................................. .................................................... .......... -.......................... 28

25

Governing law and jurisdiction

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STUDSVIKAB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 200,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED FLOATING RATE BONDS
2013/2016 ISIN SEÖ005036522

1 Definitions

For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply:

"Account Operator"

means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of the Bonds;

"Advance Purchase Agreement"

means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other hade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business;

"Affiliate"

means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing;

"Agent Agreement"

means the fee agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Company on or about the Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee;

"Available Cash Amount" means that the Company has Cash immediately available at its disposal corresponding to SEK 12,000,000;

"Bank Loans"

means any existing loans incurred by the Company or any Group Company in relation to Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ), or any future loan incurred by the Company or any Group Company in relation to any reputable bank;

"Banking Day"

means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks

are open for general business in Stockholm, Sweden;

/s

"Banking Day Convention"

means the first following day that is a Banking Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Banking Day (modified following);

"Bond"

means a debt instrument (Sw. skulclforbindelse) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing av fmansiella insfrumeni) and issued by the Company under these Terms and Conditions;

"Bond Issue"

means the issuance of the Bonds;

"Bond Trustee"

means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Swedish Trustee AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordscentralen, Strandvagen 35, 114 56 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Book Equity"

means the consolidated book value of the Group's aggregate shareholders' equity according to the latest Financial Report;

"Cash"

means, at any time, cash in hand held by the Company or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of the Company and in each case to which the Company is beneficially and legally entitled and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the Bonds or payment of interest (for the avoidance of doubt, not including, e.g., any cash subject to a pledge or similar arrangement or any amount standing on client accounts);

"Company"

means StudsvikAB (publ), reg. no. 556501-0997, P.O. Box 556, 61110 Nykoping, Sweden;

"Compliance Certificate"

means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, signed by the Company certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets and the Ratio of EBITDA to Net Financial Items;

"CSD"

means the central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Delisting Event"

means that the shares of the Company are delisted from OMX;

"Early Redemption Amount"

means 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount;

"Early Redemption Date" means any Banking Day after 8 December 2015, but before the Final Redemption Date;

"EBITDA"

means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):

(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;

(b) before deducting any Net Financial Items;

(c) before taking into account any exceptional items in accordance with IFRS;

(d) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account basis);

(e) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;

(f) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;

(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and

(h) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group;

"Event of Default"

means the events, circumstances and situations set forth in Section 14.1;

"Exercise Period"

has the meaning set forth in Section 13.2;

"Final Redemption Date" means 7 March 2016;

"Financial Items"

means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial

Reports) (calculated on a consolidated basis) and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis;

"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:

a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;

b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the accounting principles applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);

c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);

f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and

g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).

"Financial Report"

means the Group's annual audited financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available according to Section 12.1 (k) and 12.1 (1);

"Group"

means the Company and all Subsidiaries from time to time and "Group Company" means the Company or any of the Subsidiaries;

"Holder"

means a person registered on a Securities Account as holder or otherwise entitled to receive payment in respect of a Bond;

"Interest Determination Date"

means the day falling 2 Banking Days before each Interest Period;

"Interest Payment Date" means 7 March, 7 June, 7 September and 7 December each year,

or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, the Banking Day following from an application of the Banking Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 7 June 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date);

"Interest Period"

means the period of time from but excluding the Issue Date or an Interest Payment Date up to and including the next Interest Payment Date;

"Interest Rate"

means interest at a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) increased with 3.75 per cent p.a.;

"Issue Date"

means 7 March 2013;

"Issuing Agent"

means the issuing agent from time to time; initially Swedbank AB (publ), reg. no. 502017-7753, 105 34 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Listing Failure"

a situation where the Bonds have not been listed on OMX within 60 calendar days after the Issue Date;

"Market Loan"

means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on OMX or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place;

"Material Adverse Effect"

means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Company's ability to perform and comply with the undertakings set out in Section 12, or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions;

"Material Group Company"

means the Company or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent of the total net sales of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report;

"Net Financial Items"

means, for the Relevant Period, the Financial Items according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment;

"Net Proceeds"

means the proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Company to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds;

"Nominal Amount"

has the meaning set forth in Section 2,1;

"OMX" "Permitted Debt"
"Permitted Security"

means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556383-9058, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden;
means any Financial Indebtedness:
a) related to any Group Company's lease agreements (Sw. hyresavtaf) or finance leases, provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business and, as regards finance leases, in an aggregate maximum amount not, at any time, exceeding SEK 30,000,000;
b) taken up from a Group Company;
c) incurred by the Company or any Group Company under Bank Loans, in an aggregate maximum amount not, at any time, exceeding SEIC 260,000,000;
d) arising under a derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
e) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds indebtedness;
f) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
g) incurred under any counter-indemnity obligation having the effect of Financial Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and constituting Permitted Security; or
h) incurred by the Company in relation to any Market Loans, provided that such Market Loan ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Company under these Terms and Conditions, and has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
means any guarantee or security:
a) arising by operation of law (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of

doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);

b) provided in relation to any lease agreement (Sw. hyresavtal) entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of business;

c) provided in relation to any Bank Loan constituting Permitted Debt;

d) constituting counter-indemnity obligations under any bank guarantees or letters of credit issued by a bank or financial institution and drawings under any such bank guarantees or letters of credit, which in each case is provided in the ordinary course of business in relation to customers, other business partners, governmental bodies or authorities, and in an aggregate maximum amount not, at any time, exceeding SEK 140,000,000; or

e) constituting parent company guarantees in relation to Subsidiary undertakings under customer contracts incurred in the ordinary course of business;

"Person"

means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;

"Put Option"

has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1;

"Put Option Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1; Amount"

"Qualified Majority"

has the meaning set forth in Section 16 (d);

"Ratio of EBITDA to Net means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Financial Items; Financial Items"

"Ratio of Book Equity to means the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets; Total Assets"

"Record Date"

means the fifth Banking Day prior to a payment date or, if at the relevant time another Banking Day is generally applied in the Swedish bond market as record date for such payment, such other Banking Day;

"Relevant Period"

means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months;

"Restricted Payment"

has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1 (a);

"Securities Account"

means a securities account (Sw. VP-konto) in which each

"SEK" "STIBOR"
"Subsidiary" "Terms and Conditions" "Total Assets" "Voting List"

Holder's holding of Bonds is registered;
means the lawful currency for the time being in Sweden;
means the interest rate published on Reuter's page "SIOR" (or such other system or on such other page which may replace the mentioned system and page, respectively) at approximately 11 a.m. CET on each Interest Determination Date or, if no such quotation exists, in all cases as determined by the Issuing Agent, using the average of four Nordic commercial banks' (determined by the Issuing Agent) quoted interbank market interest rates in Stockholm, Sweden, or, if only one or no such quotation is available, the interest rate which according to the Issuing Agent's assessment is the interest rate offered by Swedish commercial banks for lending SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period of time on the interbank market in Stockholm, Sweden;
means a subsidiary of the Company according to Chapter 1 Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) (or under such provision as may replace this provision);
means these terms and conditions, as amended from time to time;
means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets according to the latest Financial Report; and
has the meaning set forth in Section 16 (g).

The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 200,000,000 and will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 250,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005036522.
The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Company undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Net Proceeds shall be used towards general corporate purposes of the Group and towards refinancing of existing Bank Loans (approximately SEK 40,000,000 to SEK 50,000,000 of the Net Proceeds).
Status
The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Company, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.

The Bonds and transferability
Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at its own cost and expense.
The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.
Bonds in electronic book-entry form
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent or provide the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information.
Payments of principal and interest
Payment of the Nominal Amount and/or interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.
If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a designated bank account, such payment will, subject to Section 6.3, be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.

Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of any amounts according to this Section 6, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. For the avoidance of doubt, payment will be made to the person registered as Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the actual payment date.
If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with this Section 6 was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
The Company may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
Redemption at maturity
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date.
Early redemption by request of the Company
The Company may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds early on any Banking Day falling after the day failing 90 calendar days before the Final Redemption Date, provided that the redemption is financed by way of another issuance of a Market Loan which the Holders shall have a preferential right to subscribe for pursuant to an exchange offer. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than 30 calendar days5notice in accordance with Section 21. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the redemption date and the relevant Record Date.
The Bonds shall be redeemed at the relevant Early Redemption Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest in accordance with Section 9 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
The Bonds may not be redeemed by the Company prior to the Final Redemption Date in any other circumstances.
Interest
The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from but excluding the Issue Date up to and including the relevant redemption date. The interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on an actual/360-days basis.
If the Interest Rate for an Interest Period cannot be calculated due to an obstacle set forth in Section 23.1 or other similar circumstance, the Interest Rate for the preceding Interest Period shall be applied. As soon as the obstacle has ceased, the Interest Rate shall be determined for the current Interest Period and applied from the second Banking Day after the day for determination up to and including the next Interest Payment Date.

10 Default interest
10.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus 2.00 percentage points, from but excluding the date such payment was due, up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised.
10.2 If the delay is due to an obstacle for the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent respectively as set out in Section 23.1 the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
11 The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
11.1 The Group Companies may at any time purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Subsidiary may at such Subsidiary's discretion be retained or sold. Bonds held by the Company shall be cancelled.
11.2 Bonds held by a Group Company will as longas they are so held notcany the right to attend and vote at the Holders' meetings and will not be taken into account, inter alia, for the purposes of Section 16.
12 Special undertakings
12.1 So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, or until such other date as set forth below, the Company undertakes:
(a) not to, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) grant any loans, or (v) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. vardeoverforingat') to the Company's, or the respective Subsidiary's, direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders ((i)-(v) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made by (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries if such Restricted Payment is made to the Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis, (ii) the Company if the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments in a financial year does not exceed 50.00 per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) according to the latest annual audited financial statements, or (iii) the Company, provided that, at the time of the payment, the Ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets, after including the Restricted Payment in question (and any other Restricted Payments since the latest Financial Report), calculated on a pro forma basis, in the calculation of the Ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets, is at least 0.40.
(b) take all measures required to (i) ensure that its shares continue being listed on OMX for as long as any Bond is outstanding, and (ii) ensure that the Bonds, once listed on OMX, continue being listed on OMX for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of OMX and the CSD (as amended from

time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds);
to procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group, which falls outside of the scope of the business objective set forth in the Company's articles of association as of the Issue Date;
not to, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness, unless such indebtedness constitutes Permitted Debt;
not to, and shall procure that no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or that Material Group Company's assets, or operations to any person not being the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction;
to, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by the respective Group Company;
not to, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, unless the guarantee or security constitutes Permitted Security, The Group Companies may also retain, but not prolong or renew, any existing security in relation to indebtedness held by an entity acquired by a Group Company;
to ensure that there is an Available Cash Amount at each given time when the Ratio of EBITDA to Net Financial Items of the Group is below 1.75;
to ensure that the Ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets is at least 0.25;
to, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms;
to prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than 4 months after the expiry of each financial year;
to prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than 2 months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
to issue a Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee in connection with the annual audited financial statement and the relevant quarterly interim unaudited report referred to in Section 12.1 (k) and 12.1 (1) being made available, and at the Bond Trustee's request, within 20 calendar days from such request;

(n) to keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions available on the website of the Group; and
(o) to promptly notify the Bond Trustee when the Company is or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Delisting Event, (ii) the occurrence of a Listing Failure, or (iii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and to provide the Bond Trustee with such further information as the Bond Trustee may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice.
12.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee of any transaction referred to in Section 12.1 (e) and shall, upon request by the Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Bond Trustee deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a determination from the Company which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not. The Bond Trustee may assume that any information provided by the Company is correct, and the Bond Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction, but is not bound by the Company's determination under item (ii) above.
12.3 When the Bonds have been listed on OMX, the reports referred to in in Section 12.1 (k) and 12.1 (1) shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of OMX (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vdrdepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time).
13 Delisting Event or Listing Failure
13.1 Upon a Delisting Event or a Listing Failure, each Holder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount plus accrued and unpaid interest in accordance with Section 9 from but excluding the Issue Date or the preceding Interest Payment Date, as applicable, up to and including the relevant settlement date of the Put Option (the "Put Option Redemption Amount").
13.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Holders of the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Listing Failure as soon as possible after the Company has become aware of the Delisting Event or the Listing Failure. The Put Option must be exercised by the Holders, by giving the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent written notice in accordance with Section 21, within 60 calendar days after the Company has given such notification to the Bond Trustee and the Holders (the "Exercise Period"). Bonds held by a Holder who has exercised the Put Option shall be blocked from transactions by way of transferring the Bonds to the Issuing Agent (to an account specified by the Issuing Agent in a notice given to the Holders).
13.3 The Bond Trustee shall notify the Company of any pre-payment request made in accordance with this Section 13 as soon as possible after the request has been made. The Company shall redeem all Bonds to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 13 on the settlement date of the Put Option which shall occur 20 Banking Days after the ending of the Exercise Period.

13.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Company, arrange for payment to be made of the Put Option Redemption Amount to each of the Holders which hold Bonds to be pre-paid and which have been blocked as set out in Section 13.2.
14 Termination of the Bonds
14.1 The Bond Trustee is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all but not only some of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Bond Trustee determines (such later date not falling later than 20 Banicing Days from the date on which the Bond Trustee made such declaration), if:
(a) the Company fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with these Terms and Conditions unless its failure to pay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Company as set out in Section 23.1 or payment is made within 5 Banking Days of the due date;
(b) the Company does not comply with these Terms and Conditions, in any other way than as set out in Section 14.1 (a), provided that the Bond Trustee has requested the Company in writing to remedy such failure and the Company has not remedied the failure within 15 Banking Days from such request (if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(c)
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is not paid when due or within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) an event of default howsoever described occurs under any document relating to Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company, and such event of default results in that any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity or such event of default is continuing after an applicable grace period of 6 weeks; or
(iii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Material Group Company becomes enforceable and is enforced or remains enforceable after an applicable grace period of 6 weeks;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to under (i), (ii) and/or (iii), individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 5,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(d)
(i) any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or

(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company;
(e) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures or steps are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii) in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktiori) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction;
(f)
(i) a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Bond Trustee has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) the Company merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Company is not the surviving entity;
(g) any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 5,000,000 and is not discharged within 30 calendar days;
(h) it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Company to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or if the obligations under these Terms and Conditions are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(i) the Company or any Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in Section 14.1 (f) above, or (ii) a permitted disposal of assets as stipulated in Section 12.1 (e).
14.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to 101.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount plus the accrued and unpaid interest, if any, pursuant to Section 9 from but excluding the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.
14.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 14.1 (b) and (c)
& above or, regarding any of the Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 14.1 (d), (e),

(f), (g), (h) and (i) above may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Bond Trustee's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in Section 14.1 (d).
14.4 The Bond Trustee shall only give its consent to a merger and/or demerger in accordance with Section 14.1 (f) (i) if an accountant, engaged in accordance with Section 15,2 (e), has assured that the merger and/or demerger will not have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.5 It is not necessary that a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for it to be a cause for termination.
14.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 14,1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 14.1. The Company shall further, at the request of the Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with details of any circumstances referred to in Section 14.1 and provide the Bond Trustee with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Section 14.
14.7 The Company is only obliged to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 14.6 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with OMX or otherwise, the Company shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from OMX or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Bond Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 14.6.
14.8 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 14.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within 10 Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 16. If the Holders vote in favour of termination, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased.
14.9 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 16, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Bond Trustee harmless from

any loss or liability and, if requested by the Bond Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
14.10 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in.this Section 14, the Bond Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
14.11 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 14 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Section 16.
15 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc.
15.1 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders
(a) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds),
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any action against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds or these Terms and Conditions. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Notwithstanding Section 15.1 (c) and without having to observe the provisions in Section 14 and 15.1 above, any Holder may take action to (i) enforce its rights under these Terms and Conditions against the Company if the Bond Trustee, after having been instructed to take action in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, has refrained from taking such action within a reasonable period of time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, even after, where necessary, having been granted necessary power of attorneys pursuant to Section 15,1 (b), and such non-action is continuing, and

(ii) claim and enforce any payments which are due by the Company to some but not all Holders.
15.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 16 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions and, on behalf of the Company, manage administrative tasks in relation to the entering into of new Interest Periods. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall cany out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of one or more Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until a resolution has been passed on the matter at a Holders'meeting.
(c) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
(d) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(e) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs of such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
15.3 Replacement of Bond Trustee and Issuing Agent
(a) The Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent may be replaced by another Bond Trustee and/or Issuing Agent in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 16, provided however that the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent has been appointed.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign as agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Bond Trustee shall take effect until a new Bond Trustee has been appointed in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 16. The new Bond Trustee's remuneration shall be governed by an agent agreement between the new Bond Trustee

and the Company, and absent such agreement the new Bond Trustee shall be entitled to the same remuneration as the resigning Bond Trustee. If a new Bond Trustee has not been appointed within 60 calendar days after the Bond Trustee has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Bond Trustee has the right to appoint a new Bond Trustee. Until the resigning Bond Trustee has been replaced by a new Bond Trustee, the resigning Bond Trustee shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Bond Trustee has been appointed, the resigning Bond Trustee shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Bond Trustee but shall continue to enjoy the rights and bear the responsibility under these Terms and Conditions for any acts or omissions whilst acting as Bond Trustee. The Bond Trustee's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Bond Trustee.
(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within 30 calendar days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(d) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction (Sw. joreiagsrekonstniktion) according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent as Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(e) A new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent may also be appointed to immediately replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent, if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent materially fails to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and does not remedy such failure within a reasonable time after the Company has made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. Under such circumstances, the Company is entitled to dismiss the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent and appointment of a new Bond Trustee shall be made in accordance with Section 15.3 (b) and appointment of a new Issuing Agent shall be made by the Company. The Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent shall, however, perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions until the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent has been appointed. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs and expenses incurred, and remuneration and fees payable, by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Sections 15.2 (e), f%

15,4 and 17 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, expenses, remuneration and fees exceed the costs, expenses, remuneration and fees that would have been incurred and payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 15,3 (a)-(e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
15.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions. If the Bond Trustee, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent and not be able to reimburse the Bond Trustee for its costs and expenses (also taking into account the allocation of payments in Section 20.1 in such determination), the Bond Trustee is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Section 14.8 and 14.9 without first having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
16 Holders* meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and be notified in accordance with Section 21, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within 20 Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, or (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 21 not later than 10 Banking Days and not earlier than 30 Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders'meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the

notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a resolution form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 16 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 250,000 held. A Holder need not use all of its votes and is not obliged to vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not carry any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be in accordance with the opinion held by the majority of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues, the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted or, as applicable, the answers received for a resolution to be passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) to (1) waive a breach of a special undertaking in Section 12, and (2) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) to (1) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company, (2) amend any redemption day for principal or interest amount, and (3) amend the provisions in this Section 16(d).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company shall not be considered when calculating if necessaiy majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the reply period), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information

regarding extended period for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 21. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with Section 16(d), through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Bond Trustee and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of the Holders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote (the "Voting List"). The list shall include information on the Nominal Amount that each Holder (or, as the case may be, representatives/proxies) represents. The chairman shall further arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting. The minutes shall include the Voting List (which shall be approved by the Holders' meeting), any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee may request supplements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Bond Trustee shall disregard any answers that deviate from the listed alternatives or from an alleged Holder whose voting right is not apparent from the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee. The relevant resolutions from the meeting shall also be sent to the Holders in accordance with Section 21.
If the Company and the Bond Trustee deem it appropriate, a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers through a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address set out by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 16 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that deviate from listed alternatives (in a resolution form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 16 (g).

(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution being or not being passed at the Holders' meeting.
(k) If tire Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within 20 Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 16 (g) exists, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
(l) For the purpose of this Section 16, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 22 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee, or other sufficient evidence, (i) certifying, or evidencing, that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 22 and this Section 16(1).
(m) The Company shall bear all its and the Bond Trustee's costs in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.

17 Fees and expenses

17.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses (including legal costs) incurred by it in connection with these Terms and Conditions and the fulfilment of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.

17.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in the Agent Agreement.

17.3 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the

Holders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Company is not responsible A

for reimbursing any such fees.

<K,f

17,4 Except as provided in Section 17.3, the Company shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bond Issue and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable which the Company is obligated to withhold pursuant to law.
IB Amendments of these Terms and Conditions
18.1 The Bond Trustee may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions or provide consents and/or waivers in relation to these Terms and Conditions as long as such amendment, consent or waiver does not limit the obligations of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, in the Bond Trustee's discretion, may adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment, consent or waiver is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 16, the Bond Trustee may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
18.2 The Bond Trustee may also, on accoimt of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bonds are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
18.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 21, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
19 Time-bar
19.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time-barred and become void 10 years from the relevant redemption date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be timebarred and become void 3 years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment have been time-barred and become void.
19.2 If such periods for limitation are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of 10 years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of 3 years with respect to interest payments, will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
20 Allocation of payments
20.1 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default
All payments by the Company relating to the Bonds following a termination of the Bonds in accordance with Section 14 shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Bond Trustee:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Company to the Bond Trustee in accordance with the Agent Agreement, including costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds, or the protection of the Holders' rights, (ii) any costs

incurred by the Bond Trustee for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Company in accordance with Section 15.2 (e), and (ill) any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in relation to a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing that have not been reimbursed by the Company in accordance with Section 16 (m);
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid interest under the Bonds; and
(c) thirdly, in or towards paymentpro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with Sections 20.1 (a)-(c) above shall be paid to the Company. The application of proceeds in accordance with Sections 20.1 (a)-(c) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' meeting from resolving that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
If a Holder has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Section 20.1 (a), such Holder shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Section 20.1 (a).
20.2 Allocation of payments to Holders
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment o f the Nominal Amount.
21 Notices
21.1 Notices from the Company or the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions shall be given in English to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD. Notices to the Holders shall be considered to be received by the Holders 3 Banking Days after they have been dispatched.
21.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company or the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions shall be given in English to the Company or the Bond Trustee as the case may be and, if to the Company, with a copy to the Bond Trustee, at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
22 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 16).
23 Limitation of liability etc.
23.1 The Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case

of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
23.2 The Bond Trustee, or any Affiliates to the Bond Trustee, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by negligence or wilful misconduct. The CSD, the Issuing Agent, or any Affiliates to the CSD or the Issuing Agent, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent, or any Affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent, be liable for indirect damage.
23.3 Should the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 23.1, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event.
23.4 The provisions in this Section 23 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
24 Listing
The Company intends to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list on OMX not later than 30 calendar days after the Issue Date. Further, the Company undertakes to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list on OMX not later than 60 calendar days after the Issue Date. In the event that the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list on OMX within 60 calendar days after the Issue Date, this constitutes a Listing Failure which gives the Holders a Put Option pursuant to Section 13.
25 Governing law and jurisdiction
25.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
25.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation tothese Terms and Conditions shall,subject to Section 25.3, be determined by Swedishcourts and theDistrict Court ofStockholm shall be the court of first instance.
25.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Bond Trustee (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Company in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets.
[Signature page tofollow]

We hereby confirm that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company STUDSVIK AB (PUBL)
(the Company)
f
Ericsson
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent that they refer to us SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) (the Bond Trustee)
Erik Saers

