EXECUTION VERSION
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ALLGON AB (publ) MAXIMUM SEK 500,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2018/2022
ISIN: SE0011282649
First Issue Date: 7 June 2018 The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.................................................................................... 1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS......... 15 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS....................................................................................................... 15 4. USE OF PRO CEED S............................................................................................................... 16 5. SECURITY................................................................................................................................. 16 6. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY............................................................................... 18 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM.......................................................................................... 18 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER...................................................................... 19 9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS........................................................................ 19 10. INTEREST..................................................................................................................................20 11. REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND PREPAYMENT OF THE BONDS....................... 21 12. FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS (MAINTENANCE TEST)....................................................22 13. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................................23 14. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT.........................................................26 15. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT................................................................................................27 16. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS...........................................................................................27 17. DISTRIBUTION OF PRO CEED S...........................................................................................31 18. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS.....................................................................................................32 19. HOLDERS' MEETING..............................................................................................................34 20. WRITTEN PROCEDURE.........................................................................................................35 21. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS............................................................................................36 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT..................................................37 23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT............................... 41 24. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE C SD ...................................................... 41 25. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS..................................................................................41 26. TIME-BAR...................................................................................................................................42 27. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES......................................................................................42 28. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY........................................................ 43 29. LISTING......................................................................................................................................43 30. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.............................................................................44

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ALLGON AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 500,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE
BONDS 2018/2022 ISIN: SE0011282649

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) and, for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the Target group, any adjustment made from GAAP to IFRS.

"Acquisition Failure Event" means if the acquisition of the Target is not completed at the latest on 31 August 2018 or if the acquisition of the Target is annulled by the Swedish Competition Authority (Sw. Konkurrensverket).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by the Issuer, a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer or a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreement" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the date of supply, or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the Holders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.

"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, including any Subsequent Bond.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Calculation Principles" means:
(a) for the purpose of the Incurrence Test, that the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two (2) months prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Incurrence Test is met;
(b) for the purpose of the Distribution Test, that the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two (2) months prior to the payment of the Restricted Payment, which requires that the Distribution Test is met;
(c) that the Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the Restricted Payment or the new Financial Indebtedness (as applicable), provided that such Financial Indebtedness is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt);
(d) that the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report; and
(e) that the figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used, but adjusted so that:
(i) any Bond that has been repurchased, and not resold, by any Group Company during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be excluded, proforma, for the entire Relevant Period;

(ii) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and
(iii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, (taking into account (including or excluding (as applicable)) any adjustments to EBITDA due to such entity to be acquired accounts in GAAP and items according to GAAP has been accounted for as one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional items) for the entire Relevant Period.
"Call Option" means an early voluntary redemption by the Issuer made in accordance with Clause 11.3 (Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)).
"Call Option Price" means:
(a) The Make Whole Price if the Call Option is exercised before the First Call Date;
(b) 100.00 per cent. plus 25.00 per cent. of the Margin of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 100.00 per cent. plus 15.00 per cent. of the Margin of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date up to the Final Redemption Date; or
(d) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 45 months after the First Issue Date up to the Final Redemption Date, provided the Bonds are refinanced with a Market Loan.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om vardepapperscentraler och kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons (other than a shareholder which was a shareholder at the First Issue Date) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling directly more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to directly appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors o fthe Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form provided to the Agent as a Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event o f Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, i f any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with the payment o f any Restricted Payment or the incurrence o f any new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Distribution Test or the Incurrence Test is met, that the relevant Distribution Test or Incurrence Test is met (as

applicable) and including calculations and figures in respect ofthe ratio of Net Interest bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio, and (iii) in respect of any Compliance Certificate delivered in connection with a Financial Report in respect of a Relevant Period ending on or after 31 December 2018, whether the Maintenance Test is satisfied or not (including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio ofNet Interest bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA).
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 14.1.
"Conditions Subsequent" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 15 (Conditions Subsequent).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Cure Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.2.1.
"De-listing Event" means a situation whereby (i) the shares in the Issuer are not listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm, Nasdaq First North Premier or any other regulated or unregulated market place, (ii) trading in the shares in the Issuer on the relevant market is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days and such suspension is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) the Bonds are de-listed from trading on Nasdaq Stockholm, Nasdaq First North Premier or any other regulated or unregulated market place and such suspension is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in item (f) of the definition "Permitted Debt" below.
"Distribution Test" means the Distribution Test for Restricted Payments which is met if the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA is not greater than 3.00, calculated in accordance with the Calculation Principles.
"Earn-out Obligation" means any obligations to pay a vendor an additional compensation calculated on the basis of positive EBITDA performance of the acquired asset.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional items;
(d) not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company;

(e) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(f) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(g) not including any revaluation of amounts payable under contractual Earn-out Obligations relating to acquisitions made by the Group regardless of how such Earn out Obligations are accounted for in the Accounting Principles;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of Group Companies.
"Equity Cure" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.2.1.
"Escrow Account" means the Issuer's bank account held with the escrow bank and which has been pledged under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent before the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 16.1.
"Exercise Period" has the meaning set forth in Clause 11.4.1.
"Final Redemption Date" means 7 June 2022.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid or payable (excluding any capitalised interest) by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs and/or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, the Security Documents and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:

(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the First Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases (the "Operational Lease Freeze");
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing (including forward sale or purchase arrangements);
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f), however always excluding any parent guarantee (Sw. moderbolagsborgen/moderbolagsgaranti) by the Issuer or any other Group Company.
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 13.8.1 (a) and (b) (as applicable).
"First Call Date" means the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"First Issue Date" means 7 June 2018.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.

"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Holders'Meeting).
"Incurrence Test" means the Incurrence Test for the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness which is met if:
(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA is not greater than 3.00 during the period from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date; and
(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds 3.00 during the period from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date,
calculated in accordance with the Calculation Principles.
"Initial Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the First Issue Date.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10.1 to 10.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of Pro Forma EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 7 March, 7 June, 7 September and 7 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 7 September 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the First Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + 675 basis points (the "Margin"), per annum, with quarterly interest payments in arrears.
"Issuer" means Allgon AB (publ), reg. no. 556387-9955, Kronborgsgrand 7, 164 46 Kista, Sweden.
"Issuer Loans" means any loans related to the Net Proceeds from the Issuer to a Material Group Company from time to time which shall in case of any loan exceeding SEK 25,000,000 be subject to security under the Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, reg. no. 883 603 362, P.O. Box 1444 Vika, 0115 Oslo, Norway, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD regulations.
"Listing Failure" means a situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) calendar days after the First Issue Date.

"Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) regarding a first priority pledge (with late perfection permitting the payment of principal and interest under the Issuer Loans until an acceleration of the Bonds due to an Event of Default) of all the Issuer's money claims under the Issuer Loans.
"Maintenance Test" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.2.
"Make Whole Price" means in respect of a redemption from the First Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date a price equivalent to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the bondholders),
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (together with accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount up to the relevant Redemption Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such payment.
"Margin" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Interest" above.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole (but for this purpose, an event which is likely to affect the ability of the Group to perform its obligations in respect of the Maintenance Test shall not, for that reason alone, be a Material Adverse Effect), (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer, the Target or any wholly owned Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 per cent- of the Pro Forma EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market ofNasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).

"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for the relevant period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to cash and cash equivalents investments of the Group.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company and excluding any contractual Earn out Obligations relating to acquisitions made by the Group regardless of how such Earn-out Obligations are accounted for in the Accounting Principles) less cash and cash equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Distribution Test or the Incurrence Test (as applicable), in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the bookrunner(s) for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and released from such account when the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled.
"New Issue Failure" means if the new issue of shares in the Issuer (to be made in connection with the acquisition of the Target) does not raise at least SEK 100,000,000 at the latest on 31 August 2018.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in item (b) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness" above.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Permitted Basket" has the meaning set forth in item (m) of the definition "Permitted Debt" below.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Finance Documents (including pursuant to any Subsequent Bond Issue, if such incurrence meets the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such issue));
(b) incurred in connection with the redemption ofthe Bonds in order to fully refinance the Bonds and provided further that such Financial Indebtedness is subject to an escrow arrangement up until the redemption o fthe Bonds (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD), for the purpose of securing, inter alia, the redemption of the Bonds;

(c) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(d) taken up from a Group Company or granted to a Group Company by a Group Company;
(e) in respect of any subordinated non-cash interest loans owed by the Issuer to its direct or indirect shareholders up to an aggregate amount of SEK 30,000,000 from time to time;
(f) arising under a derivative transaction entered into by a Group Company in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any derivative transaction which in itself is entered into for investment or speculative purposes) ("Derivative Transaction");
(g) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds Financial Indebtedness, provided that the Incurrence Test is met (calculated pro forma including the acquired entity in question), however should the Incurrence Test not be met, a clean-up period of ninety (90) calendar days is permitted to unwind such Financial Indebtedness;
(h) arising under any contractual Earn-out Obligations relating to acquisitions made by the Group up to an amount not exceeding SEK 56,000,000, at any time, regardless of how such Earn-out Obligations are accounted for in the Accounting Principles;
(i) incurred under the SEK 11,000,000 vendor loan provided in connection with the acquisition of Wireless System Integration Sweden AB;
(j) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(k) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) meets the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such incurrence), (ii) is unsecured and ranks pari passu with or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents and (iii) has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
(l) incurred under any Working Capital Facility; and
(m) not permitted by items (a)-(l) above, in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business (all such Financial Indebtedness is together referred to as the "Permitted Basket").
"Permitted Security" means any security or guarantee:

(a) provided in accordance with the Finance Documents;
(b) provided in connection with a redemption of the Bonds in full and constituting a first priority pledge in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) over a bank account in the name of the Issuer for the purpose of securing, inter alia, the redemption of the Bonds;
(c) provided in relation to any agreement under which a Group Company leases premises provided that such lease constitutes Permitted Debt;
(d) provided in relation to a Derivative Transaction and not consisting of security interests in shares in any Group Company;
(e) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity has provided security, provided that the debt secured with such security constitutes Permitted Debt in accordance with item (g) in the definition of "Permitted Debt";
(f) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral, set-off or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including security (other than guarantees) in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(g) provided in relation to any Working Capital Facility; and
(h) provided in relation to the Permitted Basket and not consisting of security interest in shares of any Group Company or, if provided in relation to financial leasing arrangements, is granted only in the leased asset in question.
"Pledged Group Company" means (i) the Target (ii) Åkerströms Björbo Aktiebolag, reg. no. 556153-9825, and (ii) any other Material Group Company which from time to time is directly owned by the Issuer.
"Pro Forma EBITDA" means, for any Relevant Period, EBITDA as adjusted and further adjusted to take into account (i) one-off, (ii) non-recurring, (iii) extraordinary or (iv) exceptional items such as, but not limited to:
(a) transaction related costs (advisor fees, extraordinary audit costs etc.);
(b) external costs relating to implementation of ERP systems;
(c) severance payments;
(d) costs in relation to any potential legal disputes;
(e) management fees to the prior owner of acquired entities;
(f) office relocation costs;
(g) loan set up fees; or
(h) restructuring costs, and

in addition to the above including and or excluding (as applicable) any effect of any change from GAAP to IFRS to the extent it relates to any item which according to GAAP was accounted for as a one-off, non-recurring, extraordinary or exceptional item.
"Quarter Date" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.1.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period (i.e., the day that period commences, even if no interest accrues on such day).
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 17 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption, repurchase and prepayment o f the Bonds).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 13.1 (Distributions).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee (Sw.förvaltare).
"Securities Market Act" means the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) .
"Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreements and the Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement and such further agreements, assignments, certificates, instruments, consents, acknowledgements, confirmations and other documents which relate thereto or which are required in order to establish, maintain, preserve, protect and perfect the pledge created or purported to be created under such documents.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means each of the pledge or security agreements entered into by the Issuer and the Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) on or about the First Issue Date, or thereafter, in respect of first priority pledges of, or charges over, all shares at any time held by the Issuer in the capital

of a Pledged Group Company, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no such rate as set out in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the rate calculated by the Issuing Agent (rounded upwards to four decimal places) which results from interpolating on a linear basis between (i) the applicable screen rate for the longest period (for which that screen rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period and (ii) the applicable screen rate for the shortest period (for which that screen rate is available) which exceeds that Interest Period, as of or around 11 a.m. on the Quotation Day; or
(c) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(d) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period, and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subsequent Bond" means any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgälden) (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the

Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Final Redemption Date; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to the Final Redemption Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the Final Redemption Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden at the date of these Terms and Conditions.

"Target" means Tele-Radio International Holding AB, reg. no. 559001-1697.

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue and (ii) the listing of the Bonds (including Subsequent Bonds) on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market).

"Transaction Security" means the security created or purported to be created under the Security Documents.

"Working Capital Facility" means one or more credit facilities for general corporate purposes, in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding SEK 35,000,000.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 20 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(a) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(b) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;

(c) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(d) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2 1.2.3
1.2.4 1.2.5 2. 2.1
2.2
2.3 2.4 2.5 3.

An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the Initial Bond Issue will be an amount of SEK 276,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 2,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0011282649. All Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 2,000,000.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the First Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 500,000,000, always provided that the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such issue) is met. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount, the Final Redemption Date and other rights applicable to the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date shall apply also to Subsequent Bonds. The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at par, at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms such agreements.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, general,

unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among them. The Bonds are secured by the Transaction Security.

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Issuer shall establish the Escrow Account prior to the First Issue Date. On the First Issue

Date, the Issuing Agent shall transfer the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account. For the purpose

of securing that the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled before any

disbursement of the Net Proceeds is made, the Escrow Account will be pledged in favour of

the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) in accordance with the Escrow Account

Pledge Agreement. The pledge over the Escrow Account shall be released, in accordance with

the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, when the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement

have been fulfilled.

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, the Net Proceeds standing to

the credit of the Escrow Account shall be transferred to be used:

(a) in respect of the Initial Bond Issue, for acquisition of the Target and other assets, general corporate purposes and transaction costs; and

(b) in respect of any Subsequent Bond Issue, for general corporate purposes and transactions costs.

5.

SECURITY

5.1

As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under

the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall pledge to the Agent and the Holders (as represented

by the Agent) as first ranking security:

(a) all shares in the Pledged Group Companies, in accordance with the respective Share Pledge Agreements; and

(b) the money claims under the Issuer Loans in accordance with the Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement.

5.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are

duly executed in favour of the Agent and the Holders (as represented by the Agent) and that

such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect according

to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of such further

documentation as is required in order for the Holders and the Agent to at all times maintain

the security position and guarantee position envisaged under the Finance Documents.

5.3

The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance

with the Finance Documents.

5.4

Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses

18 (Decisions by Holders), 19 (Holders'Meeting) and 20 (Written Procedure), the Agent is,

without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements

with the Group Companies or third parties if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for

the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction

Security or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the Transaction Security. The Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security Documents.

5.5

If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 16 (Termination o f the Bonds)

(or, as regards an Event of Default according to Clause 16.1 (a) (Non-payment) has occurred

and is continuing), or following the Final Redemption Date, the Agent is, without first having

to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the Transaction Security in such manner

and under such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security

Documents).

5.6

If a Holders' Meeting has been convened, or a Written Procedure has been instigated, to decide

on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the Transaction

Security, the Agent is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision

regarding the Transaction Security. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the

cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms

and Conditions, the Agent shall not enforce any of the Transaction Security. If the Holders,

without any prior initiative from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding

termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the Transaction Security in accordance

with the procedures set out in Clauses 18 (Decisions by Holders), 19 (Holders'Meeting) and

20 (Written Procedure), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce

the Transaction Security. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers

cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in

writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant

sufficient security for the obligation.

5.7

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Holders in connection

with the termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of any or all of the Transaction Security

constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Swedish Escrow Funds Act

(Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing

account on behalf of the Holders and any other interested party. The Agent shall promptly

arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. The Agent shall arrange for

payments of such funds in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution o fproceeds) as soon as

reasonably practicable. If the Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause

5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.

5.8

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and

Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of

any Transaction Security, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in

the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment

to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set

out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain

outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with

any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the

Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its

duties under Clause 5.7 (including as required by the CSD in order for the CSD to accept such

payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.

6.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

6.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

6.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond

transferees upon completed transfer.

6.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating to

such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering

of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material

relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that

purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable

restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its

nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must

ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

6.5

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise

its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full

rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration

requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. The debt register (Sw.

skuldbok (direktregistrerade)) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds shall be conclusive

evidence of the persons who are Holders and their holdings of Bonds.

7.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise

have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements

to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial

Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect

of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.

7.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request

of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

7.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent,

as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information

directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not

revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is

given by the Holders.

7.6

At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Agent.

7.7

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use

the information referred to in Clause 7.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and

exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such

information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents,

it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers of attorney)

or other proof of authorisation for such Person.

8.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney or other proof of authorisation to third

parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative

may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder.

8.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clauses 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume that

it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full

force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a

repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the

Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with

the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

9.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any other

payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a certain

bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In

other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered

with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or

some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure

that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record

Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment

was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as

applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled to receive

such amount.

9.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary

market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any

applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse

any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions

by virtue of any withholding tax.

10.

INTEREST

10.1

The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but

excluding, the First Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any

Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the

Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the relevant

Redemption Date.

10.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be

made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding

Interest Period.

10.3

Interest shall be calculated on the adjusted modified following basis of the actual number of

days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360

(actual/360-days adjusted modified following basis).

10.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its

due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date

up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is one hundred (100) basis

points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No

default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the

CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

11. 11.1
11.2 11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2
11.3.3 11.4 11.4.1
11.4.2

REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND PREPAYMENT OF THE BONDS
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day and if permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention, and otherwise on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Price together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Notwithstanding any other provision, the Issuer may in case of an Acquisition Failure Event or a New Issue Failure, redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date at 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Such redemption may be funded with amounts standing to the credit o fthe Escrow Account, with any shortfall to be covered by the Issuer.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, o f its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. ofthe Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 13.8 (e) (the "Exercise Period"). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change o f Control Event, the De-listing Event or the Listing Failure (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.8 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it

11.4.3 11.4.4 11.5
12. 12.1 12.1.1 12.1.2

to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 13.8 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the Exercise Period.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies 'purchase o fBonds).
Mandatory redemption due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Subsequent
If the Conditions Subsequent have not been fulfilled, and the Net Proceeds have been disbursed from the Escrow Account (as set out in Clause 4.2), within ninety (90) Business Days after the First Issue Date (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons), the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. The redemption of the Bonds shall (i) be executed on the next following Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) and (ii) be made by the Issuer giving not less than 10 Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the redemption shall be made, the redemption amount and the relevant record date. Such redemption may be funded with amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account, with any shortfall to be covered by the Issuer.
FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS (MAINTENANCE TEST)
Maintenance Test
The Maintenance Test to be tested on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December (each a "Quarter Date"), with the first testing date being 31 December 2018, on the basis of the Financial Report in respect ofthe period ending on such Quarter Date and shall be reported in the Compliance Certificate in connection with such Financial Report.
The Maintenance Test is met if, subject to Clause 12.2 (Equity cure), the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Pro Forma EBITDA is not greater than 6.00 (the "Maintenance Test") during the period from (and including) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the Final Redemption Date, calculated in accordance with the Calculation Principles.

12.2 12.2.1 12.2.2 13. 13.1
13.2

Equity cure
If, within twenty (20) Business Days of the delivery of a Compliance Certificate evidencing a breach of the Maintenance Test, the Issuer has received an equity injection in cash by way of a share issue in the Issuer or an unconditional shareholder contribution to the Issuer in a sufficient amount to ensure compliance with the Maintenance Test (the "Cure Amount"), no Event of Default will occur (an "Equity Cure"). Upon receipt of the Cure Amount, the calculation of the Maintenance Test shall, for the purpose of the calculations of the Maintenance Test only, be adjusted by increasing EBITDA by an amount equal to the Cure Amount.
Any Equity Cure made in any calendar quarter shall be included until such time as that calendar quarter falls outside the Relevant Period. Any Equity Cure must be made in cash to the Company and no more than three (3) Equity Cures may be made over the lifetime of the Bonds. Equity Cures may not be made in respect of any consecutive calendar quarters.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 13.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay any loans to its shareholders, or (v) make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's shareholders (other than for the avoidance of doubt payment of any Earn-out Obligations) (items (i)-(v) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment.
Notwithstanding the above, a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer, if at the time of the payment no Event of Default is continuing provided that (i) the Distribution Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) is met and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments in a financial year (including the Restricted Payment in question) does not exceed thirty (30.00) per cent. of the Group's consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year (and without accumulation of profits from previous financial years).
Listing of Bonds
The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm within sixty (60) days after the First Issue Date (and with an intention to complete such listing within thirty (30) days after the First Issue Date), (ii) that any Subsequent Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm within sixty (60) days after the issuance of such bonds (and with an intention to complete such listing within thirty (30) days after the issuance of such bonds) (iii) that the Bonds, once

13.3 13.4 13.5 13.6 13.6.1
13.6.2

admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (iv) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on the relevant Regulated Market promptly, and not later than 20 Business Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly.
Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature ofthe business as carried out by the Group on the First Issue Date.
Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, incur any new Financial Indebtedness, or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to incur, maintain and prolong Financial Indebtedness which constitute Permitted Debt.
Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future), provided however that the Group Companies have a right to create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Material Group Companies will, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or any Material Group Company's assets or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction (taken as a whole also taking into account any transaction ancillary or related thereto) is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction in accordance with Clause 13.8.2. For the avoidance of doubt, shares in Pledged Group Companies may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, except as set forth below.
The Issuer shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of shares in any Pledged Group Company to any Group Company other than a Pledged Group Company. Any such transfer of shares to a Pledged Group Company shall be subject always to applicable laws and the Issuer procuring that any such shares so transferred which at any time are intended to be or have been included in the Transaction Security continues to be pledged or are pledged following the transfer on the same or substantially similar terms and with the same priority of security and permitted only if the transaction (taken as a whole) does not adversely affect the pledge over such shares. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transfer of shares in accordance with Clause 13.8.3.

13.7 13.8 13.8.1
13.8.2

Compliance with laws etcetera
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm, Nasdaq First North Premier or any other Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place on which the Issuer's securities from time to time are listed, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company, provided that such authorisation, approval, licence or other permit may be cancelled if such cancellation is deemed to be commercially reasonable in the opinion of the Issuer (acting reasonably).
Financial reporting etcetera
The Issuer shall subject to legal, stock market and other regulatory requirements:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) when a Financial Report is made available, (ii) in connection with the payment of any Restricted Payment or the incurrence of any new Financial Indebtedness (including any Subsequent Bond Issue), which requires that the Distribution Test or the Incurrence Test is met and (iii) at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) calendar days from such request;
(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on its website;
(e) promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a De-listing Event, a Listing Failure or an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice; and
(f) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Securities Market Act.
The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 13.6.1 and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably) and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect

13.8.3 13.9 13.9.1
13.9.2 13.10 14. 14.1

or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.
The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transfer of shares referred to in Clause 13.6.2 at least twenty (20) Business Days before the transaction is made and, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably).
Agent Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent ofthe Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.
CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT
The Agent's approval of the first disbursements from the Escrow Account ofthe Net Proceeds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account is subject to the following events having taken place and the Agent being satisfied that it has received the following documents:
(a) copies of duly executed corporate resolutions and/or authorisations by the Issuer approving the Initial Bond Issue, the terms of the Finance Documents and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith (as applicable);
(b) copies of any other Finance Documents (other than the Security Documents), duly executed by each party thereto;
(c) a template Compliance Certificate in the agreed form;

(d) evidence in the form of a certificate signed by the Issuer that all closing conditions for the acquisition of the Target shares (except for payment of the purchase price) have been satisfied or waived and that the acquisition will be consummated immediately upon disbursement of funds from the Escrow Account; and

(e) a copy of a legal opinion on the validity and enforceability ofthe executed Finance Documents issued by a reputable law firm.

14.2

When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement of the Net Proceeds set out in Clause 14.1

(a)-(e) above have been fulfilled to the satisfaction ofthe Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent

shall without delay instruct the escrow bank to transfer the Net Proceeds to the Issuer to be

used in accordance with Clause 4.2.

14.3

The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause

14.1 is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual

knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any

such documentation and evidence. The Agent does not review the document and evidence

referred to in Clause 14.1 from a legal or commercial perspective of the Holders.

15.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

15.1

The Issuer shall at the latest within 90 Business Days after receipt of the proceeds from the

Bonds deliver:

(a) a copy of each relevant Share Pledge Agreement, duly executed by the Issuer together with:

(i) if applicable, a certified copy of the share register of each relevant Pledged Group Company confirming that the pledge over the shares in the Pledged Group Company has been duly recorded; and

(ii) if applicable, original copies of all share certificates in respect of the pledged shares in the Pledged Group Company, duly transferred in blank; and

(b) a copy of the Issuer Loans Pledge Agreement.

15.2

The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant to Clause

15.1 is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual

knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any

such documentation and evidence. The Agent does not review the document and evidence

referred to in Clause 15.1 from a legal or commercial perspective of the Holders.

16.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

16.1

The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders)

representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may

only be validly made by a Person who is a Holder on the second Business Day following the

day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be

made by them jointly) or following an instruction or decision pursuant to Clause 16.6 or 16.7, on behalf of the Holders, terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Business Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if:
(a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is due to technical or administrative error and is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
(b) Maintenance Test: The Issuer fails to meet the Maintenance Test and no Equity Cure is available or made within the relevant cure period.
(c) Other obligations: The Issuer does not comply with the Finance Documents in any other way than as set out under item (a) above, unless the non-compliance (i) is capable of being remedied and (ii) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior notice).
(d) Cross-acceleration:
(i) Any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company not owed to another Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(ii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Material Group Company is enforced;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to under item (i) and/or (ii) above, individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 15,000,000.
(e) Insolvency:
(i) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under these Terms and Conditions) generally with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.
(f) Insolvency proceedings: Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed

in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement and (ii), in relation to the Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or financial restructuring (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;

(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or

(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company.

(g) Mergers and demergers:

(i) A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the contemplated merger and/or demerger is likely to not have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity.

(h) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 15,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) calendar days.

(i) Illegality: It is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.

(j) Continuation of the business: A Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business (except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in (g) above, (ii) a solvent liquidation of a Material Group Company other than the Issuer or (iii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 13.6 (Disposal o f assets)) and provided, in relation to a discontinuation of a Material Group Company other than the Issuer, that such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16.2

The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 16.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance

with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or

permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not

prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 16.1 (e).

16.3

If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the

period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

16.4

The Issuer is obligated to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type

specified in Clause 16.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the

Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,

provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is

under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in

Clause 16.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request ofthe Agent, provide the Agent with details

of any circumstances referred to in Clause 16.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that

may be of significance for the application of this Clause 16.

16.5

The Issuer is only obligated to inform the Agent according to Clause 16.4 if informing the

Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq

Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist

pursuant to the listing contract with the relevant Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer

shall however be obligated to either seek the approval from the relevant Regulated Market or

undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with

the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 16.4.

16.6

If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise received actual knowledge of an

Event of Default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 16.1, the Agent shall

(i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or when the Agent received

actual knowledge that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Holders of the

Event of Default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification

or when the Agent received actual knowledge that an Event of Default has occurred and is

continuing, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate

the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a

right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in

Clause 18 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the

Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated.

However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the

termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the

earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent

shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event

constitutes an Event of Default.

16.7

If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made

a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Holders), the

Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take

action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing

Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability

and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.

16.8 16.9 16.10
17. 17.1

If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 16, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 16 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 18 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 16, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to the applicable Call Option Price together with accrued but unpaid Interest, other than if the acceleration of the Bonds are caused by an Acquisition Failure Event and/or New Issue Failure in which case the Bonds shall be redeemed with an amount per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Such redemption may be funded with amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account, with any shortfall to be covered by the Issuer.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 16 (Termination of the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) firstly, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, in its capacity as agent or security agent under the Finance Documents, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Holders' rights under the Finance Documents, (iii) any non reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure, together with default interest on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with items (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer (as applicable). The application of proceeds in accordance with items (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

17.2

If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in

Clause 17.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a

corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 17.1.

17.3

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 17, the Issuer or the Agent,

as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days

before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and

the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the

Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.

18.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

18.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of

a Written Procedure.

18.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent.

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is

a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received

by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision

by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent

and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the

Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it

is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting

than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.

18.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure

if (a) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Holders and

such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (b) the suggested

decision is not in accordance with applicable laws or regulations.

18.4

Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalfo f a Holder) from a Person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 20.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

18.5

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3)

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for

which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant

to Clause 20.3:

18.6 18.7 18.8
18.9 18.10

(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 13 (Special undertakings);
(b) a mandatory exchange of Bonds for other securities;
(c) release the Transaction Security in whole or in part (other than such security or guarantee which shall be released in accordance with these Terms and Conditions without the requirement for the Agent to receive approval from the Holders);
(d) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(e) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(f) amend the provisions in this Clause 18.5 or 18.6.
Any matter not covered by Clause 18.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 21.1 (a), (b), (c) or (d)), a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security in whole or in part.
If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail. The chairman at a Holders' Meeting shall be appointed by the Holders in accordance with Clause 18.6.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least twenty (20.00) per cent. (or fifty (50.00) per cent. if the Holders' Meeting shall consider a matter which requires a qualified majority) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount;
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives or otherwise votes without attending); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 19.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 20.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.

18.11 18.12
18.13 18.14 18.15
18.16 19. 19.1 19.2

A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request ofthe Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate o f a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Holders' Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy o f the notice to the Issuer.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 22.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1.

19.3

The notice pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the

meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders)

and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may

be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required

in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.

19.4

The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than

twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.

19.5

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting

within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may

convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon

request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register

kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the

Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.

19.6

At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and

the Agent may attend along with each oftheir representatives, counsels and assistants. Further,

the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the

Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that

further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting

instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other

document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

19.7

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent

may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without

attending the meeting in person.

20.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

20.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt

of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for

technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is

registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is

sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy

of the communication to the Issuer.

20.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with

Clause 20.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

20.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the

Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business

Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting

rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication

pursuant to Clause 20.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for

replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as

well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder

must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 20.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

20.4

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure

within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may

instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon

request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register

kept by the CSD.

20.5

When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to

Clauses 18.5 and 18.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall

be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 18.5 or 18.6, as the case may be, even if the time

period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

21.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

21.1

The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf o f the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance

Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(a) the Agent is satisfied that such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders;

(b) such amendment or waiver is made solely for the purpose o f rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(c) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;

(d) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose o f listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list o f Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights o fthe Holders; or

(e) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Holders).

21.2

The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment

or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of

the amendment or waiver.

21.3

The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in

accordance with Clause 21.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will

be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are available on the

websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these

Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation

or authority.

21.4 22. 22.1 22.1.1
22.1.2
22.1.3 22.1.4 22.1.5 22.2 22.2.1
22.2.2

An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion), or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any otherjurisdiction) ofthe Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney or other proof of authorisation (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as agent and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent and/or security agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the due execution, validity, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation. The

22.2.3 22.2.4
22.2.5 22.2.6 22.2.7 22.2.8 22.2.9
22.2.10

Agent does not review any documents or evidence from a legal or commercial perspective of the Holders.
The Agent is never acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Holders or any other person.
Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so, provided that disclosure is not prohibited under any laws or regulations.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall, subject to Clause 27.2.2, be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties as agent or security agent under the Finance Documents and/or related documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

22.2.11 22.2.12 22.2.13
22.2.14 22.3

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obligated to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 22.2.13.
Limited liability for the Agent

22.3.1 22.3.2 22.3.3
22.3.4 22.3.5

The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Holders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under the Finance Documents.

22.4 22.4.1 22.4.2 22.4.3
22.4.4
22.4.5 22.4.6 22.4.7
22.4.8

Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 22.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 22.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent or becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 22.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

23.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

23.1

The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms

and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to

and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.

23.2

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that

the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD

accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed.

If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent,

which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and

Conditions.

24.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

24.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions

and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.

24.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer

has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old

CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative

effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq

Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). The replacing CSD must be

authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Market Act.

25.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

25.1

A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or

recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate,

support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction) of the Group Companies in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or a

Subsidiary under the Finance Documents.

25.2

Clause 25.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with

the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to

take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with

Clause 22.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is

continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the

Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or by any reason

described in Clause 22.2.13, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days

after notice pursuant to Clause 22.2.14 before a Holder may take any action referred to in

Clause 25.1.

25.3

The provisions of Clause 25.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim

and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a

Change o f Control Event, a De-listing Event or a Listing Failure (put option)) or other

payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.

26. 26.1 26.2 27. 27.1 27.1.1
27.1.2

TIME-BAR
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address Kronborgsgrand 7, 164 46 Kista, Sweden or such address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(a) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD (or in relation to courier or personal delivery, to the extent practically possible), on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope

27.1.3 27.2 27.2.1 27.2.2
28. 28.1
28.2 28.3 28.4 29.

addressed to the address specified in Clause 27.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 27.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3.2, 11.4, 13.8 (e), 16.6, 18.16, 19.1, 20.1 and 21.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 27.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. Ifthe Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 28 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
LISTING
The Issuer intends to list the Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days, and has undertaken to list the Bonds within sixty (60) days, after the First Issue Date on the corporate bond list ofNasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) in accordance with Clause 13.2 (Listing o fBonds).

30.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

30.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

30.2

Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 30.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

30.3

The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Agent

(or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may

otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.

pl"": 6-fecWiM, *i ^
ALLGON AB (publ) as Issuer

lo \$

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place:

S" 7 ^ ^ ' l O i f

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ)

Adam Sandberg

