TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOBINA EUROPE AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM SEK 660,000,000
SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FIXED RATE BONDS 2014/2019
ISIN: SE0005797578
Issue Date: 13 May 2014
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certainjurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to
inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION...........................................................................1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS........ 13 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS............................................................................................. 14 4. USE OF PROCEEDS.................................................................................................... 14 5. SECURITY.....................................................................................................................14 6. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY....................................................................... 16 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM................................................................................. 16 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER............................................................... 17 9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS................................................................. 17 10. INTEREST..................................................................................................................... 18 11. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS................................................18 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS.......................................................................................... 20 13. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT OF THE NET PROCEEDS...... 25 14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT...................................................................................... 26 15. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS.................................................................................. 26 16. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS.................................................................................. 30 17. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS........................................................................................... 31 18. HOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................................... 33 19. WRITTEN PROCEDURE...............................................................................................34 20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS...................................................................................35 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT............................................35 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT.............................39 23. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS..........................................................................39 24. TIME-BAR...................................................................................................................... 39 25. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES............................................................................. 40 26. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY................................................... 41 27. LISTING.........................................................................................................................41 28. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION..................................................................... 41

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOBINA EUROPE AB (PUBL) MAXIMUM SEK 660,000,000
SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FIXED RATE BONDS 2014/2019
ISIN: SE0005797578

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.

"Affiliate" means any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, 103 90 Stockholm, Sweden.

"Agent Agreement" means the fee agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.

"Banking Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.

1

"Banking Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Banking Day.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date.
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 104.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
(b) 103.25 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.50 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.75 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date; or
(e) 101.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date.
"Cash Pool Arrangements" means any cash pooling arrangement including Nobina AB (publ) and its Subsidiaries with the Issuer as top account holder.
"Cash Pool Indebtedness" means any indebtedness arising under the Cash Pool Arrangements, but only to the extent such indebtedness is a result of a cash pool participant having utilised cash in excess of its net-balance in any cash pool.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being a direct or indirect shareholder in the Issuer as of the Issue Date, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent, of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA.
2

"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Danish Restructuring" means a transaction whereby the Issuer incorporates a new, directly held, Subsidiary holding company (i.e. a Pledged Group Company) which acquires Nobina Danmark A/S and Nobina Fleet Denmark, provided that the acquisition of Nobina Fleet Demnark does not entail any cash payment or indebtedness other than Shareholder Loans to any person which is not a Group Company.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any exceptional items in accordance with Original IFRS;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs;
(e) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(f) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
(h) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(i) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in a Group Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held by the Escrow Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
3

"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Escrow Bank" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (reg. no. 502032-9081, Kungstradgardsgatan 8, SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden).
"EUR" means the currency used by the institutions of the European Union and is the official currency of the Eurozone.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over" means the Existing SEK Bonds which in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' acceptance of the Existing Bondholders' roll-over shall be used as payment for the Bonds in the Bond Issue (in kind) ("Roll-Over Bonds"). Applicants delivering Roll-Over Bonds will receive accrued but unpaid interest on the Roll-Over Bonds up until (and including) the Issue Date in cash, together with a cash compensation for the difference in interest rate between the Existing SEK Bonds and the Bonds from (but excluding) the Issue Date up until (and including) the early redemption date of the Existing SEK Bonds, both payable on or about the Issue Date.
"Existing Bonds" means the outstanding senior secured bonds 2012/2017 issued by the Issuer for the bondholders thereunder (the "Existing Bondholders") of maximum SEK 518,849,880 with ISIN SE0004725000 (the "Existing SEK Bonds") and maximum EUR 3,749,550 with ISIN SE0004725018, which shall be prepaid in full and/or rolled-over into Bonds (as applicable) in connection with the Bond Issue.
"Existing Bond Security" means all security provided in relation to the Existing Bonds.
"Factoring Facility" means a facility under which receivables are sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under Original IFRS are met).
"Final Redemption Date" means 13 May 2019.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreements (if any), the Security Documents, the Agent Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
4

(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any Financial Lease;
(c) any Factoring Facility;
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
(e) any amount raised under the Cash Pool Arrangements, but only to the extent such indebtedness constitutes Cash Pool Indebtedness;
(f) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution where the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee etc. is Financial Indebtedness; and
(i) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(h);
excluding for the avoidance of doubt all pension-related liabilities.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Lease" means any lease treated as a finance lease in accordance with Original IFRS.
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary), the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary) and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clauses 12.14.1 (a) and (b).
"First Call Date" means the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, the Banking Day following from an application of the Banking Day Convention.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its all of Subsidiaries from time to time (excluding any Unrestricted Subsidiary) (each a "Group Company").
5

"Holder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 {Holders 'Meeting).
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Intercreditor Agreements" means any intercreditor agreements, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, to be entered into between any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer (as subordinated creditor) and the Agent (on behalf of the Holders) (as senior creditor) and the Issuer or another Group Company (as applicable) (as debtor) in relation to Shareholder Loans or any other intercreditor agreements entered into in order to fulfil the requirements of Shareholder Loans.
"Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt" is met if the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA calculated in accordance with the Incurrence Test Calculation Principles is not greater than the lower of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA on (a) the last day of the financial year 2013/2014 according to the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year 2013/2014 or (b) the relevant testing date for the application of the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, excluding any effects of the relevant Acquisition in the calculation.
"Incurrence Test Calculation Principles" means:
(a) that (i) the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the event relevant for the application of the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, (ii) the Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the new Financial Indebtedness provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt), (iii) and the EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in (b) below; and
(b) that the figures for the EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, but adjusted so that (i) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period, (ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, proforma, for the entire Relevant Period and (iii) the pro forma calculation of EBITDA shall be adjusted to take into account the net cost savings, as the case may be, realisable for the Group within twelve (12) months from the acquisition and/or disposal as a result of acquisitions and/or disposals of entities referred to in (i) and (ii) above, provided that such net cost savings, as the case may
6

be, have been confirmed by a reputable accounting firm and the Issuer has provided evidence thereof to the Agent.
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10.1 to 10.4.
"Interest Payment Date" means 13 May and 13 November each year or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, the Banking Day following from an application of the Banking Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 13 November 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if applicable), in no case adjusted due to an application of the Banking Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means a fixed interest rate of 8.00 per cent, per annum.
"Issue Date" means 13 May 2014.
"Issuer" means Nobina Europe AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden (reg. no. 556031-8569, Armégatan 38, SE-171 71 Solna, Sweden).
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, 103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Joint Bookrunners" means Pareto Securities AB (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE-103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (reg. no. 502032-9081, Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 104.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to (and including) the First Call Date;
both calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market
7

funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and any other Group Company representing more than 5.00 per cent, of either (a) the Total Assets or (b) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 5563839058, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment (and excluding any interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans or other subordinated loans subject to Intercreditor Agreements).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means, in accordance with Original IFRS, the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents of the Group per the relevant testing date, excluding any:
(a) leases treated as operating leases under Original IFRS;
(b) Shareholder Loans; and
(c) interest bearing debt owed to any Group Company.
"Net Proceeds" means the cash proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Joint Bookrunners and Issuing Agent for their services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nobina BusCo" means Nobina BusCo AB (reg. no. 556583-0527, Armégatan 38, SE171 04 Solna, Sweden) and all of its Subsidiaries from time to time.
"Nobina Fleet Denmark" means Nobina Fleet Danmark ApS (reg. no. 31586429), as of the Issue Date, an indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer's indirect shareholder Nobina AB (publ).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Original IFRS" means IFRS as applied by the Group on the Issue Date.
"Parent Intragroup Receivable" means the long-term interest bearing receivable of the Issuer from its parent company Nobina Europe Holding AB or, following an assignment, Nobina AB (publ), in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of SEK 1,202,832,034.
"Parent Intragroup Set-Off' means any arrangement whereby the subordinated shareholder loan of the Issuer from its indirect shareholder Nobina AB (publ), in an
8

aggregate outstanding principal amount of approximately SEK 120,000,000, is set-off against the Parent Intragroup Receivable.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal), provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(b) taken up from a Group Company;
(c) related to any Shareholder Loans;
(d) arising under a derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions, but not a derivative transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(e) incurred by the Issuer in connection with or as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity ("Acquisition"), provided that such Financial Indebtedness (i) does not exceed an aggregate maximum amount of SEK 110,000,000, (ii) meets the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt, tested pro forma including such incurrence and (iii) either (A) is incurred as a result of a Subsequent Bond Issue or (B) is unsecured or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, and has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
(f) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity which has indebtedness, provided that such indebtedness shall be cleaned-up within thirty (30) calendar days;
(g) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(h) which constitutes Existing Bonds, until the prepayment of such Existing Bonds in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue; or
(i) not permitted by (a)-(h) above, in an aggregate maximum amount not, at any time, exceeding SEK 400,000,000, provided that no more than SEK 100,000,000 may relate to Financial Indebtedness (including Financial Leases) other than Working Capital Indebtedness.
"Permitted Loans" means:
(a) the Parent Intragroup Receivable;
(b) any deposits on bank accounts and investments in cash-equivalent securities;
(c) any Financial Indebtedness granted in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements; and
9

(d) not permitted by (a)-(c) above, in an aggregate maximum amount not, at any time, exceeding SEK 10,000,000.
"Permitted Security" means any guarantee (Sw. borgen, or similar in other jurisdictions) or security:
(a) created in accordance with these Terms and Conditions or otherwise in connection with the Bonds;
(b) constituting Existing Bond Security until such security has been released in accordance with Clause 14 (Conditions subsequent)-,
(c) arising by operation of law;
(d) arising in the ordinary course of business, including without limitation set-off under standard terms for bank accounts or collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements, security for taxes and governmental charges, security for reimbursement obligations under bank guarantees and letters of credit, and deposits made in respect of tenders and bids or governmental contracts or to secure obligations to utility providers, but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised;
(e) provided in relation to any agreement under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) which is not prohibited under these Terms and Conditions;
(1) provided in relation to any Group Company's rentals or any lease arrangement classified as operational under Original IFRS, provided that such security is granted only in the leased asset in question;
(g) provided in relation to obligations under any Financial Lease (not constituting security over shares in Group Companies), provided that the aggregate maximum amount of such security does not exceed SEK 100,000,000;
(h) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to such acquired entity having provided security, provided that the debt secured by such security is not prohibited under these Terms and Conditions; or
(i) provided in relation to any Working Capital Indebtedness and constituted by accounts receivables and/or business mortgages.
"Pledged Group Companies" means all direct Subsidiaries of the Issuer from time to time, excluding Nobina BusCo.
"Purpose of the Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 4.2.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Banking Day prior to (a) an Interest Payment Date, (b) a Redemption Date, (c) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution o f proceeds), (d) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (e) another
10

relevant date, or in each case such other Banking Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 11 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Remaining Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.7 {Disposals o f assets).
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 {Distributions).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (a) an owner of such security is directly registered or (b) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreements, together with any other documents delivered to the Agent under the terms of the Share Pledge Agreements or requested by the Agent in relation to the perfection of the security thereunder.
"SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Shareholder Loans" means any shareholder loans of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loans (a) are provided by any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, (b) according to its terms are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (c) according to its terms can be repaid only after the payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions have been discharged and (d) according to its terms yield payment-in-kind interest or prescribes that interest can only be paid after the Issuer's payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions have been discharged.
"Share Pledge Agreements" means each of the share pledge agreements entered into between the Issuer on the one hand and the Agent (on behalf of the Holders) on the other hand on or about the Issue Date or at a later date (as applicable) regarding a first priority pledge over all shares in the Pledged Group Companies.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent, of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with Original IFRS.
11

"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Banking Days (but not more than five (5) Banking Days) prior to the relevant Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intragroup transactions) according to the latest Financial Report.

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (b) the prepayment of the Existing Bonds, (c) the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over and (d) the listing of the Bonds at NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable).

"Unrestricted Subsidiary" means, following the Danish Restructuring, Nobina Fleet Denmark and any of its Subsidiaries.

"Working Capital Indebtedness" means all Financial Indebtedness of the Group employed for working capital purposes including, but not limited to, (one or several) revolving credit facilities, short term loans, Cash Pool Indebtedness and Factoring Facilities.

1.2

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making

among the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written /VuceJwre).Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

12

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rale or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2

When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or

broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange

for such currency against SEK for the previous Banking Day, as published by the Swedish

Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is

available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.

1.2.3

A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the

public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

1.2.4

No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under

these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.

2.

THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS

2.1

The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 660,000,000 which

will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples

thereof (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The nominal amount of each Bond will be the

Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been redeemed

or prepaid in part pursuant to Clause 11 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds) (the

"Nominal Amount"). All Bonds issued in the Bond Issue are issued on a fully paid basis at

an issue price of 100.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount. Bonds may be paid for in kind by

delivery of Existing SEK Bonds, subject to subscriptions from Existing Bondholders in

accordance with the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over, to be specified in a separate

application form. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005797578. The minimum permissible

investment in connection with the Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.

2.2

The Issuer may in connection with an Acquisition, provided that the Incurrence Test for

Acquisition Debt is met, at one or more occasions, issue additional Bonds amounting to

maximum SEK 110,000,000 in total ("Subsequent Bond Issue"). The Bonds issued in a

Subsequent Bond Issue shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and, for

the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount, the Final

Redemption Date applicable to the Bonds issued on the Issue Date and otherwise have the

same rights as the Bonds issued on the Issue Date. The price of the Bonds issued in a

Subsequent Bond Issue may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal

Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds issued in a Subsequent Bond

Issue and the Bonds issued on the Issue Date may not exceed SEK 660,000,000.

2.3

The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance

and comply with these Terms and Conditions.

13

2.4

The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and

Conditions.

2.5

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be

subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms

such agreements.

3.

STATUS OF THE BONDS

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them.

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Net Proceeds shall be transferred by the Issuing Agent to the Escrow Account. For the

purpose of securing that the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled

before the disbursement of the Net Proceeds, the Escrow Account has been pledged in

favour of the Holders and the Agent under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement until the

Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled.

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, the Net Proceeds shall be

used for the prepayment of the Existing Bonds in full (excluding any Roll-Over Bonds

which shall be prepaid in full with Bonds in the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over)

(including, without limitation, any costs and expenses incurred by the bond trustee under the

Existing Bonds) ("Purpose of the Bond Issue"). The proceeds from any Subsequent Bond

Issue shall be used for Acquisitions.

5.

SECURITY

5.1

As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under

the Finance Documents, and subject to that the release of the Existing Bond Security has

taken place in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall, pledge on a first

ranking basis to the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) all shares in the

Pledged Group Companies.

5.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are

duly executed in favour of the Holders (represented by the Agent in its capacity as agent and

security agent) and the Agent and that such documents are legally valid, perfected,

enforceable and in full force and effect according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and

procure the execution of such further documentation as the Agent may reasonably require in

order for the Holders and the Agent to at all times maintain the security position envisaged

hereunder.

5.3

The Agent will, where applicable, hold the security created under the Security Documents on

behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the

Security Documents.

5.4

Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 17

(Decisions by Holders), 18 {Holders' Meeting) and 19 {Written Procedure), the Agent is,

14

without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Issuer or third parties if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the security created (or to be created) under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Security Documents, respectively. The Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security Documents.

5.5

If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 15 {Termination o f the

Bonds) or following the Final Redemption Date, the Agent is, without first having to obtain

the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Security Documents,

in such manner and under such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance

with the Security Documents, respectively).

5.6

If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or

the enforcement of all or any of the security created under all or any of the Security

Documents, the Agent is obligated, to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision

regarding the security created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not

terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance

mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Agent shall not enforce any of the security

created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the

Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and

enforcement of any of the security created under the Security Documents in accordance with

the procedures set out in Clauses 17 {Decisions by Holders), 18 {Holders'Meeting) and 19

{Written Procedure), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the

security created under the Security Documents. The Agent is however not liable to take

action if the Agent considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand,

unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at

the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.

5.7

Funds that the Agent receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement

of any or all of the security created under the Security Documents constitute escrow funds

(Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om

redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The

Agent shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the

Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to

arrange for payment to the Holders.

5.8

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and

Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of

any security created under the Security Documents, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and

empowers the Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct

the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent

permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid

for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by

the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney 15

(in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 5.7. Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to the Holders through the CSD.

6.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

6.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

6.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

6.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating

to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to,

e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each

Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

6.5

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be

directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

16

7.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request

of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

7.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6

At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Agent.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

If any person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rightsunder the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such person.

8.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Holder by way of a further power of attorney.

8.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume

that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a

repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Holder on the

Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

9.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any

other payment that shall be made under the Finance Documents shall be deposited in a

certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment

date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address

registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the

Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall

17

procure that such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

9.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary

market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any

applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.

9.6

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by

virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

10.

INTEREST

10.1

The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but

excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any Bond

issued pursuant to a Subsequent Bond Issue will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate

from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to

and including the relevant Redemption Date.

10.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall

be made semi-annually in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the

preceding Interest Period.

10.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve (12) months

of thirty (30) days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days

elapsed (30/360-days basis).

10.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due

date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date

up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is 200 basis points higher than

the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall

accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which

case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

11.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

11.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, on the Banking Day following from an application of the Banking Day Convention) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
18

11.2 11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2 11.3.3
11.4 11.4.1
11.4.2
11.4.3

The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on any Banking Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds on any Banking Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Banking Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 percent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest; during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.14.1 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.14.1 (e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.14.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Banking Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.

19

Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Voluntary partial repayment
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding SEK 100,000 of principal debt outstanding per Bond (rounded off to a multiple of SEK 1,000) at one occasion per each twelve (12) month period during the first three (3) years after the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount, plus (a) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 4.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, and (b) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
Equity claw back
Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may, at one occasion, repay up to 40.00 per cent, of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided that at least 60.00 per cent of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within one hundred and eighty-five (185) calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering), and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 4.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company shall, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay or pay interest under any Shareholder Loans, (v) grant any loans (other than Permitted Loans or loans to the Issuer or a wholly owned Group Company) or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or its Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or any Affiliate of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(vi) above are together and
20

individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by (a) a Group Company to the Issuer or another Group Company and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis or (b) by a Group Company if (A) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments of the Group in a financial year (including the Restricted Payment in question but excluding any Restricted Payment made in accordance with item (a) above) does not exceed 50.00 per cent, of the Group's consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year and (B) an Equity Listing Event with a full repayment under Clause 11.6 (Equity claw back) has occurred.

12.2

Financial Indebtedness

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, incur any Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness, other than Permitted Debt.

12.3

Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future), provided however that the Group Companies have a right to retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.

12.4

Clean down period

The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year, there shall be a period of five (5) consecutive calendar days during which the Working Capital Indebtedness (excluding Cash Pool Indebtedness in an aggregate maximum amount of SEK 50,000,000) or any amount outstanding thereunder shall amount to zero. Not less than three (3) months shall elapse between two clean down periods.

12.5

Loans out etcetera

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, except for Permitted Loans, be the creditor of any Financial Indebtedness (other than Financial Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or to a wholly owned Group Company) or guarantee the obligations of any persons outside of the Group.

12.6

Listing of Bonds

The Issuer shall take all measures required to ensure that (a) the Bonds are listed at the corporate bond list on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm, or if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market, not later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date, (b) that the Bonds, once listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), continue being listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of
21

NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (c) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) promptly, and not later than ten (10) Banking Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly.

12.7

Disposals of assets

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or that Group Company's assets or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any wholly-owned Group Company (with the limitation set forth in Clause 12.10 {Limitation o f transfers to Nobina BusCo), unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. For the avoidance of doubt, shares which have been pledged pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreements may, with the exception of pursuant to the Danish Restructuring, not be disposed of as long as such shares remain pledged.

Upon a permitted disposal of shares in one or several Group Companies, or of all or substantially all of the Issuer's or another Group Company's assets, or operations, where the fair market value of such assets disposed of exceeds, or during any financial year in aggregate exceeds, SEK 50,000,000, the proceeds from such disposal(s) (less reasonable costs incurred in connection with the disposal(s)) shall within twelve (12) months of the disposal(s) be used either (a) in the business of the Group or (b) to repurchase Bonds in an offer directed to all Holders, in which any accepting Holder shall be entitled to tender some or all of its Bonds to the Issuer and the Issuer shall be obligated to repurchase such Bonds on a pro rata basis in relation to the accepting Holders' level of acceptance (rounded off to an even number of Bonds, as appropriate). If any proceeds from such disposal(s) (less reasonable costs incurred in connection with the disposal(s)), have not been used in the business of the Group and/or for repurchases of Bonds within twelve (12) months of the disposal(s) (the "Remaining Amount"), the Issuer shall have the right and the obligation to repay the total Nominal Amount with an amount equal to such Remaining Amount. Any such repayment of the total Nominal Amount shall be made as partial repayments of all outstanding Bonds by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment shall be made on the next possible Interest Payment Date after the twelve (12) months period of the disposal(s), and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 4.00 percent, of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, or such lower amount as is set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.

22

12.8 12.9 12.10 12.11 12.12 12.13

Limitation of financial support to any Unrestricted Subsidiary
The Issuer shall ensure that no cash injections, guarantees, contributions, loans or other forms of financial support are made or given by a Group Company to any Unrestricted Subsidiary.
Pledge over Pledged Group Companies
The Issuer shall procure that the shares in all Pledged Group Companies from time to time are pledged on a first ranking basis to the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) as continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
Limitation of transfers to Nobina BusCo
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Group Company's shares, assets or operations to Nobina BusCo.
Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business as carried out by the Group on the Issue Date.
Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Group Companies, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms (or better).
Compliance with laws etcetera

12.14 12.14.1

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, (a) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, and (b) in all material respects obtain, maintain, and comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by itself or its Subsidiaries.
Financial reporting and information
The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary) and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on the website of the Group not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary) and the quarterly interim
23

12.14.2
12.15 12.15.1

unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on the website of the Group not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) when a Financial Report is made available, (ii) upon the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness which requires the Issuer to meet the Incurrence Test for Acquisition Debt and, (iii) at the Agent's reasonable request, within twenty (20) calendar days from such request;
(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Group;
(e) promptly notify the Agent (and, as regards a Change of Control Event, the Holders) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of (i) a Change of Control Event or (ii) an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice, and
(f) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with IFRS and, once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), in addition make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time).
The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 12.7 (Disposals o f assets) and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (a) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (b) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (b) above.
Agent Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and

24

(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.

12.15.2

The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.

13.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT OF THE NET PROCEEDS

13.1

The Agent's approval of the disbursement from the Escrow Account of the Net Proceeds

from the Bond Issue is subject to the following documents being received by the Agent, in

form and substance satisfactory to it (acting reasonably):

(a) a copy of a duly signed unconditional and irrevocable call notice for the prepayment of the Existing Bonds, such prepayment to take place no later than upon the disbursement from the Escrow Account (however, with due regard to the payment mechanisms of the CSD);

(b) evidence in form of a signed funds flow showing that the amounts to be released from the Escrow Account shall be used for the prepayment of the Existing Bonds in full (excluding any Roll-Over Bonds) in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue;

(c) duly executed release notice(s) from the bond trustee and security agent under the Existing Bonds confirming that all Existing Bond Security will be released upon the prepayment of the Existing Bonds in full, or similar documents; and

(d) duly executed copies of the Share Pledge Agreements and a confirmation that the security interests thereunder have been duly perfected or that all measures have been taken to ensure that the security interests thereunder will be perfected as soon as practically possible after the disbursement from the Escrow Account of the Net Proceeds.

13.2 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the Escrow Bank to transfer the funds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer's bank account in SEK and EUR (as applicable) registered with the CSD for the purpose of prepayment of the Existing Bonds in full (excluding any RollOver Bonds) in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the funds on the Escrow Account may be exchanged into other currencies in order to procure the payments in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue.

13.3 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall have no further effect and the security created thereunder shall be released. The Agent shall execute and deliver any documents and take any other actions necessary to give effect to such termination of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and such release of security in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

25

13.4 The Agent may assume that the documents presented under Clause 13.1 are correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such documents.
14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT
The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, showing that the following events have occurred:
(a) the Existing Bonds have been fully prepaid or rolled-over into Bonds, such evidence to be provided as soon as practically possible after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the disbursement from the Escrow Account has been made;
(b) all Existing Bond Security has been released with no remaining obligations of the Issuer, such evidence to be provided as soon as possible but no later than fourteen (14) calendar days after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the disbursement from the Escrow Account has been made; and
(c) the Parent Intragroup Set-Off has been completed, such evidence to be provided as soon as possible after its completion, but no later than six (6) months after the Issue Date.

15.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

15.1

The Agent is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but

not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent

determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Banking Days from the date on

which the Agent made such declaration), if:

(a) Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is remedied within five (5) Banking Days of the due date;

(b) Conditions subsequent: The Issuer has not provided the Agent with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, showing that the actions described under Clause 14 (Conditions subsequent) have been taken or that the events described therein have occurred not later than as soon as practically possible and/or within fourteen (14) calendar days after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the disbursement from the Escrow Account has been made (as applicable) and/or within six (6) months after the Issue Date (as applicable).

(c) Other obligations: the Issuer does not comply with any other obligation under the Finance Documents, other than those set out under (a) above, provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within twenty (20) Banking Days from such request (if the failure or violation according to the Agent (acting reasonably) is not capable of being

26

remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(d) Cross-default and cross-acceleration:
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is not paid when due or within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default however described under any document relating to Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company, or
(ii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Material Group Company is enforced;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to above under (i) and/or (ii), individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(e) Insolvency:
(i) any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness other than the Bonds; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company;
(f) Insolvency proceedings: any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktiori) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company;
(g) Mergers and demergers:
27

(i) a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless (A) the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors) or (B) the merger/demerger is permitted by Clause 12.7 (Disposals o f assets); or

(ii) the Issuer merges with any other person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;

(h) Creditors' process: any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) calendar days;

(i) Impossibility or illegality: it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or

(j) Continuation of the business: a Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a merger or demerger that is not prohibited by Clause 15.1 (g) above and (ii) a disposal which is not prohibited by Clause 12.7 (Disposals o f assets).

15.2

Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clauses 15.1 (b), (c) and

(d) or, regarding any Group Company other than the Issuer, on the grounds mentioned in

Clauses 15.1 (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) may only occur if the nature of the particular

circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of

termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration. However, if a moratorium

occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely

on the ground mentioned in Clause 15.1 (e).

15.3

If the right to tenninate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the

period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

15.4

The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type

specified in Clause 15.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the

Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,

provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under

no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in

Clause 15.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with

details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 15.1 and provide the Agent with all

documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 15.

28

15.5
15.6
15.7 15.8 15.9 15.10

The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 15.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 15.4.
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 15.1, the Agent shall decide, within twenty (20) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 104.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are declared due and payable on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount.

29

16.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

16.1

If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, all payments by

the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in

accordance with the instructions of the Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

16.2

If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in

Clause 16.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a

corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16.1.

16.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of

the Bonds and/or enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Finance

Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds

Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-

bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall

arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably

practicable.

16.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Banking Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the

payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due

but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.

30

17.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

17.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way

of a Written Procedure.

17.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10.00 per cent, of

the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a

Holder on the Banking Day immediately following the day on which the request is received

by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision

by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent

and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the

Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if

it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting

than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting.

17.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the

Holders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii)

the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

17.4

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (.Right to act on behalfo f a Holder) from a person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Banking Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

17.5

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3)

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for

which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given

pursuant to Clause 19.3:

(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 {Special undertakings) or amend the governing law and jurisdiction set out in Clause 28 {Governing law andjurisdiction)',

(b) release the security provided under the Security Documents;

(c) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;

31

17.6
17.7 17.8
17.9
17.10 17.11 17.12
17.13

(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(e) amend the provisions in this Clause 17.5 or Clause 17.6.
Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50.00 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any waiver of the terms of the Finance Documents that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1 (a), (b) or (c)), termination of the Bonds or enforcement of any security under the Security Documents.
If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least one half (1/2) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the

32

17.14 17.15
17.16
18. 18.1 18.2 18.3
18.4 18.5

Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Banking Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Banking Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Banking Days and no later than thirty (30) Banking Days from the notice.
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within ten (10) Banking Days after having received such notice, the requesting person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the
33

register kept by the CSD and, if no person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.

18.6

At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and

the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants.

Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and

the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide

that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders'

Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy

or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

18.7

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent

may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote

without attending the meeting in person.

19.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

19.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Banking Days after

receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary

for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person

who is registered as a Holder on the Banking Day prior to the date on which the

communication is sent.

19.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 19.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

19.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the

Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Banking

Day on which a person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise

voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the

request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form

of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply

to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Banking Days from the

communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting shall be made electronically,

instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

19.4

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written

Procedure within 10 Banking Days after having received such notice, the requesting person

may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Issuer shall

upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the

register kept by the CSD.

19.5

When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to

Clauses 17.5 and 17.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall

be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.5 or 17.6, as the case may be, even if the

time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

34

20. 20.1
20.2 20.3
20.4 21. 21.1 21.1.1
21.1.2 21.1.3

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;
(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or
(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the
35

21.1.4 21.1.5 21.1.6 21.2 21.2.1 21.2.2 21.2.3 21.2.4 21.2.5
21.2.6

Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as agent and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent and/or security agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes
36

21.2.7 21.2.8
21.2.9 21.3 21.3.1 21.3.2
21.3.3
21.3.4 21.3.5

may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds).
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.8.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under the Finance Documents.

37

21.4 21.4.1 21.4.2 21.4.3
21.4.4 21.4.5 21.4.6 21.4.7
21.4.8

Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Banking Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10.00 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Holder on the Banking Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
38

22.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

22.1

The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms

and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to

and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.

22.2

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided

that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the

CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is

dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new

Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with

these Terms and Conditions.

23.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

23.1

A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries to

enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to

initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in relation to any of the liabilities of the

Issuer under the Finance Documents.

23.2

Clause 23.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance

with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is

unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in

accordance with Clause 21.1.3), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such

failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by

the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance

Documents or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.8, such failure must continue for at

least forty (40) Banking Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.9 before a Holder may

take any action referred to in Clause 23.1.

23.3

The provisions of Clause 23.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to

claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase

due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the

Issuer to some but not all Holders.

24.

TIME-BAR

24.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and

become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of

Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3)

years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for

payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and

has become void.

24.2

If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations

(Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to

39

25. 25.1 25.1.1
25.1.2
25.1.3 25.2 25.2.1 25.2.2

the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Banking Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Banking Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Banking Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Banking Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 25.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3.3, 11.5 ( Voluntary partial repayment), 11.6 (Equity claw back), 12.7 (Disposals o f assets), 12.14.1 (e), 15.6, 16.4, 17.16, 18.1, 19.1, 20.3, 21.2.9 and 21.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 25.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a

40

press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

26.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

26.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out

of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout,

boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The

reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent

or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

26.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care.

The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross

negligence and wilful misconduct.

26.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from

taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be

postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

26.4

The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the

Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

27.

LISTING

The Issuer intends to list the Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). The Issuer has undertaken to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date and to maintain such listing for as long as any Bond remains outstanding in accordance with Clause 12.6 {Listing o fBonds).

28.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

28.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

28.2

Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 28.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

28.3

The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the

Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court

which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

41

W e hereby certify that the above Terms and C onditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place: ( ^ J ]

NOBINA EUROPE AB (publ)

as Issuer

r \ ___

NamPee: r SKarg&rd RaenarNorback
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.
place: OcdCtUaVvAv
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (pubi) as Agent

Name:

Mjd

· C tV -i

42

