TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR HOST PROPERTY AB (publ) SEK 300,000,000
SENIOR SECURED AND GUARANTEED FLOATING RATE BONDS
ISIN: SE0009357676
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution o f this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where actionfor thatpurpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
iV MANNwwHw.mEanInhMeimEersRwartSliWng.sAe RTLING

2(54)
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION..................................................................................... 1 2. STATUS OF THE BONDS......................................................................................................... 12 3. USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................... 13 4. PRE-SETTLEMENT CONDITIONS.......................................................................................... 13 5. ESCROW OF PROCEEDS......................................................................................................... 14 6. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM............................................................................................ 16 7. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER............................................................ 17 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS........................................................................... 17 9. INTEREST................................................................................................................................... 18 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS..........................................................18 11. TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEE................................................................ 22 12. INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS.....................................................................................23 13. FINANCIAL COVENANTS......................................................................................................25 14. ISSUER UNDERTAKINGS........................................................................................................26 15. PARENT UNDERTAKINGS ......................................................................................................32 16. PROPERTY COVENANTS ........................................................................................................33 17. ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS ..........................................................................................35 18. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS..............................................................................................37 19. DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS............................................................................................38 20. BONDHOLDERS' MEETING....................................................................................................42 21. WRITTEN PROCEDURE ...........................................................................................................42 22. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS .............................................................................................43 23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE BOND TRUSTEE.................................. 43 24. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT................................... 47 25. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD........................................................ 47 26. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS.........................................................................47 27. PRESCRIPTION..........................................................................................................................48 28. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES..........................................................................................48 29. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY....................................................... 49 3 0. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.............................................................................50
SCHEDULE 1
1. PROPERTY COMPANIES AND PROPERTIES

LEGAL#9321348v15

1(54)

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

]1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Bank" means Swedbank AB (publ).

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden.

"Additional Amounts" has the meaning as ascribed to the term in Clause 8.6.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Parent, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Bonds (irrespective o f whether such person is directly registered as owner o f such Bonds) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Bonds in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes o f this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, o f the power to direct or cause the direction o f the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

"Bond" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.

"Bond Loan" means the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Bonds.

"Bond Trustee" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882 1879, or another party replacing it, as Bond Trustee, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Bond Trustee Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or before the Settlement Date, between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, or any replacement bond trustee agreement entered into after the Settlement Date between the Issuer and a bond trustee.

"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 20 (Bondholders 'Meeting).

"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.

LEGAL#9321348v15

2(54)
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means that (i) Mr. Asmund Haare and his direct lineal descendants cease to own (legally and beneficially) and/or directly or indirectly control the Parent or (ii) any person or group (other than Mr. Asmund Haare and his direct lineal descendants) gains direct or indirect control of the Parent.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the form agreed between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Bonds from time to time.
"Distributions" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 14.14.1.
"EBITDA" means, for any Reference Period, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) of the Issuer determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank for the purpose of the arrangement specified in Clause 5 (Escrow o fproceeds), blocked for the Issuer from the time of fulfilment of the conditions set out in Clause 4.1(j).
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the agreement for first priority ranking Security over the funds from time to time standing to the credit on the Escrow Account, entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee on or prior to the Settlement Date.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 17.1 (Acceleration o f the Bonds).
"Existing External Debt" means the Financial Indebtedness granted by Sparbanken i Karlshamn to Host Kabbelekan i Olofström AB and granted by Stadshypotek AB (publ) (Svenska Handelsbanken) to Host Munskänken i Kalmar AB, in the aggregate amount of approximately SEK 21,000,000 as further described in the Funds Flow Statement.
"Existing Internal Debt" means the Financial Indebtedness granted by Host Hoteleiendom AS to the Issuer Group Companies of approximately SEK 207,000,000 as further described in the Funds Flow Statement.
"Existing Security" means the security granted over the assets of any Issuer Group Company as collateral for the Existing External Debt.
"Exchange" means:
(a) Nasdaq First North Bond Market, which is a self-regulated marketplace organised and operated by Nasdaq Stockholm; or

LEGAL#9321348v15

3(54)
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC) or any Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), as applicable.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents (including the Guarantee Agreement) and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed, including acceptance credit;
(b) any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument;
(c) the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, be treated as a finance or capital lease (provided that any leases which would at the Settlement Date have been treated as operating leases, shall not be considered as being finance leases due to any subsequent change in the Accounting Principles);
(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(e) any sale and lease-back transaction, or similar transaction which is treated as indebtedness under Accounting Principles;
(f) the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of that asset;
(g) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price, including without limitation currency or interest rate swaps, caps or collar transactions (and, when calculating the value of the transaction, only the mark-to-market value shall be taken into account);
(h) any amounts raised under any other transactions having the commercial effect of a borrowing (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);
(i) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institutions; and
(j) (without double counting) any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in respect of any of the items referred to in paragraph (a) through (i) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"First Call Date" means the Interest Payment Date after thirty (30) months from the Settlement Date.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 29.1 (Force Majure and Limitation o fLiability).

LEGAL#9321348v15

4(54)
"Free and Clear Basis" means a valuation method using the principles and assumptions as set out in the Initial Valuation Report to determine a free and clear valuation.
"Free Cash" means:
(a) all cash and bank deposit of the Issuer; less
(b) any amount standing to the credit on the Escrow Account; less
(c) any unspent Refurbishment Proceeds.
"Funds Flow Statement" means a funds flow statement for all fund flows in connection with the issuing of the Bonds, including a statement of sources and uses and a specification of the Existing Internal Debt and Existing External Debt to be refinanced in connection with such issuance.
"Group" means the Parent and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Group Property Portfolio" means the properties owned by a Group Company from time to time, excluding the Properties and the Property Companies.
"Guarantee" means the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by the Parent and the Property Companies in favour of the Secured Parties represented by the Bond Trustee, pursuant to which each of the Parent and the Property Companies, as principal obligors (proprieborgen), guarantee the Issuer's punctual performance of the Secured Obligations.
"Guarantee Agreement" means the agreement for the Guarantee entered into between the Parent, the Property Companies and the Bond Trustee.
"Hotel Lease Agreement" means an agreement (as amended from time to time) to lease all or part of a Property from the relevant Property Company (including all appendices thereto) for the purpose of conducting hotel operations.
"Hotel Lessees" means each of the lessees under the Hotel Lease Agreements.
"Incurrence Test" means the test of the financial incurrence covenants as set out in Clause 14.14 (Distribution Restrictions).
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 2.3.
"Initial Refurbishment Plan" means the initial investments and refurbishment plan of the Refurbishment, established in line with good industry practice, approved by the Property Advisor and delivered by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee as a Disbursement Condition.
"Initial Valuation Report" means the initial valuation report prepared and issued by Cushman & Wakefield on 8 September 2016 setting out the market value of each Property.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company

LEGAL#9321348v15

5(54)
reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Insurance Proceeds" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 10.5.3.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.2.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Total Interest Expenses.
"Interest Payment Date" means 8 March, 8 June, 8 September and 8 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 8 March 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Settlement Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means the percentage rate per annum which is the aggregate of STIBOR plus the Margin.
"Issuer" means Host Property AB (publ), a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556987-4158.
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer with its Subsidiaries from time to time (each an "Issuer Group Company").
"Issuer Group LTV" means the ratio of:
(a) the total aggregate Nominal Amount outstanding under the Bonds; to
(b) the aggregate of:
(i) the Properties Market Value;
(ii) the amount of New Investments and any other amount standing to the credit on the Escrow Account; and
(iii) the value of any Supplementary Security.
"Issuing Agent" means Swedbank AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Bonds.
"Lease Agreement" means an agreement to lease all or part of a Property from the relevant Property Company, including all appendices thereto (including the Hotel Lease Agreement).

LEGAL#9321348v15

6(54)
"Lessee" means each of the lessees under the Lease Agreements (including the Hotel Lessees).
"Listing Failure Event" means that:
(a) the Bonds have not been admitted to listing on an Exchange within sixty (60) calendar days following the Settlement Date; or
(b) in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of sixty (60) calendar days has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange.
"Loss Event" means that:
(a) there is a total or material loss of all of the Properties;
(b) any of the Properties (or a part of any Property) is damaged to the extent that hotel operations at the Property will not be feasible for a period exceeding six (6) months; or
(c) damages (and related repair costs) to any of the Properties exceed 30.00 per cent. of the Properties Market Value as set out in the Initial Valuation Report.
"Maintenance Test" means the test of the financial covenants as set out in Clause 13.1 (Maintenance Test).
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant Redemption Date of 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount of the redeemed Bonds as if such payment originally had taken place on the First Call Date;
(b) the present value on the relevant Redemption Date of the remaining interest payments of the redeemed Bonds until the First Call Date (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date); and
(c) any accrued but unpaid Interest,
assuming for sub-paragraph (b) that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Applicable Mid Swap Rate; and
both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) shall be discounted using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given of the direct obligations of Sweden (statsobligationer) with a maturity date on or about the First Call Date plus 0.50 per cent.
For the purpose of calculation the Make Whole Amount, the "Applicable Mid Swap Rate" means:
(a) the applicable mid-rate displayed on NASDAQ Stockholm's website for SEK swap fixing as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the relevant notice of redemption is given and for a period of time equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date, and if

LEGAL#9321348v15

7(54)
such period is not equal to the tenor of one displayed mid-rate then the mid-rate shall be obtained:
(i) if such period is longer than one year, by linear interpolation from the two applicable mid-rates displayed with tenors closest to the First Call Date; and
(ii) if such period is one year or shorter, by applying the applicable mid-rate for swaps with a tenor of one year;
(b) if no mid-rate is available from an application of paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the mid-rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for a period of time equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date; and
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the mid-rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the mid-rate for the relevant period; and
if any such mid-rate is below zero, the Applicable Mid Swap Rate will be deemed to be zero.
"Margin" means 6.00 per cent.
"Material Adverse Effect" means any event which has, or reasonably likely will have, a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business operations and financial condition of the Parent, any Issuer Group Company, or the Group (taken as a whole);
(b) any of Issuer Group Companies' or the Parent's ability to perform and comply with their respective obligations under the Finance Documents or the Hotel Lessees' ability to perform and comply with its obligations under its respective Hotel Lease Agreement, or
(c) the validity or enforceability of any Finance Document.
"Maturity Date" means 8 December 2019, being 3 years after the Settlement Date.
"Missing Share Certificates" means (i) the share certificate issued by Host Munskänken i Kalmar AB, representing the shares 1 - 1,000 and (ii) the share certificate issued by Host Kabbelekan i Olofström AB, representing the shares 1 - 1,000.
"MSC Companies" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 14.22.1.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issuance of Bonds which, after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs and subject to satisfaction of the Disbursement Conditions shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 3 (Use o f Proceeds) and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"New Investments" means cash actually received by the Issuer from the Parent (i) in exchange for fully paid ordinary shares in the Issuer, (ii) by way of an unconditional shareholders contribution (aktieägartillskott) or (iii) any shareholder loans from the Parent to the Issuer which is subject to Transaction Security.

LEGAL#9321348v15

8(54)
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Bond the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which that Bond has been redeemed in part pursuant to Clause 10.4 (Mandatory Prepayment due to Permitted Partial Divestment).
"Parent" means Host AB, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556455-6271.
"Permitted Management Fee Payment" means payment of general and administrative expenses to the Parent or any Affiliate of the Parent up to an aggregate amount of SEK 500,000 per year.
"Permitted Partial Divestment" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 14.6 (Disposal).
"Pre-Disbursement Security" means the Transaction Security pursuant to paragraph (c) to (h) of the definition "Security Documents".
"Pre-Settlement Security" means the Transaction Security pursuant to paragraph (a) and (b) of the definition "Security Documents".
"Prepayment Amount" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 10.4.1.
"Properties Market Value" means the market value on a Free and Clear Basis for the Properties, as determined by the Property Advisor in the latest available Valuation Report obtained by the Issuer and delivered to the Bond Trustee plus the nominal amount of any Refurbishment Proceeds applied in the Refurbishment of the Properties after the date of the latest available Valuation Report.
"Property" each of the real properties set out opposite the respective Property Company which is the owner of such real property in Schedule 1 (Property Companies and Properties), excluding any Property that has been disposed by way of a Permitted Partial Divestment.
"Property Advisor" means Cushman & Wakefield, GT Utvikling or any other reputable independent property advisor appointed by the Issuer, acceptable to the Bond Trustee.
"Property Company" each of the companies set out in Schedule 1 (Property Companies and Properties), excluding any Property Company that has been disposed by way of a Permitted Partial Divestment.
"Rebuild Criteria" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 10.5.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Reference Banks" means Swedbank AB (publ), Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) (or such other banks as may be appointed by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer).

LEGAL#9321348v15

9(54)
"Reference Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, in each year.
"Reference Period" means, at any calculation date, the period of twelve months preceding such date.
"Refinancing Proceeds" has the meaning ascribed to the term in Clause 3.1 (a) (Use o f Proceeds)
"Refurbishment" means the refurbishments and upgrades to be carried out after the Settlement Date and which shall be made for the purpose of maintaining or enhancing the Properties Market Value.
"Refurbishment Plan" means the Initial Refurbishment Plan or, following the Bond Trustee notifying the Issuer that it and the Property Advisor have approved a Revised Refurbishment Plan, such Revised Refurbishment Plan.
"Refurbishment Proceeds" means up to SEK 132,000,000 of the Net Proceeds subject to the Refinancing Proceeds having been applied in accordance with Clause 3 (Use o f Proceeds).
"Release Price" means, in relation to a Property or a Property Company the higher of (i) all intra-group loans granted by the Issuer to the relevant Property Company plus unspent Refurbishments Proceeds (if any) allocated to the relevant Property or Property Company pursuant to the Refurbishment Plan multiplied with 1.10 and (ii) 75.00 per cent. of the value of that Property or Property Company pursuant to the Properties Market Value.
"Replacement Share Certificates" means the replacement share certificates to be issued by the MSC Companies in accordance with Clause 14.22 (Replacement Share Certificates undertaking), replacing the Missing Share Certificates.
"Revised Refurbishment Plan" means a revised Refurbishment Plan, prepared on the same basis as the Initial Refurbishment Plan, approved by the Property Advisor and delivered by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee, pursuant to which plan the Issuer sets out any material changes to the Refurbishments planned to be carried out in pursuant to the Initial Refurbishment Plan.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer Group Companies to the Secured Parties represented by the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee Agreement.
"Secured Parties" means the Bondholders and the Security Agent (including in its capacity as Bond Trustee under the Bond Trustee Agreement).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner o f such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name o f a nominee.
"Securities Market Act" means the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden).

LEGAL#9321348v15

10(54)
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee acting in its capacity as Security Agent under the Security Documents.
"Security Documents" means:
Pre-Settlement Security
(a) the pledge over the Escrow Account pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement;
(b) the Guarantee issued by the Parent under the Guarantee Agreement;
Pre-Disbursement Security
(c) the Guarantee issued by each Property Company under the Guarantee Agreement;
(d) the share pledges over the shares of the Issuer and the Property Companies (the "Share Pledge Agreements");
(e) the insurance pledges over each of the Property Companies' rights under its respective insurance policy relating to its respective Property (the "Insurance Pledge Agreement");
(f) the receivables pledge over each of the Property Companies' receivables relating to its respective Hotel Lease Agreement (the "Receivables Pledge Agreement");
(g) the loan pledges over:
(i) the rights of the Issuer under the intra group loans owed to the Issuer by each Property Company;
(ii) the rights of the Issuer under the loans owed to the Issuer by the Parent; and
(iii) the rights of the Parent under the loans owed to the Parent by the Issuer,
(each a "Loan Pledge Agreement");
(h) the real property mortgages in respect of each of the Properties with an aggregate face value of not less than SEK 448,820,000 (the "Real Property Mortgage Agreement"); and
(i) any other documents pursuant to which Transaction Security is provided (including any security document governing Supplemental Security).
"Settlement Date" means 8 December 2016.
"STIBOR" means:

LEGAL#9321348v15

11(54)
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
"Supplemental Security" means:
(a) the face value of the mortgage certificates issued in any property in the Group Property Portfolio; and
(b) any other Security,
offered as additional security in favour of the Secured Parties, in each case acceptable to the Bond Trustee in its sole discretion. Only the face value o f any mortgage certificates issued in a relevant property shall count as Supplemental Security pursuant to paragraph (a) above. Only the value of any Security which is not subject to any corporate benefit restrictions or other similar restrictions pursuant to any law, regulation or agreement which reduces the value of such Supplemental Security shall count as Supplemental Security pursuant to paragraph (a) and (b) above.
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Total Interest Expenses" means the interest accrued in respect of all interest bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer during the Reference Period (including any interest which is capitalised, rolled-up or deferred during such period).
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer Group Companies in connection with the issue o f the Bonds, the listing o fthe bonds on an Exchange, and the refinancing o f the Existing Internal and Existing External Debt as specified in the Funds Flow Statement.
"Transaction Security" means the first priority ranking Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.

LEGAL#9321348v15

12(54)

] .2 1.2.1
1.2.2 1.2.3 1.2.4 2. 2.1 2.2 2.3

"Valuation Date" means 30 June and 31 December each year, with the first Valuation Date occurring on 31 December 2016.
"Valuation Report" means the Initial Valuation Report as updated from time to time on each Valuation Date in accordance with Clause 12.1.4 (h).
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 21 (Written Procedure).
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
No delay or omission of the Bond Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, the initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
The initial nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds as of the Settlement Date is SEK 300,000,000. All Bonds issued on the Settlement Date are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.

LEGAL#9321348v15

13(54)

24

The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, senior secured and guaranteed

obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference

among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated,

senior secured and guaranteed obligations of the Issuer.

2.5

The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a

Bondholder or the Bonds may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with

such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

2 .<'

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or

other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden or

Norway, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself

about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the

Issuer or the Bonds.

2.7

The Parent irrevocably appoints the Issuer to act on its behalf as its agent in relation to the

Finance Documents. The Issuer may on behalf of the Parent (i) supply information to the

Bond Trustee and the Bondholders, (ii) give and receive notices, instructions and other

communications under the Finance Documents, and (iii) make agreements and effect

amendments, supplements and variations relating to the Finance Documents.

3.

USE OF PROCEEDS

2I

Upon release from the Escrow Account, the Issuer shall exclusively employ the Net

Proceeds from the issue of the Bonds, as follows:

(a) first, the repayment of Existing External Debt in full and repayment in full or in part of the Existing Internal Debt (the "Refinancing Proceeds");

(b) secondly, Refurbishments in accordance with the Initial Refurbishment Plan up to the Refurbishment Proceeds; and

(c) thirdly, any remaining amount to be used for general corporate purposes of the Issuer Group, including working capital.

2.2

The use of the Net Proceeds pursuant to Clause 3.1 shall be satisfactory evidenced to the

Bond Trustee.

2.2

The Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally instruct the Bond Trustee and the Account

Bank to pay any fees and costs (including legal costs) due and owing related to the

issuance of the Bonds as evidenced through invoice from the Issuing Agent or the Bond

Trustee (confirmed by the Issuer) using the proceeds on the Escrow Account, to the extent

such fees and costs have not been deducted from the proceeds transferred to the Escrow

Account.

4.

PRE-SETTLEMENT CONDITIONS

4I

The Issuing Agent shall pay the Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds into the

Escrow Account on the later of (i) the Settlement Date and (ii) the date on which the Bond

Trustee notifies the Issuing Agent that it is satisfied that it has received the following:

(a) the Bond Trustee Agreement duly executed by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee;

LEGAL#9321348v15

14(54)

(b) these Terms and Conditions duly executed by the Issuer and the Bond Trustee;

(c) constitutional documents of the Issuer and the Parent including the articles of association (bolagsordning) and certificate of registration (registreringsbevis)) and necessary corporate resolutions in respect of the Issuer and the Parent pursuant to which they resolves to enter into the relevant Finance Documents and authorising one or several persons to sign, execute and deliver the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(d) the latest annual report of the Issuer;

(e) a group structure chart showing that the Issuer is the direct 100.00 per cent. owner of the Property Companies detailing company names, registration numbers and ownership percentages in respect of the Property Companies;

(f) a certificate issued by the Parent confirming that all vendor loans to the Issuer arising as a result of the Issuer's acquisition of the Property Companies from the Parent have been converted to unconditional shareholder contributions and constitute equity;

(g) due execution of the Guarantee Agreement by the Parent;

(h) signed copies of the eight Hotel Lease Agreements;

(i) a copy of the Initial Valuation Report; and

(j) the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement duly executed and perfected in accordance with its terms by all parties thereto (including all applicable notices, acknowledgements and consents from the Account Bank).

1.2

The Bond Trustee may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to

Clause 4.1 is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not

the case, and the Bond Trustee does not have to verify the contents o f any such

documentation or review it from a legal or commercial perspective.

1.4

The Bond Trustee shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1

have been satisfied.

44

The Net Proceeds shall be paid by the Issuing Agent into the Escrow Account. Subject to

Clause 4.1, the Net Proceeds standing to the credit on the Escrow Account shall be blocked

and pledged by the Issuer in favour of the Secured Parties and form part of the Transaction

Security pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

5.

ESCROW OF PROCEEDS

5.1

When the Bond Trustee is satisfied that it has received the following documents and

evidence, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Account Bank to promptly release the Net

Proceeds from the Escrow Account to the Issuer:

(a) a Compliance Certificate executed by the Issuer;

(b) a copy o f an insurance letter confirming that (i) insurances required pursuant to Clause 16.7 (Insurance) have been taken out by the Issuer with reputable insurance companies or underwriters and are in force, (ii) the necessary premium o f the

LEGAL#9321348v15

15(54)
insurance cover has been paid, and (iii) that such insurances are in line with industry standard and the level of cover is appropriate;
(c) constitutional documents of each Property Company (including the articles of association (bolagsordning) and certificate of registration (registreringsbevis)) and necessary corporate resolutions in respect each Property Company pursuant to which each such company resolves to enter into the relevant Finance Documents and authorising one or several persons to sign, execute and deliver the relevant Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(d) due execution of all Security Documents together with evidence of the establishment and perfection (as applicable) of such Transaction Security in accordance with the terms of the respective Security Document, meaning:
(i) due execution of the Guarantee Agreement by each of the Property Companies;
(ii) in respect of each Share Pledge Agreements, delivery of (i) a copy of the shareholder register (aktiebok) of the Issuer and each of the Property Companies with a notation stating that all its respective shares are pledged in favour of the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, (ii) all share certificates in the Issuer and the Property Companies other than the Missing Share Certificates, duly endorsed in blank to the Security Agent and (iii) a notice of pledge duly signed by each pledgor and acknowledged by the relevant Issuer Group Company;
(iii) in respect of the Insurance Pledge Agreement, (i) delivery of a notice from each of the Property Companies to its insurer stating that its insurance policy relating to its Property is pledged in favour of the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and (ii) evidence in written form (e.g. by email, letter or fax) that the insurer has received the notice referred to in (i);
(iv) in respect of the Receivables Pledge Agreement, delivery of (i) a notice from each of the Property Companies to its respective Hotel Lessee stating that its receivables under its respective Hotel Lease Agreement are pledged in favour of the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and (ii) an acknowledgement of receipt from the respective Hotel Lessee;
(v) in respect of each Loan Pledge Agreement, delivery of (i) a notice from each of the pledgors to each of the borrowers stating that its receivables are pledged in favour of the Security Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and (ii) an acknowledgement of receipt from the borrowers;
(vi) in respect of the Real Property Mortgage Agreement, delivery of original copies of all existing mortgage certificates issued in the Properties in written form and in computerised form (datapantbrev) having been made available in the Mortgages Certificates Register (Pantbrevsregistret) (as the case may be);
(e) the latest annual report of the Parent and each of the Property Companies;

LEGAL#9321348v15

16(54)

(f) release notices executed by the providers of Existing External Debt evidencing that all Existing Security over the assets of the relevant Issuer Group Companies has been or will be released on the date of disbursement;

(g) a search with the Swedish Land Registration Authority, in each case showing that (i) no mortgage certificates are issued in the Properties other than the mortgage certificates which are subject to Transaction Security pursuant to the Real Property Mortgage Agreement and the mortgage certificate in the amount of SEK 500,000 issued in the property Kalmar Krogaren 10 and (ii) that the Property Companies are the registered owners of the Properties;

(h) due execution of relevant standard agreements for all loans within the Issuer Group and between the Issuer and the Parent;

(i) the Funds Flow Statement;

(j) a copy of the Initial Refurbishment Plan; and

(k) evidence that the portion of the Existing Internal Debt which will not be refinanced with Refinancing Proceeds will be either (i) written of in full by Host Hoteleiendom AS (as evidenced by a written notice) or (ii) refinanced by loans (i.e. loans granted by the Parent to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the relevant Property Company) subject to a Loan Pledge Agreement, on the date of disbursement.

52

The Bond Trustee may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to

Clause 5.1 is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not

the case, and the Bond Trustee does not have to verify the contents of any such

documentation or review it from a legal or commercial perspective.

6.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

fi. 1

The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts

and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in

accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to

the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

fi.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise

have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts

Act.

(i.5

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from

the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. For the purpose of

carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of the Finance Documents, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the

CSD in respect of the Bonds.

fi. 1

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Bond Trustee, as notified by the Bond Trustee, in order for such individuals to

independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect

of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the

Bond Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.

LEGAL#9321348v15

17(54)

(o

The Issuer and the Bond Trustee may use the information referred to in Clause 6.3 and 6.4

only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance

with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Bondholder or

third party unless necessary for such purposes.

7.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER

7.1

If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation

starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

7.2

A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.

7.3

The Bond Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof

of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7.2 and may assume that it

has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full

force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Bond Trustee has actual

knowledge to the contrary.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

SI

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of

a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these Terms and

Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record

Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person

who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant

payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

K.2

If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any

other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected

by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by

the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.

Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able

to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the

persons who are registered as Bondholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible

after such obstacle has been removed.

S. 3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest

shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9.2 during such postponement.

5.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

S.3

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

perfection of the Transaction Security, but, for the avoidance of doubt, not in respect of

trading in the primary or secondary market.

LEGAL#9321348v15

18(54)

5.0

All amounts payable by the Issuer to the Bondholders shall be made without withholding

or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature

imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any authority thereof or therein unless

such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation or the interpretation or

application of such laws or regulations. If such withholding or deduction is required, the

Issuer will at the request of the relevant Bondholder pay such additional amounts

(the "Additional Amounts") as are necessary in order that the net amount received by the

relevant Bondholder, after such withholding or deduction, shall be equal to the respective

amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding

or deduction.

8.7

Notwithstanding Clause 8.5, no Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any

taxes or duties which:

(a) are payable by reason of any relevant person having, or having had, some connection with Sweden other than the mere holding of the Bond(s);

(b) would not be payable if a relevant person made a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority;

(c) would not be payable if a relevant person could claim an exemption under a tax treaty;

(d) are withheld or deducted pursuant to any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income or any provision of law implementing or complying with such Directive or Regulation; or

(e) gives rise to a tax credit that may be effectively used by a relevant person.

9.

INTEREST

7.1

Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate calculated on the Nominal Amount from

(but excluding) the Settlement Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall

be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest

Period.

`-1. 7

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of calendar days in the

Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days

basis.

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is 2.00 per cent. units higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Bond Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

10.

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

10.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with

LEGAL#9321348v15

19(54)

10.2 10.3 10.3.1
10.3.2
10.4 10.4.1
10.4.2 10.4.3

accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
Purchase of Bonds by the Issuer
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold by the Issuer.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full:
(a) any time from and including the Settlement Date to, but excluding, the First Call Date at a price equal to the Make Whole Amount; or
(b) any time from and including the Business Day falling six (6) months prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory Prepayment due to Permitted Partial Divestment
The Issuer shall ensure that, upon a Permitted Partial Divestment, an amount at least equal to the Release Price for each Property or Property Company divested (such amount referred to as the "Prepayment Amount") is transferred to the Escrow Account. When the Prepayment Amount has been transferred to the Escrow Account, the Bond Trustee shall release the security interest over the divested asset (as applicable). The Prepayment Amount shall remain on the Escrow Account until the Bond Trustee instructs the Account Bank to transfer such amount for the purpose o f prepayment o fthe Bonds as set out in this Clause 10.4.
The Issuer shall ensure that the Prepayment Amount is used to partially to prepay the Bonds by applying the Prepayment Amount towards reduction o fthe Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata at a price equal to 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The amount to be prepaid shall be rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00 per Bond.
The prepayment o fthe Bonds shall (i) be irrevocable (ii) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the end of the notice period set out in the notice delivered to the Bondholders pursuant to paragraph (iv) below, (iii) include accrued but unpaid Interest and (iv) be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the relevant Interest Payment Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Interest Payment Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the

LEGAL#9321348v15

20(54)

4 ).5 10.5.1 10.5.2
10.5.3 10.5.4
1 (i.h 10.6.1 10.6.2

Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to prepay the Bonds in accordance with Clause 10.4.2 on the specified Interest Payment Date.
Mandatory Prepayment due to a Loss Event
In the event of a Loss Event, the Issuer shall as soon as insurance proceeds are available but not later than one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days following the occurrence of a Loss Event, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full at a price per Bond equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Notwithstanding the above, following a Loss Event described in paragraph (b) or (c) in the definition of Loss Event, the Issuer may instead of a redemption rebuild the relevant Property, subject to:
(a) delivery of an investment plan to the Bond Trustee, approved by the Property Advisor (acting reasonable), describing how the insurance proceeds shall be applied; and
(b) the Issuer demonstrating to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents and to complete the proposed repair or reinstatement and rebuild of the relevant Property,
prior to one hundred and fifty (150) calendar days following the occurrence of a Loss Event (paragraph (a) and (b) jointly referred to as the "Rebuild Criteria").
The Issuer shall ensure that the proceeds out of a Loss Event are paid directly to the Escrow Account as soon as they become available (the "Insurance Proceeds"). The Bond Trustee may release the Insurance Proceeds to the Issuer to either (i) fund the redemption of the Bonds in full; or (ii) subject to satisfaction of the Rebuild Criteria, fund the rebuild of each affected Property.
Redemption in relation to a Loss Event shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality and repurchase due to a tax event (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer may repurchase the relevant Bonds if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, laws or regulations in Sweden, or any change in the interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the Settlement Date, the Issuer has or will become required to pay any Additional Amount in relation to such Bonds and this obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures

LEGAL#9321348v15

21(54)

10.6.3
10.7
10.7.1 10.7.2 10.7.3
10.7.4
10.7.5

available to the Issuer. The Bonds shall be repurchased at an amount per Bond equal to the amount specified in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), as applicable considering when the repurchase takes place.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption and repurchase pursuant to Clause 10.6.1 and 10.6.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem, or repurchase (in which case each relevant Bondholder is bound to sell), as the case may be, the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of thirty (30) calendar days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of thirty (30) calendar days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.7.1 and Clause 10.7.2.
If Bonds representing more than 90.00 per cent. of the Total Nominal Amount have been repurchased following a Change of Control Event, the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining outstanding Bonds at the price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the redemption date referred to in Clause 10.7.3. The Redemption Date in relation to such repurchase may occur at the earliest on the 15th calendar day following the date of such notice and no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.7.1.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.7 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold.

LEGAL#9321348v15

22(54)

10.7.6 11. 11.1
11.2 1 1.3 11.1
. 1.2 1 l,h

No repurchase of Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.7 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEE
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Parent and the Issuer Group Companies (as applicable) grant:
(a) on or before the Settlement Date, the Pre-Settlement Security; and
(b) on or before any disbursement is made from the Escrow Account, the Pre Disbursement Security,
to the Secured Parties as represented by the Security Agent. The Transaction Security shall be provided and, as applicable, perfected or unperfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into between the Parent or an Issuer Group Company (as applicable) and the Security Agent (acting on behalf of the Secured Parties). The Security Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Security Agent shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
The Transaction Security shall, subject to applicable mandatory law only, be first ranking. Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and for as long as it is continuing, the Transaction Security pursuant to the Receivables Pledge Agreement, the Loan Pledge Agreement referred to in paragraph (g) item (ii) in the definition of the "Security Documents" shall be perfected in accordance with the relevant Security Documents. In addition, the share pledge over the shares in the MSC Companies will be subject to delayed perfection in accordance with the terms of the Share Pledge Agreement over the Property Companies.
Unless and until the Bond Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Bond Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Parent, an Issuer Group Company or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Bond Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security or the Guarantee, creating further Security or guarantees for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders', the Parent's or an Issuer Group Company's rights to the Transaction Security or the Guarantee, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties, the Bond Trustee may instruct the CSD in the name and on behalf of the Issuer to arrange for payments to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and change the bank account registered with the CSD to another bank account. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide it with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under this Clause 11.5.
The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to release all Transaction Security when the Bond Trustee has received evidence to its satisfaction of the full discharge of the Secured

LEGAL#9321348v15

23(54)

12. 12.1 12.1.1
12.1.2 12.1.3
12.1.4

Obligations. The Bond Trustee may rely on information received by it in this respect from relevant third parties, unless it has actual knowledge that the information is incorrect.
INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer will procure that the following information is made available to the Bondholders by publication on the website of the Issuer or provision of copies thereof to the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after the end of each financial year, the audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year for the Issuer, prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;
(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after the end of each financial year, the audited unconsolidated financial statements for that financial year for the Parent, the Issuer and each Property Company, prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;
(c) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within thirty (30) calendar days after the end of each quarter of the Issuer's financial year, its consolidated unaudited financial statements for such period prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles; and
(d) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (if applicable) and the rules and regulations of the Exchange on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Bondholders and the Bond Trustee upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change of Control Event.
The Parent and the Issuer Group Companies, as applicable, shall without being requested to do so, immediately notify the Bond Trustee (with full particulars) in writing upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Event of Default, and any other event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and shall provide the Bond Trustee with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
The Issuer shall (and shall procure that each Property Company will (as applicable)):
(a) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee in writing in respect of any details as to a redemption or repurchase pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase o f the Bonds) ;

LEGAL#9321348v15

24(54)

12.1.5

(b) at the request of the Bond Trustee, report the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or, to the knowledge of the Issuer, an Affiliate;
(c) without being requested to do so, send the Bond Trustee copies of any statutory creditors' notifications of any Issuer Group Companies, including but not limited to in connection with mergers, de-mergers and reduction of the Issuer's share capital or equity;
(d) when the Bonds has been listed on an Exchange, without being required to do so pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, send a copy to the Bond Trustee of its notices to the relevant Exchange;
(e) if the Issuer and/or the Bonds are rated, without being required to do so pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, inform the Bond Trustee o f its and/or the rating o fthe Bond Loan, and any changes to such rating;
(f) without being requested to do so, inform the Bond Trustee of changes in the registration of the Bonds in the register kept by the CSD;
(g) within a reasonable time, provide such information about the Issuer's business, assets and financial condition as the Bond Trustee may reasonably request subject to any restrictions that may follow from mandatory laws, regulations and Exchange rules applicable to the Issuer;
(h) deliver no later than sixty (60) calendar days after each Valuation Date an up-todate Valuation Report from the Property Advisor evidencing the Properties Market Value in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee;
(i) without being requested to do so, promptly notify the Bond Trustee of:
(i) the proposed terms of any future renewal of any of the insurances;
(ii) any amendment, supplement, extension, termination, avoidance or cancellation of any of the insurances made or, to its knowledge, threatened or pending; and
(iii) any substantial claim, and any actual or threatened refusal of any substantial claim, under any of the insurances,
in each case relating to any of the insurances taken out in accordance with Clause 16.7 (Insurance),
provided that any information delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (i) above shall be subject to any restrictions that may follow from mandatory laws, regulations and Exchange rules applicable to the Company.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 12.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Bond Trustee. Together with the Issuers consolidated financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Bond Trustee a Compliance Certificate and copies of any notices sent to the Exchange on which the Bond Loan is admitted to trading.

LEGAL#9321348v15

25(54)

12 2 12.2.1
12.2.2
12 2
12 1 12.4.1 12.4.2 13. 12 1
12 2 13.2.1

Information from the Bond Trustee
Subject to the restrictions of a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the Bond Trustee in accordance with Clause 12.2.2, the Bond Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Group or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bond Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
If a committee representing the Bondholders' interests under the Finance Documents has been appointed by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders), the members of such committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer, provided that it, in the reasonable opinion o f such members, is beneficial to the interests o f the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the members of the committee.
Information among the Bondholders
Upon request by a Bondholder, the Bond Trustee shall promptly distribute to the Bondholders any information from such Bondholder which relates to the Bonds. The Bond Trustee may require that the requesting Bondholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Bond Trustee in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Bond Trustee) before any such information is distributed.
Publication of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the website o fthe Issuer and the Bond Trustee.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Bond Trustee during normal business hours.
FINANCIAL COVENANTS
Maintenance Test
(a) Interest Coverage Ratio: the Issuer shall, at all times, maintain an Interest Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.3:1.0; and
(b) Issuer Group LTV: the Issuer Group shall, at all times, maintain the Issuer Group LTV at a maximum of 60.00 per cent.
Cure of Maintenance Test
If at any time there is a breach of Clause 13.1 (Maintenance Test), no Event of Default will occur if, within five (5) Business Days of the delivery of the Compliance Certificate evidencing that breach, the Issuer:
(a) place the amount ofNew Investments required to cure such breach into the Escrow Account;

LEGAL#9321348v15

26(54)

13.2.2
13.2.3 13.2.4 13.2.5 15.5 14. 14 1 1- 1.2

(b) provide Supplementary Security; or
(c) effect any combination of paragraph (a) and (b).
After the New Investment has been credited to the Escrow Account and/or the Supplementary Security been provided to the Security Agent and perfected, the relevant Maintenance Test shall be recalculated giving effect to the following adjustments (in each case without double counting):
(a) for the purpose of calculating the Interest Cover Ratio: the interest bearing Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer shall be deemed to have been reduced by the amount of the New Investment credited to the Escrow Account and the Total Interest Expenses shall be recalculated accordingly for the whole Reference Period (and reflected in the calculations for the next three Reference Dates); and
(b) for the purpose of calculating the Issuer Group LTV: New Investment credited to the Escrow Account and/or the value of the Supplemental Security provided to the Security Agent and perfected shall be added to the Properties Market Value (as further set out in the definition of "Issuer Group LTV").
In relation to the Interest Cover Ratio, no more than three (3) cures may be made prior to the Maturity Date and cures may not be made on two (2) consecutive Reference Dates.
Any breach of a Maintenance Test which is cured pursuant to this Clause 13.2 (Cure o f Maintenance Test) shall not be considered a breach of that Maintenance Test.
Any New Investment placed into the Escrow Account pursuant to Clause 13.2.1 (a) above or Supplemental Security posted pursuant to Clause 13.2.1 (b) above, may at the Bond Trustee's sole discretion be released and discharged at a subsequent measurement date provided that both the Maintenance Tests are complied with pursuant to Clause 13.1 (Maintenance Test) following such release and discharge.
Financial testing
The Issuer undertakes to comply with the Maintenance Test financial covenants at all times. Such compliance shall be measured on each Reference Date and certified by the Issuer with each Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee pursuant to Clause 12.1.5.
ISSUER UNDERTAKINGS
Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its obligations under the Finance Documents at all times rank at least as set out in Clause 2.4.
Mergers
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries.

LEGAL#9321348v15

27(54)

14" I ll 14..'
14.0 14.6.1 14.6.2
14.6.3

De-mergers
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Issuer or any Issuer Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities.
Continuation of business
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no Issuer Group Company) cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Issuer Group from that carried on at the Settlement Date, and/or as set out in the Finance Documents.
Transaction Security
The Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) all of its shares in the Property Companies are comprised by Transaction Security;
(b) all intra-group loans granted by the Issuer to the Property Companies and the Parent are comprised by Transaction Security; and
(c) the Security to be granted by the Property Companies pursuant to these Terms and Conditions is comprised by Transaction Security.
Disposal
The Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no other Issuer Group Company will) enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not and whether voluntary or involuntary) to dispose of all or any part of any asset.
Clause 14.6.1 does not apply to any disposal:
(a) of a Property or the shares in a Property Company, in each case in accordance with Clause 14.6.3 below; or
(b) of any other of its assets or operations unless such disposal is made on arm's length terms at fair market value and does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Issuer may dispose of the shares in a Property Company and a Property Company may dispose of its Property if:
(a) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from that disposal;
(b) the Issuer Group LTV will not increase as a result of the disposal;
(c) that disposal is on arm's length terms at fair market value to an unrelated third party;
(d) the net disposal proceeds are sufficient and will be used for the payment of any taxes incurred by the disposing company in relation to the disposal and redeeming the Bonds with an amount at least equal to the Release Price; and

LEGAL#9321348v15

28(54)

14.6.4 11 11^ 119
I4.l(i

(e) the disposal together with any other disposal permitted pursuant to this Clause 14.6.3 does not represent more than 30.00 per cent. of the Properties Market Value as set out in the Initial Valuation Report,
a disposal in accordance with this Clause 14.6.3 is referred to as a "Permitted Partial Divestment".
For the purposes of this Clause 14.6, net disposal proceeds means the gross proceeds of any disposal permitted under Clause 14.6.3 less an amount of the reasonable costs and expenses associated with that disposal.
Arm's length transactions and affiliated parties
The Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no other Issuer Group Company will) enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.
Corporate status
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.
Compliance with laws
The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that each other Issuer Group Company will):
(a) carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it or they may be subject to from time to time; and
(b) obtain, maintain and ensure compliance in all material respects with all requisite permits, licences, exemptions and other authorisations and fulfil any material obligation to file any notifications or reports under any laws for the use of all Properties in accordance with the Lease Agreements.
Financial Indebtedness restrictions
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) incur or permit to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) other than:
(a) the Bonds;
(b) any shareholder loans from the Parent to the Issuer which is subject to Transaction Security;
(c) any intra-group loan from the Issuer to a Property Company which is subject to Transaction Security;
(d) prior to release of the Net Proceeds from the Escrow Account, the Existing Internal Debt and the Existing External Debt; and
(e) arising as a result of the refinancing of the Bonds in full provided that such Financial Indebtedness is not incurred earlier than ten (10) calendar days prior to the Redemption Date and held on a separate account.

LEGAL#9321348v15

29(54)
14 11 Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) create, permit to subsist or allow to exist any Security over any of its present or future assets or revenues, other than:
(a) Security granted (or to be granted) for the Secured Obligations;
(b) any lien or right of set-off arising by operation of law in ordinary course of business and not as a result of any default or omission by an Issuer Group Company;
(c) prior to the release of Net Proceeds from the Escrow Account, Existing Security;
(d) any Security over proceeds which have been utilised by the Issuer for the purpose of refinancing the Bonds in full; and
(e) Security over a property mortgage certificate in the amount of SEK 500,000 issued in the property Kalmar Krogaren 10.
14 12 Financial support
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) grant any loans, guarantees or other financial assistance to or on behalf o f any party other than any intra-group loans to the Parent and the Property Companies which are subject to Transaction Security.
I 112 Management fee
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Issuer Group Company will) make or agree to make any payment of general and administrative expenses to the Parent or any other Issuer Group Company or any of their affiliates other than Permitted Management Fee Payments.
14.14 Distribution restrictions
14.14.1 Other than,
(a) Permitted Management Fee Payments;
(b) distributions from a Property Company to the Issuer,
the Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no Issuer Group Company will) declare or make any dividend payment or distribution, whether in cash or in kind, repurchase o f shares or make other similar transactions (including, but not limited to total return swaps related to its shares and reductions in its share capital or equity), grant loans or make cash payment (interest or amortisations) under intra-group loans, or other distributions to its (direct or indirect) shareholders or affiliates thereof (collectively "Distributions") unless such Distribution is permitted by law and immediately after such Distribution:
(i) Issuer Group LTV is less than 55.00 per cent.;
(ii) Free Cash exceeds SEK 15,000,000; and

LEGAL#9321348v15

30(54)
(iii) no Event of Default is outstanding or would result therefrom.
14.14.2 If the Issuer carry out a Distribution it shall include detailed information of such Distribution in the next following Compliance Certificate which is to be delivered after such Distribution was made.
11.15 Hotel Lease Agreement
The Issuer shall ensure that the Property Companies shall not amend or agree to amend any material terms of the Hotel Lease Agreements without the prior written consent from the Bond Trustee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or assign, transfer, terminate or replace its respective Hotel Lease Agreements.
14 16 Business and management agreements of the Property Companies
The Issuer shall ensure that the Property Companies procures that its payments obligations under any business and management agreements will be subordinated to its obligations under the Finance Documents.
I I Issuer Holding Company
The Issuer shall not trade, carry on any business, own any assets or incur any liabilities except for:
(a) the provision of administrative services to other Issuer Group Companies of a type customarily provided by a holding company to its Subsidiaries;
(b) the provision of asset management services in relation to the Properties customarily provided within the business of the Issuer Group;
(c) ownership of shares in the Property Companies, intra-group debit balances, intra group credit balances, credit balances in bank accounts provided that such events are not prohibited by the Finance Documents;
(d) any liabilities under the Finance Documents to which it is a party and professional fees and administration costs in the ordinary course of business as a holding company;
(e) incurring and discharging liabilities for or in connection with taxes; and
(f) activities necessary to maintain its tax status.
14.1s Single purpose company
The Issuer shall ensure that each of the Property Companies remains special purpose vehicles with its sole purpose to own its respective Property and that no Property Company shall incur any liabilities except for in relation to the letting of the Properties pursuant to the Lease Agreements maintenance (inclusive Refurbishment) of the Property and insuring the Property or if so required under any laws, regulations or administrative orders or decisions.

LEGAL#9321348v15

31(54)

14.19 Undertakings relating to the Bond Trustee Agreement

14.19.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trustee Agreement and to the extent required therein:

(a) pay fees to the Bond Trustee;

(b) indemnify the Bond Trustee for costs, losses and liabilities;

(c) furnish to the Bond Trustee all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Bond Trustee; and

(d) not act in a way which would give the Bond Trustee a legal or contractual right to terminate the Bond Trustee Agreement.

14.19.2

The Issuer shall not terminate the Bond Trustee Agreement and the Issuer and the Bond Trustee shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Bond Trustee Agreement, without the prior consent of the Bondholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.

14.20 CSD related undertakings

The Issuer shall from the Settlement Date keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuer and the Bonds.

14.21 Listing undertaking

14.21.1

The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Bonds are admitted to trading on an Exchange within thirty (30) calendar days following the Settlement Date, and that it remains admitted or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Exchange.

14.21.2

Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to maintain the admission as long as any Bonds are outstanding, but not longer than up to and including the last day on which the admission reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of the Exchange and the CSD, subsist.

14.22 Replacement Share Certificates undertaking

14.22.1

The Issuer shall procure that the Parent cancel the Missing Share Certificates in accordance with Clause 15.11 (Missing Share Certificates undertaking). The Issuer shall also, at its own expense and at any time, comply with any request by the Swedish Companies Registration Office in relation to the application for the cancellation of the Missing Share Certificates

14.22.2

Once the cancellation of the Missing Share Certificates has been completed pursuant Clause 15.11 (Missing Share Certificates undertaking), the Issuer shall procure that the companies with Missing Share Certificates (being the "MSC Companies") issue the Replacement Share Certificates and (ii) that the MSC Companies promptly deliver the Replacement Share Certificates to the Bond Trustee duly endorsed in blank by the Issuer.

LEGAL#9321348v15

32(54)

15.

PARENT UNDERTAKINGS

15.1

Pari passu ranking

The Parent shall ensure that its obligations under the Guarantee at all times rank at least pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Parent towards its other creditors, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law.

15.2

Mergers

The Parent shall:

(a) not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of the Parent with any other companies or entities if such transaction would (i) have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) involve an Issuer Group Company; and

(b) ensure that no Issuer Group Company shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving a consolidation of the assets and obligations of any Issuer Group Company.

15.3

De-mergers

The Parent shall:

(a) not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of the Parent into two or more separate companies or entities, if such transaction would have (i) a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) involve an Issuer Group Company; and

(b) ensure that no Issuer Group Company carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving a split of any such Issuer Group Company into two or more separate companies or entities.

15.4

Continuation of business

The Parent shall not cease to carry on its business, and shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of its business from that carried on at the Settlement Date.

15.5

Disposal of business

Subject to Clause 15.9 (Ownership o f the Issuer and Transaction Security), the Parent shall not sell or dispose of all or substantially part of its assets or operation, unless the transaction is carried out at a fair market value, on terms and conditions customary for such transactions, and such transaction would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

15

Ar m's length transactions and affiliated parties

The Parent shall not enter into any transaction with any person except on arm's length terms and for fair market value.

LEGAL#9321348v15

33(54)

15. " 15.^
15 .9 15.9.1 15.9.2 I I! 15.11
16.
16.1
16.2

Corporate status
The Parent shall not change its type of organisation or jurisdiction of incorporation.
Compliance with laws
The Parent shall carry on its business in accordance with acknowledged, careful and sound practices in all material aspects and comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations it may be subject to from time to time.
Ownership of Issuer and Transaction Security
The Parent shall maintain a direct 100.00 per cent. ownership and voting rights of the Issuer.
The Parent shall ensure that all of its shares in the Issuer and all loans granted by it to the Issuer are comprised by Transaction Security.
Subordination of certain intra-group payment obligations
The Parent shall ensure that all payment obligations owed by the Issuer to the Parent is subordinated to the Issuer's obligations under the Finance Documents.
Missing Share Certificates undertaking
The Parent shall without undue delay apply for the cancellation of the Missing Share Certificates. The Parent shall, at its own expense and at any time, comply with any request by the Swedish Companies Registration Office in relation to the application for the cancellation o f the Missing Share Certificates. The Parent shall immediately notify the Bond Trustee when the application for cancellation of the Missing Share Certificates has been approved, denied or otherwise failed. If any Missing Share Certificates are found during the cancellation process, the Parent shall procure the immediate delivery o f such share certificates to the Bond Trustee and withdrawal in whole or in part o fthe pending application for the cancellation of the Missing Share Certificates.
PROPERTY COVENANTS
Inspection
The Issuer shall ensure that each Property Company shall upon reasonable request o fthe Bond Trustee arrange for the Bond Trustee, and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee, to have access to and to inspect the Properties at the reasonable expense o fthe relevant Property Company.
Payments from the Lessees
The Issuer shall on behalfo f each Property Company quarterly provide satisfactory documentation to the Bond Trustee evidencing, that all payments from each Lessee to the Property Companies under the Lease Agreements are paid on time. Delayed payment from the Lessees of thirty (30) calendar days or more shall in any event be reported to the Bond Trustee. The Property Companies may not give any Lessees a grace period for any payments in excess of forty-five (45) calendar days without the Bond Trustee's prior written approval.

LEGAL#9321348v15

34(54)

16.3

Lease default

The Issuer shall on behalf of each Property Company:

(a) immediately inform the Bond Trustee of any notice of default or termination under any Lease Agreement;

(b) provide information regarding the Lease Agreements which the Bond Trustee reasonably requests;

(c) comply with all its material obligation under the Lease Agreements; and

(d) use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Hotel Lessees operates the Properties in accordance with good hotel industry standard.

1ti.4

Proper management and maintenance

The Issuer shall ensure that each Property Company shall procure that its respective Property, including fittings, inventory, plant and machinery, are properly managed and maintained in accordance with good hotel industry standard, and where necessary replace the same with items of similar quality and value.

'.(o

No structural alteration

The Issuer shall procure that each Property Company shall not, and shall ensure that neither the Lessees will, make any structural changes or demolition of the Properties (in whole or in part) which is not included in the Refurbishment Plan or otherwise approved in writing by the Bond Trustee.

16.0 Access to staff and complying with instructions

The Issuer shall procure that each Property Company, following an Event of Default and for as long as it is continuing, ensure that the relevant Hotel Lessee will, act in accordance with the Bond Trustee's instructions and provide the Bond Trustee, and/or any persons appointed by the Bond Trustee with access to staff, inventory and documentation for on going hotel operations.

16 7 Insurance

The Issuer shall procure that each Property Company ensure that in any event insurance (with reputable independent insurance companies or underwriters) shall be maintained on and in relation to its respective business and assets as is usual for companies carrying on the same or substantially similar business and to:

(a) include comprehensive insurance cover (fullvardesforsakring) of all its Properties and the plant and machinery on such Property (including fixtures and improvements but excluding fittings owned by any tenant) on a full reinstatement value basis;

(b) include comprehensive insurance cover for damages caused by natural forces (including all risk insurance cover for, but not limited to, fire, water leakage (including in respect o f water pipes), storm, hail and flooding);

(c) include third party liability insurance (ansvarsförsäkring);

LEGAL#9321348v15

35(54)

1 16.8.1 16.8.2
16.8.3
17. 17. 1

(d) provide cover for loss of rent (in respect of a period of not less than thirty-six (36) months), including provision for any increases in rent during the period of insurance;
(e) insure such other risks as a prudent company in the same business, geography and market would insure; and
(f) in each case are in an amount, and in form, and with an insurance company or underwriters, acceptable at all times to the Bond Trustee and to an external insurance expert engaged by the Bond Trustee for the purpose of confirming the undertaking set out herein.
Refurbishment and Refurbishment Plan The Issuer shall procure that the Refurbishment Proceeds are applied towards Refurbishment of the Properties in accordance with the Refurbishment Plan.
The Issuer shall hold all unspent Refurbishment Proceeds on a separate account in its own name until all or part of such proceeds are lent to a Property Company for the purpose of being applied towards Refurbishment o f the Properties in accordance with the Refurbishment Plan.
If the Initial Refurbishment Plan contains any material fault, material omission or becomes obsolete, the Issuer shall without undue delay notify the Bond Trustee thereofand provide the Bond Trustee with the Issuer's suggestion for a Revised Refurbishment Plan for the Bond Trustee's approval. Following the Bond Trustee's and the Property Advisor's approval of such Revised Refurbishment Plan, it shall become the Refurbishment Plan.
ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
The Bond Trustee is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Bond Trustee and shall, i f made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 17.4, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, o f the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Bond Trustee determines, and (ii) exercise any or all o f its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents, if:
(a) the Parent or an Issuer Group Company does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(ii) is remedied within three (3) Business Days from the due date;
(b) the Issuer breaches any financial covenant set out in Clause 13.1 (Maintenance Test) unless such breach has been cured in accordance with Clause 13.2 (Cure o f a Maintenance Test);
(c) the Parent or an Issuer Group Company does not comply with any terms or conditions o f the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than the terms

LEGAL#9321348v15

36(54)
referred to in paragraph (a) (b) above), unless the misrepresentation or non compliance:
(i) is capable of remedy; and
(ii) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Bond Trustee giving notice and the Parent or any Issuer Group Company becoming aware o f the non-compliance;
(d) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than in accordance with the provisions o fthe Finance Documents), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect (directly or indirectly) on the interests of the Secured Parties;
(e) the Parent or an Issuer Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes o f any applicable law to be, Insolvent;
(f) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step (other than vexatious or frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days) is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension o f payments, a moratorium o f any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or similar (by way o f voluntary arrangement or otherwise) o fthe Parent or an Issuer Group Company;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of an Issuer Group Company;
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator, administrator, or other similar officer in respect o f the Parent or an Issuer Group Company or any o f their assets or any analogous procedure; and
(g) any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company;
(h) any material breach of any of the Lease Agreements occurs or any of the Hotel Lease Agreements is terminated except (i) if a Lease Agreement is replaced or amended with a new lease agreement with the same tenant on equal or better terms for the relevant Issuer Group Company, or (ii) if a Lease Agreement is replaced with a new lease agreement with another tenant if such tenant is o f at least the same financial standing and the new lease agreement is on equally or better terms for the relevant Issuer Group Company, provided in each case that the Bondholders will not be materially negatively affected;
(i) any event or series of events occurs which has a Material Adverse Effect;
(j)
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);

LEGAL#9321348v15

37(54)

(ii) any commitment for any Financial Indebtedness of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however described); or

(iii) any creditor of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company declares any Financial Indebtedness of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described),

provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (j) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or the commitment for Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK 10,000,000 in respect of the Issuer Group and SEK 30,000,000 in respect of the Parent.

17.2

The Bond Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 17.1 by

reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been

decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event

of Default (temporarily or permanently).

17.3

The Bond Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5)

Business Days of the date on which the Bond Trustee received actual knowledge of that an

Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Bond Trustee shall, within twenty

(20) Business Days of the date on which the Bond Trustee received actual knowledge of

that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so

accelerated. If the Bond Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee

shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19

(Decisions by Bondholders). The Bond Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time

necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.

17.4

If the Bondholders instruct the Bond Trustee to accelerate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee

shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the

opinion of the Bond Trustee, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the

Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no

longer continuing.

17.5

If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of

acceleration to be deemed to exist.

17.6

In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 17, the Issuer

shall redeem all Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the redemption amount specified in

Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption) as applicable considering when the acceleration

occurs.

18.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

18.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an

acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 17 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) and

any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the

Guarantee shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the

instructions of the Bond Trustee:

LEGAL#9321348v15

38(54)

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee in accordance with the Bond Trustee Agreement or the Finance Documents (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the Guarantee or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Bond Trustee, (iii) any costs incurred by the Bond Trustee for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 23.2.5, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.15, together with default interest in accordance with Clause 9.3 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including default interest in accordance with Clause 9.3 on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Bonds.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

18.2

If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred

to in Clause 18.1(a), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by

way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 18.1(a).

18.5

Funds that the Bond Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the

acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the

Guarantee constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate

interest-bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The

Bond Trustee shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 18

as soon as reasonably practicable.

If the Issuer or the Bond Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 18, the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.

19.

DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS

19.1

A request by the Bond Trustee for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Bond Trustee) be dealt with at a

Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

LEGAL#9321348v15

39(54)

]() 2

Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least

10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made

by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on

which the request is received by the Bond Trustee and shall, if made by several

Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter

relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Bond Trustee and dealt with at a

Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Bond Trustee.

The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in

the Bond Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders'

Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders'

Meeting.

] A3

The Bond Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a

Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition

to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Bond Trustee that an approval will

not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

]A-1 Should the Bond Trustee not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 19.3 being applicable, the Issuer or Bondholder(s) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuer or the Bond Trustee shall upon request provide the convening Bondholder(s) with such information available in the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds as may be necessary in order to convene and hold the Bondholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

! A.'

Should the Issuer want to replace the Bond Trustee, it may (i) convene a Bondholders'

Meeting in accordance with Clause 20.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending

communication in accordance with Clause 21.1, in both cases with a copy to the Bond

Trustee. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 23.4.3, the Issuer shall

no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may

be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in

accordance with Clause 20.1. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee before a notice for

a Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Bond

Trustee is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Bond Trustee,

append information from the Bond Trustee together with the notice or the communication.

1c>.(< Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to act on behalfo f a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:

(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 20.2, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 21.2, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the Adjusted Nominal Amount. Such Business Day specified pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the notice or the communication, as the case may be.

LEGAL#9321348v15

40(54)

19.7

The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least

75.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a

Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.2:

(a) a change to the terms of Clause 2.1, and any of Clauses 2.4 to 2.6;

(b) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Bond pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds);

(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount, other than as permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions;

(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds);

(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 19;

(f) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;

(g) a release of the Transaction Security or the Guarantee, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents;

(h) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities; and

(i) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 17 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

19.8

Any matter not covered by Clause 19.7 shall require the consent of Bondholders

representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which

Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a

Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21.2. This

includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance

Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted

pursuant to Clause 22.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of any

Transaction Security or the Guarantee.

19.9

Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a

Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal

Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 19.7, and otherwise 20.00 per cent. of the

Adjusted Nominal Amount:

(a) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or

(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.

If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Bondholders' meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.

LEGAL#9321348v15

41(54)

19 .1n
19.1 I 1v I ' iA 1 19.14 19.15 I v. 14
1,1 .

If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Bond Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 20.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 21.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. For the purposes of a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 19.10, the date of request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 20.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 21.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 19.9 shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Bond Trustee's consent, as applicable.
A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some o f its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit o f any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective o f them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose o f carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Bond Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge o f the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective o f whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall not be responsible for the accuracy o f such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each person registered as a Bondholder on the date referred to in Clause 19.6(a) or 19.6(b), as the case may be, and also be published on the website o f the Issuer provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, as applicable.

LEGAL#9321348v15

42(54)

20. 20.1
202
20.2 20 4 21. 21.1
21.2
2 1.2

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
The Bond Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Bond Trustee which is no more than five (5) Business Days earlier than the date on which the notice is sent.
The notice pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Bondholder in order to exercise Bondholders' rights at the Bondholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Bond Trustee may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Bond Trustee may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
WRITTEN PROCEDURE
The Bond Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Bond Trustee which is no more than five (5) Business Days earlier than the date on which the communication is sent.
A communication pursuant to Clause 21.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 21.1). If the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
When consents from Bondholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 19.7 and 19.8 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 19.7 or 19.8, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

LEGAL#9321348v15

43(54)

22. 22.1
22.2 22.2
22 4 23. 22 1 23.1.1
23.1.2 23.1.3

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Bond Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders as a group, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Bondholders).
The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
The Bond Trustee shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 22.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 12.4 (Publication o fFinance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Bond Trustee, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE BOND TRUSTEE
Appointment of the Bond Trustee
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Bond Trustee to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Bond Trustee to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer and any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security and the Guarantee. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Bond Trustee to act on its behalf.
Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Bond Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), that the Bond

LEGAL#9321348v15

44(54)

23.1.4 23.1.5 33.3 23.2.1
23.2.2 23.2.3
23.2.4 23.2.5

Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee Agreement and the Bond Trustee's obligations as Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Bond Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and the Guarantee pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security and any claim under the Guarantee on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for the content, due execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security and will not act as an advisor to the Bondholders (whether legal, commercial or otherwise).
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to actively assess or monitor (i) the financial condition of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company, (ii) the compliance by the Parent or the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents (unless expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or (iii) whether an Event of Default has occurred or not.
The Bond Trustee only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Bond Trustee Agreement and upon instructions of the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Terms and Conditions or the Bond Trustee Agreement. When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Bond Trustee shall act in the best interest of the Bondholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties without having to first obtain any consent from the Issuer or the Bondholders, but the Bond Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee is entitled to engage external experts, such as the Property Advisor or an insurance expert, when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is entitled to be reimbursed for such cost by the Issuer, provided that such costs shall be approved by the Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the above, no such approval shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Parent or an Issuer Group Company or the Finance Documents which the Bond Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Bond Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution o fproceeds).

LEGAL#9321348v15

45(54)

23.2.6

The Bond Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

23.2.7

The Bond Trustee shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Bond Trustee, as may be necessary in order for the Bond Trustee to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

23.2.8

Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Bond Trustee may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

23.2.9

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

23.2.10

If in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Bond Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer or the Bondholders (as applicable), the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

23.2.11

The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Bond Trustee Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 23.2.10.

23.3

Limited liability for the Bond Trustee

23.3.1

The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall never be responsible to the Bondholders for indirect damage.

23.3.2

The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts addressed to the Bond Trustee or if the Bond Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.

23.3.3

The Bond Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Bond Trustee to the Bondholders, provided that the Bond Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Bond Trustee for that purpose.

LEGAL#9321348v15

46(54)

23.3.4 23.3.5
23.4
23.4.1 23.4.2 23.4.3
23.4.4
23.4.5 23.4.6 23.4.7

The Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee when acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders or a demand by Bondholders given in accordance with the Finance Documents.
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Bond Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Bond Trustee
Subject to Clause 23.4.6, the Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Bond Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Bond Trustee.
Subject to Clause 23.4.6, if the Bond Trustee is Insolvent, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Bond Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Bond Trustee and appointing a new Bond Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Bond Trustee be dismissed and a new Bond Trustee appointed.
If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Bond Trustee within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Bond Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Bond Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Bond Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Bond Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents.
The Bond Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Bond Trustee and acceptance by such successor Bond Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Bond Trustee.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Bond Trustee.

LEGAL#9321348v15

47(54)

23.4.8
24. 34.1 34.3
25. 35.1 35.3
26. 3fi.l
3(i.3

In the event that there is a change of the Bond Trustee in accordance with this Clause 23.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Bond Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Bond Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Bond Trustee and releasing the retiring Bond Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Bond Trustee Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Bond Trustee agree otherwise, the new Bond Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Bond Trustee.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security or the Guarantee to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of the Parent or an Issuer Group Company under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Bond Trustee.
Clause 26.1 shall not apply if the Bond Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 23.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Bond Trustee Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 23.2.10, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after

LEGAL#9321348v15

48(54)

3(i.3 27. 3 7. 1 3^.3 28. .'N 28.1.1
38.3

notice pursuant to Clause 23.2.11 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 26.1.
The provisions of Clause 26.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.7 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
PRESCRIPTION
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Bond Trustee, shall be given at the address specified on its website www.nordictrustee.com on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Bond Trustee to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Parent or an Issuer Group Company, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Bond Trustee, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee from time to time; and
(c) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Bondholder in order to receive the communication, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders. A notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the Issuer.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 28.1, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 28.1, or, in case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient.

LEGAL#9321348v15

49(54)

225 2S. 1 225 28.5.1
28.5.2
29. 221
2)2 225 24.4

Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Bond Trustee shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 10.4 (Mandatory Prepayment due to Permitted Partial Divestment), 10.5 (Mandatory Prepayment due to a Loss Event), 10.6 (Early redemption due to illegality and repurchase due to a tax event (call option)), 10.7 (Mandatory Prepayment due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put option)), 12.1.2, 12.1.3, 19.7, 20.1, 21.1, and 22.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Bond Trustee, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 28.1.1, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Bond Trustee may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Bond Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Bond Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 29 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

LEGAL#9321348v15

50(54)

30.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

.'(i. 1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

>().!:

The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm

(Stockholms tingsrätt).

LEGAL#9321348v15

LEGAL#9321348v15

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: 0'c::>C.-O Date: O '1... , 7... .
HOST PROPERTY AB (PUBL) as Issuer

51 (54)

52(54)
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Date: C) 1_,. HOST AB as Parent

LEGAL#9321348v15

53(54)

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place:

U l^

Date: ZCM h ^ i 7~~ 0 7 -

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ) is Bond Trustee

ristofferAndersson VDI CEO

LEGAL#9321348v15

LEGAL#9321348v15

SCHEDULE 1

PROPERTY COMPANIES AND PROPERTIES

Property Company:
Host Grand i Falun AB (reg. no. 556548-1792) Host Strand i Sundsvall AB (reg. no. 556548 1826)
Host Statt i Örnsköldsvik AB (reg. no. 556548-1750)
Host Munskänken i Kalmar AB (reg. no. 556548-1099) Host Kabbelekan i Olofström AB (reg. no. 556548-1834) Host Christian IV i Kristianstad AB (reg. no. 556742-9492) Host Stadt i Karlskrona AB (reg. no. 556742 9500) Fastighetsaktiebolaget Skeppsbron (reg. no. 556000-8038)

Property: Falun Cuprum 1 Sundsvall Neptunus 6 Sundsvall Bacchus 7 Örnsköldsvik Berlin 4 Örnsköldsvik Berlin 5 Örnsköldsvik Berlin 9 Kalmar Krögaren 10
Olofström Holje 176:1
Kristianstad Otto Marsvin 9
Karlskrona Öresund 15
Härnösand Börsen 2

54(54)

