TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 275,000,000 9.00% SENIOR UNSECURED BONDS
2013/2016 ISIN: SE0005250529
WITH INDEX ENTERPRISE LLC AS GUARANTOR
Issue Date: 28 June 2013
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions.

Index

1 Definitions....................................................................................................................................2

2 The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments................................................... 8

3

Status............................................................................................................................................8

4 Guarantees, the Cash Sweep Account and the Debt Service Account........................................ 8

5 The Bonds and transferability....................................................................................................10

6 Bonds in electronic book-entry form ......................................................................................... 11

7 Payments of principal and interest............................................................................................. 11

8 Redemption at maturity.............................................................................................................. 12

9 Early redemption by request of the Company............................................................................12

10 Mandatory Partial Prepayment...................................................................................................12

11 Interest........................................................................................................................................ 13

12 Default interest........................................................................................................................... 13

13 The Group Companies'purchase of Bonds................................................................................13

14 Special undertakings.................................................................................................................. 13

15 Put option due to a Change of Control Event.............................................................................16

16 Termination of the Bonds............................................................................................................ 16

17 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc...... 19

18 Holders'meeting and procedure in writing.................................................................................24

19 Fees, expenses and ta x .............................................................................................................. 27

20 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions............................................................................ 27

21 Time-bar.....................................................................................................................................28

22 Allocation of payments............................................................................................................. 28

23 Notices and press releases......................................................................................................... 29

24 Nominee registration..................................................................................................................30

25 Force majeure and limitation of liability................................................................................... 30

26 Governing law and j urisdiction..................................................................................................31

1

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 275,000,000 9.00% SENIOR UNSECURED BONDS
2013/2016 ISIN SE0005250529

1 Definitions

For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply:

"Account Operator"

means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing av fmansiella instrument) and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of the Bonds;

"Affiliate"

means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, ``control'' when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms ``controlling'' and ``controlled''have meanings correlative to the foregoing;

"Agent Agreement"

means the fee agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Company on or about the Issue Date regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee;

"Bank"

means Nordea Bank AB, reg. no 516406-0120, 105 71, Stockholm, Sweden;

"Banking Day"

means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer's Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve shall for the purposes of this definition be deemed to be public holidays;

"Banking Day Convention"

means the first following day that is a Banking Day;

"Bond"

means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and issued by the Company under these Terms and Conditions;

"Bond Issue"

means the issuance of the Bonds;

2

"Bond Trustee"

means the Holders' agent and security trustee under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Swedish Trustee AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordscentralen, Strandvägen 35, SE-114 56 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Book Equity"

means the consolidated book value of the Group's aggregate shareholders' equity according to the latest Financial Report;

"Call Option Amount" means:

(a) 105.0 per cent of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised after the First Call Date up to, and including, the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date;

(b) 103.5 per cent of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised after the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date up to, and including, the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;

(c) 102.0 per cent of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised after the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date to, but not including, the Final Redemption Date;

"Call Date"

means any Banking Day after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date;

"Cash Sweep Account"

means the Company's Swedish bank account with account number 1803 27 02881 held with the Bank which has been pledged under the Cash Sweep Account Pledge Agreement;

"Cash Sweep Account Pledge Agreement"

means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge over the Cash Sweep Account and all funds held on the Cash Sweep Account from time to time;

"Change of Control Event"

means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons (not being, directly or indirectly, one or both of the Current Shareholders or its/their Affiliate(s)) acting together, acquire control over the Company or the Guarantor and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50.00 per cent of the voting shares of the Company or the Guarantor (as applicable), or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Company or the Guarantor (as applicable);

"Company"

means Index International AB (publ), reg. no. 556561-0770, P.O. Box 7744, SE-103 95 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, signed by the Company certifying that so far as it

3

is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and information on the Joint Venture Distribution Events having occurred and the Joint Venture Distribution Amounts emanating from such Joint Venture Distribution Events, together with a confirmation that such Joint Venture Distribution Amounts have been transferred to the Cash Sweep Account. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets;

"Current Shareholders"

means Fredrik Alamaa, personal identification number 670118 7293 and Bjarne Borg, personal identification number 660211 1533;

"CSD"

means the Company's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Debt Service Account"

means the bank account with account number 1803 27 02040 held by the Company with the Bank which has been pledged in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Bond Trustee) under the Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement;

"Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement"

means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Debt Service Account and all funds held on the Debt Service Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Bond Trustee and the Holders (represented by the Bond Trustee);

"Event of Default"

means the events, circumstances and situations set forth in Section 16.1;

"Final Redemption Date" means 28 December 2016;

"Financial Report"

means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Company, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Company, which shall be prepared and made available according to Section 14.11 (a) and 14.11 (b);

"First Call Date"

means the date falling 24 months after the Issue Date;

"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Section 25.1;

4

"Group" "Group Company" "Guarantee Agreement"
"Guarantor" "G uarantor's Group" "Holder" "Incurrence Test" "Index Energy Mills"
"Interest Payment Date"
"Interest Period"
"Interest Rate" "Issue Date"

means the Company and all Subsidiaries from time to time;
means the Company or any of the Subsidiaries;
means the guarantee agreement entered into between the Guarantor and the Bond Trustee (as representative for the Holders) on or about the Issue Date, through which the Guarantor leaves an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee as for its own debt for the full and punctual payment of the Company's obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement;
means Index Enterprise LLC (5606 PGA Boulevard, Suite 211, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33418), a limited liability company outside of the Group, incorporated under Florida state law, directly owned to 50 per cent each by the Current Shareholders;
means the Guarantor and all of the Guarantor's Subsidiaries from time to time;
means a person registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond;
the Incurrence Test is met if the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets of the Group is at least 0.40;
means Index Energy Mills Road Corporation, a company incorporated under Canadian law, conducting business in the area of co-generation (steam and electricity), owned to 70 per cent by the Company and to 30 per cent indirectly by members of the Kerr family, who are part of the local management team;
means 28 March, 28 June, 28 September and 28 December each year or, to the extent such day is not a Banking Day, the Banking Day following from an application of the Banking Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 28 September 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date);
means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from, but excluding, an Interest Payment Date up to and including the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if applicable), in no case adjusted due to an application of the Banking Day Convention;
means interest at a fixed rate of 9.00 per cent per annum;
means 28 June 2013;

5

"Issuing Agent"

means the issuing agent from time to time; initially Pareto Öhman AB, reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE-103 91 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Joint Venture Companies"

means Västermalmsstrand Holding AB, reg. no. 556794-0316 and Fröjden AB, reg. no. 556794-0332;

"Joint Venture Distribution Amount"

means the aggregate amount of all cash transferred from Joint Venture Distribution Events during a Joint Venture Distribution Event Period;

"Joint Venture Distribution Event"

means an event where cash is transferred from any of the Joint Venture Companies to the Company or any Group Company, through dividend, repayment of loans or otherwise;

"Joint Venture Distribution Event Period"

means a period, the first being the period from the Issue Date up until 20 Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date on 28 September 2014, and all following periods being from the end of the preceding Joint Venture Distribution Event Period up until 20 Banking Days prior to the following Interest Period;

"Maintenance Test"

the Maintenance Test is met if the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets of the Group is at least 0.35;

"Mandatory Partial Prepayment"

has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1;

"Material Adverse Effect"

means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, or the Guarantor's Group taken as a whole, (b) the Company's, or, where applicable, the Guarantor's, ability to perform and comply with the undertakings set out in Section "Special undertakings" under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents;

"Material Group Company"

means the Company or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent of the Total Assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) according to the latest Financial Report, and the Guarantor or a Subsidiary of the Guarantor representing more than 5.00 per cent of the total assets of the Guarantor's Group calculated correlative to the foregoing;

"Net Proceeds"

means the proceeds from the Bond Issue after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Company to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds;

"Nominal Amount"

has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1;

6

"OMX" "Person"
"Prepayment Price"
"Purpose of the Bond Issue" "QIB" "Qualified Majority" "Record Date"
"Restricted Payment" "Securities Account" "Security Documents"
"SEK" "Subsidiary"

means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB, reg. no. 556383-9058, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden;
means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality;
means an amount equal to 102.0 per cent of the Nominal Amount to be prepaid by the Company pursuant to a notice of Mandatory Partial Prepayment and shall include accrued but unpaid interest;
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5;
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6;
has the meaning set forth in Section 18 (d);
means the fifth Banking Day prior to a payment date or, if at the relevant time another Banking Day is generally applied in the Swedish bond market as record date for such payment, such other Banking Day;
has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1;
means a securities account (Sw. VP-konto) in which each Holder's holding of Bonds is registered;
means the Guarantee Agreement, the Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement and the Cash Sweep Account Pledge Agreement;
means the lawful currency for the time being in Sweden;
means in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such person, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body, or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time), and (however, not for the purposes of calculating the Maintenance Test and the Incurrence Test), Gyllene Ratten Holding AB, reg. no. 556795-1321 and the

7

"Terms and Conditions" "Total Assets" "U.S. Securities Act" "Voting List"

Joint Venture Companies; means these terms and conditions, as amended from time to time; means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets according to the latest Financial Report; has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5; has the meaning set forth in Section 18 (g).

2

The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments

2.1 The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 275,000,000 and will be represented by Bonds, each of an initial nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005250529.

2.2 The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.

2.3 The Company undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.

2.4 The Company may choose not to issue the full amount of Bonds at the Issue Date and may in such case choose to issue the remaining amount of Bonds at one or more subsequent dates. Such Bonds may be sold at another price than the Nominal Amount.

2.5 Of the Net Proceeds, and after deducting the amount of the Net Proceeds to be transferred to the Debt Service Account in accordance with the below, approximately SEK 200,000,000 shall be contributed by the Company to its subsidiary Index Energy Mills, and of the remaining amount of the Net Proceeds up to SEK 50,000,000 can be used by the Company to repay shareholder loans and shall otherwise be used to finance the Group's operations, which shall be construed to include repayment of short term loans and the granting of loans to the Guarantor's Group for general corporate purposes.

3

Status

The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank at least pari passu and without any preference among them.

4

Guarantees, the Cash Sweep Account and the Debt Service Account

4.1 As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Company's present and future obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, the Guarantor and the Company have entered into and shall enter into the Security Documents for the benefit of the Holders and the Bond Trustee.

4.2 An amount corresponding to four quarterly interest payments to be paid under these Terms and Conditions, in total SEK 24,750,000, shall be transferred from the Net Proceeds to the Debt Service Account on the Issue Date.

8

4.3 The Company shall ensure that the Security Documents are duly executed by the respective Group Company and/or the Guarantor in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) and the Bond Trustee and that the Security Documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect. The Company shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Bond Trustee to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.
4.4 The Bond Trustee will, where applicable, hold the security created under the Security Documents on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents.
4.5 Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Company, its Subsidiaries or third parties if it is, in the Bond Trustee's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, releasing or enforcing the security created under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Security Documents, respectively.
4.6 If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Section 16, or following the Final Redemption Date, the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Security Documents, in such manner and under such conditions that the Bond Trustee finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security Documents).
4.7 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security or guarantee created under all or any of the Security Documents, the Bond Trustee is obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to cause for termination having ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Bond Trustee shall not enforce any of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
4.8 Funds that the Bond Trustee receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security or guarantee created under the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Bond Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the Bond Trustee deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Section 4.9, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
9

4.9 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any security or guarantee created under any Security Document, the Company irrevocably authorises and empowers the Bond Trustee to act in the name of the Company, and on behalf of the Company, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 4.8. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 4.9 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 4.8. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Bond Trustee's request, provide the Bond Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 4.8 to the Holders through the CSD.
5 The Bonds and transferability
5.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
5.3 Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at its own cost and expense.
5.4 Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Security Documents relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.
5.5 The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
5.6 The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers" ("QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act. In the application form each person applying for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. person it must confirm, inter alia, that it is a QIB.
5.7 Holders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act, (b) to a person that the Holder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in accordance
10

with Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available).
5.8 For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has purchased the Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

6

Bonds in electronic book-entry form

6.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of each Holder on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of a will or a deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

6.2 The Company (and the Bond Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) and the Issuing Agent (in relation to Holders' meetings and procedures in writing under Section 18) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Bond Trustee, the Company shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Bond Trustee.

6.3 The Company shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Bond Trustee, as notified by the Bond Trustee, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Company may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Bond Trustee or unless consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7

Payments of principal and interest

7.1 Payment of the Nominal Amount and/or interest will be made to the person who is a Holder, or who otherwise according to registration on a Securities Account is entitled to receive payment in respect of Bonds, on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.

7.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a designated bank account, such payment will, subject to Section 7.3, be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.

7.3 Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of any amounts according to this Section 7, the Company shall procure that such amount is paid to the person who is registered as a Holder on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

7.4 If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with this Section 7 was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge

11

that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
7.5 The Company may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions.

8

Redemption at maturity

The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at 100.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date.

9

Early redemption by request of the Company

9.1 The Company may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds early on any Call Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than 20 Banking Days' notice in accordance with Section 23. The notice shall be irrevocable but may, at the Company's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Company is bound to redeem the Bonds in full. The notice shall also state the redemption date and the relevant Record Date.

9.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the relevant Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest in accordance with Section 11 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Call Date.

9.3 The Bonds may not be redeemed by request of the Company prior to the Final Redemption Date in any other circumstances.

10 Mandatory Partial Prepayment
10.1 Upon the occurrence of a Joint Venture Distribution Event, the Company shall make a partial prepayment at the Prepayment Price with the aggregate Joint Venture Distribution Amount by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata with the Joint Venture Distribution Amount ("Mandatory Partial Prepayment"). The prepayment shall be executed on the Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) falling after the Joint Venture Distribution Event in question and include accrued but unpaid interest, the first such Interest Payment Date being the Interest Payment Date on 28 September 2014 and the last such Interest Payment Date being the Interest Payment Date on 28 September 2016 (i.e., no Mandatory Partial Prepayment shall occur on the Final Redemption Date). The Company shall give not less than twenty (20) Banking Days' notice of the prepayment to the Holders and the Bond Trustee. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Company is bound to execute the prepayment at the Prepayment Price. If the aggregate Nominal Amount under all outstanding Bonds would fall below SEK 27,500,000 due to a Mandatory Partial Prepayment, the Company must also redeem all remaining outstanding Bonds at the Prepayment Price when executing the Mandatory Partial Prepayment in question.
10.2 The Prepayment Price shall be an even amount in SEK and paid to the Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to the relevant prepayment date.

12

11 Interest
11.1 The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant redemption date.
11.2 Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period and shall be calculated on a 30/360-days basis.
12 Default interest
12.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at an annual rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus 2.00 per cent, from, but excluding, the date such payment was due, up to and including, the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised.
12.2 If the delay is due to a Force Majeure Event for the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent, the default interest shall not exceed the Interest Rate.
13 The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
13.1 Any Group Company may at any time purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Company, cancelled.
13.2 Bonds held by a Group Company, or any of its Affiliates, in accordance with Section 13.1 or 15 will, as long as they are held by a Group Company or any of its Affiliates, not carry the right to attend and vote at the Holders' meetings and will not be taken into account, inter alia, for the purposes of Section 17.4 or 18.
14 Special undertakings
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, or until such other date as set forth below, the Company undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Section 14.
14.1 Distributions
The Company undertakes not to, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, with the exception of repayments of shareholder loans permitted pursuant to the Purpose of the Bond Issue, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay or pay interest under any shareholder loans, or (v) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Company's, or its Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders ((i)-(v) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made (i) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries if such Restricted Payment is made to the Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not wholly-owned, is made on a pro rata basis, or (ii) by the Company in or towards payment of dividends, principal or interest to the Current Shareholders (or an Affiliate of any of the Current Shareholders) if, at the time of the payment, no Event of Default is continuing and the Incurrence Test (including the Restricted Payment in question in the calculation) is fulfilled, and the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments of the Group
13

and the Guarantor's Group in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question) does not exceed the higher of SEK 10,000,000 or an amount corresponding to 30 per cent of the aggregate net profit (Sw. årets resultat) after tax of the Company's and the Guarantor's Group for the previous fiscal year based on the annual audited financial statements (and without accumulation of profits from previous fiscal years).
14.2 Listing of Bonds
The Company undertakes to ensure (a) that the Bonds are listed at the corporate bond list on OMX not later than one year after the Issue Date and shall take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on OMX, continue being listed on OMX for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of OMX and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (b), upon any subsequent bond issue, that the volume of Bonds listed on OMX promptly, but not later than 10 Banking Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly.
14.3 Nature of business
The Company undertakes to procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried out by the Group as of the Issue Date.
14.4 Disposals of assets
The Company undertakes not to, and shall procure that no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or that Material Group Company's assets or operations to any person not being the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
14.5 Compliance with laws etcetera
The Company undertakes to, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by the respective Group Company.
14.6 Dealings with related parties
The Company undertakes to, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders, at arm's length terms.
14.7 Debt Service Account
The Company undertakes to procure that no funds are transferred from the Debt Service Account except to make the Interest Payments under theses Terms and Conditions.
14.8 Transfer of Joint Venture Distribution Amounts
14

The Company undertakes to procure that all cash being made available in the Joint Venture Companies, which are for the account of the Group Companies, without delay, as soon as it is legally possible to do so, shall be transferred to the Company, or any other Group Company, and accordingly constitute a Joint Venture Distribution Amount which shall be transferred directly to the Cash Sweep Account for the purpose of using them for Mandatory Partial Prepayments of the Nominal Amount under these Terms and Conditions.
14.9 Restriction on lending
The Company undertakes not to, and shall procure that no Group Company, grant any loans, except for lending between Group Companies, and between Group Companies and companies within the Guarantor's Group.
14.10 Maintenance Test
The Company undertakes to ensure that the Maintenance Test is met.
14.11 Financial reporting
The Company undertakes to:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Company, both including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than 4 months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Company, both including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than 2 months after the expiry of each relevant interim period (where the first relevant interim period is the second quarter of the year 2013);
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Bond Trustee when and each time a Financial Report is made available and, at the Bond Trustee's reasonable request, within 20 calendar days from such request;
(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions available on the website of the Group;
(e) promptly notify the Bond Trustee when the Company is or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and provide the Bond Trustee with such further information as the Bond Trustee may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice;
(f) notify the Bond Trustee of any transaction referred to in Section 14.4 and shall, upon request by the Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Bond Trustee deems necessary, and (ii) a determination from the Company which states whether the transaction has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Bond Trustee may assume that any information provided by the Company is correct, and the Bond Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the
15

adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Bond Trustee is not responsible for assessing if the transaction may have any Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Company's determination whether the transaction has a Material Adverse Effect or not; and
(g) when the Bonds have been listed on OMX, prepare the Financial Reports referred to in in Section 14.11 (a) and 14.11 (b) in accordance with IFRS and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of OMX and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).
15 Put option due to a Change of Control Event
15.1 The Company shall immediately notify the Holders and the Bond Trustee upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event.
15.2 Upon occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Holder shall have the right to request that all or some of its Bonds are repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest, during a period of 30 calendar days following the notice from the Company of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Section 15.1 (after which time period such right shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
15.3 The notice from the Company pursuant to Section 15.1 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased.
15.4 If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Company, the Company shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Company pursuant to Section 15.1. The repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Banking Days after the end of the period referred to in Section 15.2.
15.5 The Company shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Section 15, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 15 by virtue of the conflict.
16 Termination of the Bonds
16.1 The Bond Trustee is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all but not only some of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Bond Trustee determines (such later date not falling later than 20 Banking Days from the date on which the Bond Trustee made such declaration), if:
(a) Non-payment: the Company fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with these Terms and Conditions unless its failure to pay is due to an existence of a Force Majeure Event or payment is made within 5 Banking Days of the due date;
16

(b) Other obligations: the Company or, where applicable, the Guarantor, does not comply with these Terms and Conditions, in any other way than as set out in Section 16.1 (a) or with any of the Security Documents, provided that the Bond Trustee has requested the Company in writing to remedy such failure, or procure that the Guarantor remedies such failure, and such failure has not been remedied within 15 Banking Days from such request (if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(c) Cross-acceleration: any financial indebtedness of a Material Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Section (c) if the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness is less than SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any financial indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(d) Insolvency:
(i) any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its financial indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the financial indebtedness of any Material Group Company;
(e) Insolvency proceedings: any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures or steps are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii) in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction;
(f) Mergers and demergers:
(i) a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Bond Trustee has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be
17

understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) the Company merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Company is not the surviving entity;
(g) Creditor's process: any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within 30 calendar days;
(h) Impossibility or illegality: it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for a Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or any of the Security Documents or if the obligations under these Terms and Conditions or any of the Security Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(i) Continuation of the business: any Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in Section 16.1 (f) above, or (ii) a permitted disposal of assets as stipulated in Section 14.4.
16.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the applicable Call Option Amount (or at 105.0 per cent of the Nominal Amount if the Bonds are declared due and payable prior to the First Call Date) plus the accrued but unpaid interest, if any, pursuant to Section 11 from but excluding the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.
16.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 16.1 (b) and (c) above or, regarding any of the Company's or the Guarantor's Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 16.1 (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) above may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Bond Trustee's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Section 16.1 (d).
16.4 The Bond Trustee shall only give its consent to a merger and/or demerger in accordance with Section 16.1 (f) (i) if an accountant, engaged in accordance with Section 17.2 (f), has assured that the merger and/or demerger will not have a Material Adverse Effect.
16.5 It is not necessary that a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for it to be a cause for termination.
16.6 The Company is obligated to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 16.1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 16.1. The Company shall further, at the request of the
18

Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with details of any circumstances referred to in Section 16.1 and provide the Bond Trustee with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Section 16.
16.7 The Company is only obligated to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 16.6 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds have been listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with OMX or otherwise, the Company shall however be obligated to either seek the approval from OMX or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Bond Trustee, in order to be able to timely inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 16.6.
16.8 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 16.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within 10 Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 18. If the Holders vote in favour of termination, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Bond Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
16.9 If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Bond Trustee harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Bond Trustee in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
16.10 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 16, the Bond Trustee shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
16.11 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 16 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or the Holders pursuant to Section 18.
17 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc.
17.1 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders
(a) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the
19

Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds).
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee), as the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents, no Holder may take any action against any Group Company or the Guarantor in matters relating to the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of any Group Company or the Guarantor or the making of an administration order in relation to any Group Company or the Guarantor or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to any Group Company or the Guarantor in respect of any of the liabilities of a Group Company or the Guarantor whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Section 17.1 (c) shall not apply if the Bond Trustee has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Section 17.1(b)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Company of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement or a Security Document, or by any reason described in Section 17.5 (a), such failure must continue for 40 Banking Days after notice pursuant to Section 17.5 (b) before a Holder may take any action referred to in Section 17.1 (c).
(e) The provisions of Section 17.1 (c) shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Section 15 or other payments which are due by the Company to some but not all Holders.
17.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Group Companies and the Guarantor of their obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The Bond Trustee shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 18 and implement any decisions which have been taken at such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is
20

expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In its capacity as security trustee, the Bond Trustee shall ensure that all security to be granted in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) become perfected in due course. Further, the Bond Trustee shall hold and, if applicable, enforce any security created under the Security Documents on behalf of the Holders and shall monitor the compliance by the Group Companies and the Guarantor of their respective obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents with respect to the security interests created under the Security Documents.
(c) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of one or more Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until a resolution has been passed on the matter at a Holders'meeting.
(d) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate the exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(e) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obligated to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach o f a fiduciary duty or duty o f confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(f) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil or evaluate its rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents. The costs of such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obligated to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts. The Bond Trustee may choose to rely on copies of all documents that are to be presented to the Bond Trustee and may assume that any document presented to the Bond Trustee is correct, and the Bond Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such documents.
17.3 Limited liability for the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Bond Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
21

(b) The Bond Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Bond Trustee or if the Bond Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Bond Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
(c) The Bond Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents to be paid by the Bond Trustee to the Holders, provided that the Bond Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Bond Trustee for that purpose.
(d) The Bond Trustee shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Bond Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Section 18.
(e) Any liability towards the Company which is incurred by the Bond Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Company to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents.
17.4 Replacement of Bond Trustee and Issuing Agent
(a) Subject to Section 17.4 (f), the Bond Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Company and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee in accordance with the procedures in Section 18.
(b) Subject to Section 17.4 (f), if the Bond Trustee is insolvent, the Bond Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Bond Trustee and the Company shall within 10 Banking Days appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Company (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Holder on the day the notice is received by the Company and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Bond Trustee and appointing a new Bond Trustee. The Company may, at a Holders' meeting convened by it or procedure in writing initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Bond Trustee be dismissed and a new Bond Trustee appointed.
(d) If the Holders have not appointed a successor Bond Trustee within 90 calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Bond Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Company shall appoint a successor Bond Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
22

(e) The retiring Bond Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Bond Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Bond Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents.
(f) The Bond Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Bond Trustee and acceptance by such successor Bond Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the Bond Trustee.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Bond Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions or Security Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Bond Trustee. Its successor, the Company and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Bond Trustee.
(h) In the event that there is a change in the identity of the Bond Trustee in accordance with this Section 17.4, the Company shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Bond Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Bond Trustee the rights, powers and obligations of the Bond Trustee and releasing the retiring Bond Trustee from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents and the Agent Agreement. Unless the Company and the new Bond Trustee agrees otherwise, the new Bond Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Bond Trustee.
(i) The Company appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(j) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Company, provided that the Company has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Company shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
17.5 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions. If in the Bond Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Bond Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Company, the Bond Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or
23

indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Section 16.8 and 16.9 without first having received such funding or indemnities.
(b) The Bond Trustee shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Company of any fee or indemnity due to the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents or the Agent Agreement, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Section 17.5 (a).
18 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and be notified in accordance with Section 23, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation o f the holding o f Bonds o f the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within 20 Banking Days from receipt o f such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee is not required to convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, or (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 23 not later than 10 Banking Days and not earlier than 30 Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content o f each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a resolution form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in
24

writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 18 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders'meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 1,000,000 (or such lower Nominal Amount that follows due to a Mandatory Partial Prepayment) held. A Holder need not use all of its votes and is not obligated to vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. Bonds held by any Group Company or any of its Affiliates shall not carry any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be in accordance with the opinion held by the majority of the Nominal Amount of the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues, the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted or, as applicable, the answers received for a resolution to be passed ("Qualified M ajo rity "):
(i) two thirds (2/3) to (1) waive a breach of a special undertaking in Section 14, and (2) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) to (1) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company, (2) amend any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (3) amend the provisions in this Section 18 (d).
If the number of votes are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company (or any of its Affiliates) shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within 15 minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the reply period), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended period for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 23. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with Section 18 (d), through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(f) At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants.
25

Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
(g) The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Bond Trustee and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of the Holders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote (the "Voting List"). The list shall include information on the Nominal Amount that each Holder (or, as the case may be, representatives/proxies) represents. The chairman shall further arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting. The minutes shall include the Voting List (which shall be approved by the Holders' meeting), any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee may request supplements and clarifications but is not obligated to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Bond Trustee shall disregard any answers that deviate from the listed alternatives or from an alleged Holder whose voting right is not apparent from the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee. The relevant resolutions from the meeting shall also be sent to the Holders in accordance with Section 23.
(h) If the Company and the Bond Trustee deem it appropriate, a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers through a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(i) If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address set out by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 18 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that deviate from listed alternatives (in a resolution form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 18 (g).
(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution being or not being passed at the Holders' meeting.
(k) If the Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within 20 Banking Days after having received such request, the
26

requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 18 (g) exists, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting person.
(l) For the purpose of this Section 18, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 24 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee, or other sufficient evidence, (i) certifying, or evidencing, that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 24 and this Section 18 (l).
(m) The Company shall bear all its and the Bond Trustee's costs in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
19 Fees, expenses and tax
19.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses (including legal costs) incurred by it in connection with, and the fulfilment of its obligations under, these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.
19.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in the Agent Agreement.
19.3 Subject to applicable law and regulation, (i) the Company shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the Bond Issue and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable and (ii) the Holders shall pay any stamp duty or public fees accruing in connection with trading of Bonds in the secondary market. The Company shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee under item (ii) above or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.
20 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions
20.1 The Bond Trustee may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company and the Guarantor to amend these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents or provide consents and/or waivers in relation to these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents as long as such
27

amendment, consent or waiver does not limit the obligations of the Company and the Guarantor to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, in the Bond Trustee's discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment, consent or waiver is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 18, the Bond Trustee may also agree with the Company and the Guarantor regarding other amendments.
20.2 The Bond Trustee may also, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company and the Guarantor to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bonds are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
20.3 Amendments of, and consents and/or waivers in relation to, these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 23, setting out the date, when applicable, from which the amendments will be effective. Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall further be notified to the CSD under the address set forth in Section 1.
21 Time-bar
21.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time-barred and become void 10 years from the relevant redemption date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be time-barred and become void 3 years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment have been time-barred and become void.
21.2 If such periods for limitation are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of 10 years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of 3 years with respect to interest payments, will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
22 Allocation of payments
22.1 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default
All payments by the Company or the Guarantor (as applicable) relating to the Bonds and the Security Documents following a termination of the Bonds in accordance with Section 16 and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the security under the Security Documents shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Bond Trustee:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Company to the Bond Trustee, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Bond Trustee for
28

external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee in relation to a Holders'meeting or a written procedure;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid interest under the Bonds (interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under these Terms and Conditions.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with Sections 22.1 (a)-(d) above shall be paid to the Company or the Guarantor (as applicable). The application of proceeds in accordance with Section 22.1 (a)-(d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' meeting from resolving that accrued interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
22.2 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Section 22.1(a), such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Section 22.1(a).
22.3 If the Company or the Bond Trustee shall make any payment under this Section 22, the Company or the Bond Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least 15 Banking Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Section 7.1 shall apply.
22.4 Allocation of payments to the Holders
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
23 Notices and press releases
23.1 Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents (unless otherwise is stipulated in such Security Document):
(a) if to the Bond Trustee, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Banking Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Company, to such email address notified by the Bond Trustee to the Company from time to time;
(b) if to the Company, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Banking Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Bond Trustee, to such email address notified by the Company to the Bond Trustee from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Record Date prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A
29

notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Group and the Bond Trustee.
23.2 Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents (unless otherwise is stipulated in such Security Document) shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Bond Trustee and the Company, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Section 23.1 or, in case of letter, 3 Banking Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Section 23.1 or, in case of email to the Bond Trustee or the Company, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Section 23.1.
23.3 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
23.4 Any notice that the Company or the Bond Trustee shall send to the Holders pursuant to Section 9.1, 10.1, 15.1, 16.8, 18 (b), 18 (g) or 20.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Company or the Bond Trustee, as applicable.
23.5 In addition to Section 23.4, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Bond Trustee may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Bond Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Company the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Company does not promptly issue a press release and the Bond Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
24 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 18).
25 Force majeure and limitation of liability
25.1 Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
25.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
25.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions or the Security Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
30

25.4 The provisions in this Section 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
26 Governing law and jurisdiction 26.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of Sweden. 26.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to
Section 26.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance. 26.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Bond Trustee (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Company in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets.
[Signature page tofollow ]
31

We hereby confirm that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company
INDEX INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL) (the Company)

Rickard Haraldsson
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent that they refer to us
SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) (the Bond Trustee)
Erik Saers
We hereby acknowledge and accept the above Terms and Conditions and that we pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement guarantees the obligations of the Company under the above Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement.
INDEX ENTERPRISE LLC (the Guarantor)

Bjarne Borg

Fredrik Alama

We hereby confirm that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company
INDEX INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL) (the Company)

Rickard Haraldsson
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent that they refer to us
SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) (the Bond Trustee)
Erik Saers
We hereby acknowledge and accept the above Terms and Conditions and that we pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement guarantees the obligations of the Company under the above Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement.
INDEX ENTERPRISE LLC (the Guarantor)

Bjarne Borg

Fredrik Alama

We hereby confirm that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company INDEX INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL) (the Company)
Rickard Haraldsson
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent that they refer to us SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) (the Bond Trustee)
Erik Saers
We hereby acknowledge and accept the above Terms and Conditions and that we pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement guarantees the obligations of the Company under the above Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. INDEX ENTERPRISE LLC (the Guarantor)
Fredrik Alama
32

W e hereby confirm that the above T erm s and C onditions are binding upon the C om pany
INDEX INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL) (the Company)
Rickard Haraldsson
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent that they refer to us SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) (the Bond Trustee)
Erik Saers
We hereby acknowledge and accept the above Terms and Conditions and that we pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement guarantees the obligations of the Company under the above Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. INDEX ENTERPRISE LLC (the Guarantor)

Bjarne Borg

Fredrik A lam a

