TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BYGGMÄSTARE ANDERS J AHLSTRÖM FASTIGHETS AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 500,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE
BONDS 2016/2021 ISIN: SE0008294342
Issue Date: 29 April 2016
The distribution of this document and the private placement of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or
delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION....................................................................................1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS ..........12 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS.......................................................................................................12 4. USE OF PROCEEDS ...............................................................................................................12 5. SECURITY .................................................................................................................................13 6. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY ...............................................................................14 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM ..........................................................................................15 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER......................................................................16 9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS........................................................................16 10. INTEREST..................................................................................................................................17 11. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS......................................................17 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................................18 13. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT.........................................................23 14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT ................................................................................................24 15. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS ...........................................................................................24 16. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS ...........................................................................................28 17. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS.....................................................................................................29 18. HOLDERS' MEETING ..............................................................................................................31 19. WRITTEN PROCEDURE.........................................................................................................32 20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS ............................................................................................33 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT..................................................34 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT ................................37 23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD .......................................................37 24. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS ..................................................................................38 25. TIME-BAR...................................................................................................................................38 26. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES......................................................................................39 27. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.........................................................40 28. LISTING ......................................................................................................................................40 29. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.............................................................................40

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BYGGMÄSTARE ANDERS J AHLSTRÖM FASTIGHETS AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 500,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE
BONDS 2016/2021 ISIN: SE0008294342

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90, Stockholm, Sweden).

"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.

"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.

1

"Book Equity" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option Price" means:
(a) the Make Whole Price if the early redemption is exercised before the First Call Date;
(b) 102.509 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the early redemption is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty six (36) months after the Issue Date;
(c) 102.007 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the early redemption is exercised on or after the date falling thirty six (36) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling forty two (42) months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.505 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the early redemption is exercised on or after the date falling forty two (42) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling forty eight (48) months after the Issue Date;
(e) 101.004 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the early redemption is exercised on or after the date falling forty eight (48) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling fifty four (54) months after the Issue Date;
(f) 100.502 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the early redemption is exercised on or after the date falling fifty four (54) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date; or
(g) 100.00% of the Nominal Amount if the early redemption is exercised on or after the date falling fifty four (54) months after the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date, provided that such early redemption is financed in full by way of the Issuer issuing Market Loan(s) in which the Holders shall have the possibility to participate by way of roll-over (however subject to the Issuer's decision on allocation).
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means cash and short-term liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and any investments in money market funds.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby: one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly,
2

more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the votes of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or imminent or, if it is aware that such event is continuing or imminent, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets, the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Property Value and the Interest Coverage Ratio (including calculations in respect of any Equity Cure).
"Conditions Subsequent" means all events and evidences set forth in Clause 14 (Conditions Subsequent).
"Confirmation" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.6 (Property Valuations).
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Cure Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.4.3.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any exceptional items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company;
(f) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests;
3

(h) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(i) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of Group Companies.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Equity Cure" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.4.3.
"Escrow Account" means the Issuer's bank account held with the escrow bank and which has been pledged under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent before the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Exchange Offer Cash Component" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Existing Bondholders' Roll-over" below.
"Existing Bondholders' Roll-over" means the Existing Bonds which in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' acceptance of the Existing Bondholders' roll-over shall be used as payment for the Bonds in the Initial Bond Issue (in kind) ("Roll-over Bonds"). Applicants delivering Roll-over Bonds will receive, in cash, on or about the early redemption date of the Existing Bonds, (i) accrued but unpaid interest on the Roll-over Bonds up until (and including) the early redemption date of the Existing Bonds and (ii) the premium of the call option amount to be paid by the Issuer for early redemption of the Existing Bonds (the "Exchange Offer Cash Component").
"Existing Bondholders" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Existing Bonds" below.
"Existing Bonds" means the outstanding senior secured bonds 2013/2018 issued by the Issuer for the bondholders thereunder (the "Existing Bondholders") of maximum SEK 200,000,000 with ISIN SE0005504719, which shall be redeemed in full and/or rolledover into Bonds in connection with the Initial Bond Issue.
"Existing Bond Security" means all security provided in relation to the Existing Bonds.
"Final Redemption Date" means 29 April 2021.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs and/or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
4

"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement, the Security Documents and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases (the "Operational Lease Freeze");
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
(e) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(f) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(g) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)­(g).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to Clause 12.10.1 (a)­(b).
"First Call Date" means the date falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
5

"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.
"Funds Flow Statement" has the meaning set forth in Clause 13.1 (b).
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Holders' Meeting).
"Initial Bond" means any Bond issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement satisfactory to the Agent in the agreed form as at the Issue Date to be entered into by the Issuer as borrower, the Agent (on behalf of the Holders) as senior creditor and any subordinated lender.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10.1­10.3.
"Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate gross interest bearing debt of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 29 January, 29 April, 29 July and 29 October each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 29 July 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date being the final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + 465 basis points per annum.
"Interest Rate Protection Agreements" means any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement or similar agreement or arrangement designed to protect the Issuer or its Subsidiaries against fluctuations in interest rates where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions or the Senior Facility, and not entered into for investment or speculation.
"Issue Date" means 29 April 2016.
6

"Issuer" Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Fastighets AB (publ) (reg. no. 556734-5805, Domarebacken 38, SE-145 57 Norsborg, Sweden).
"Issuing Agent" means Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) (reg. no. 516406-0138, SE103 38, Stockholm, Sweden), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Listing Failure" means the situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date.
"Maintenance Test" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.4.1.
"Main Shareholder" means Mikael Ahlström, personal identification no. 560930-3937, and his Affiliates.
"Make Whole Price" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of one hundred and two point five zero nine (102.509) per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant Record Date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders);
both present values under items (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on a Regulated Market or recognised unregulated market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Mitt Alby" means Mitt Alby AB (reg. no. 556931-8271, Domarebacken 38, SE-145 57 Norsborg, Sweden), being the direct Subsidiary of the Issuer as of the Issue Date.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
7

"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to cash or Cash Equivalent Investments and any amounts paid under Interest Rate Protection Agreements (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans or other subordinated loans subject to the Intercreditor Agreement).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate Interest Bearing Debt (excluding Shareholder Loans or other subordinated loans subject to the Intercreditor Agreement) less cash and Cash Equivalent Investments, including funds held on the Escrow Account, of the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report, in accordance with the Accounting Principles, adjusted for the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and sole bookrunner for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds., shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use of proceeds).
"New Valuation Report" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.6 (Property Valuations).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in item (a) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness" above.
"Roll-over Bonds" has the meaning set forth in the definition "Existing Bondholders' Rollover" above.
"Parent" means Byggmästare Anders J Ahlström Holding AB (reg. no. 556943-7774, Domarebacken 38, SE-145 57 Norsborg, Sweden), being the direct shareholder of the Issuer as of the Issue Date.
"Property" means (i) the real property BOTKYRKA ALBYBERGET *5, located in Botkyrka municipality, Sweden, and (ii) any other property (land and buildings) or building rights owned or held by a Group Company from time to time.
"Property Value" means the aggregate fair value of the Property according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under
8

Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds).
"Refinancing" means a refinancing of the Senior Facility (which includes any security agreements in relation to the Senior Facility), up to the capital amount outstanding as of the date of the refinancing, that is entered into in all material respects on similar or more advantageous terms for the benefit of the borrowers and/or pledgors under such agreements (as applicable) and which are not detrimental to the Holders.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 (Distributions).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Documents" means the Share Pledge Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and any other document designated as a security document by the Issuer and the Agent.
"SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Senior Facility" means the SEK 465,000,000 senior facility loan (or any Refinancing thereof) raised by Mitt Alby under an agreement entered into by Mitt Alby (as borrower) and SBAB Bank AB (publ) (as lender) on or about 8 November 2013, as amended, of which SEK 446,400,000 was outstanding as of 31 December 2015.
"Shareholder Loans" means any shareholder loans of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loans (i) are provided by any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer for the purpose of paying interest, principal or any other amounts due under the Bonds, (ii) according to its terms and pursuant to an Intercreditor Agreement between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, (iii) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date and (iv) according to its terms yield payment-in-kind interest.
"Share Pledge Agreement" means a first priority pledge over all of the issued shares in the Issuer pursuant to a share pledge agreement entered into between the Parent and the Agent (on behalf of the Holders).
9

"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK one hundred million (100,000,000) for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to item (b) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero (0), STIBOR will be deemed to be zero (0).
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which such Person, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First
10

1.2 1.2.1
1.2.2 1.2.3 1.2.4 1.2.5

Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue and (ii) the listing of the Bonds (including additional Bonds) on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market).
"Transaction Security" means the security provided or to be provided under the Security Documents.
"Valuation Report" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.6 (Property Valuations).
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.

11

2.

THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS

2.1

The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 500,000,000 which

will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples

thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is

SEK 250,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue"). All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at

an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount. Bonds may be paid

for in kind by delivery of Existing Bonds, subject to subscriptions from Existing

Bondholders in accordance with the Existing Bondholders' Roll-Over, to be specified in a

separate application form. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0008294342. The minimum

permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.

2.2

The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the Issue Date issue additional Bonds under

these Terms and Conditions (each such issue, a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total

amount under such Subsequent Bond Issue(s) and the Initial Bond Issue equals

SEK 500,000,000, always provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result

from such issue. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance

Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to the same Terms and Conditions as

the Initial Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher

price than the Nominal Amount..

2.3

The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance

and comply with these Terms and Conditions.

2.4

The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and

Conditions.

2.5

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be

subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms

these Terms and Conditions.

3.

STATUS OF THE BONDS

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu and without any preference among them. The Bonds are secured by the Transaction Security.

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Issuer shall establish the Escrow Account prior to the Issue Date. On the Issue Date, the

Issuing Agent shall transfer the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account. For the purpose of

securing that the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled before any

disbursement of the Net Proceeds is made, the Escrow Account will be pledged in favour of

the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent). The pledge over the Escrow Account

shall be released when the Conditions Subsequent have been fulfilled.

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out in Clause 13.1 have

been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the

account bank to make the relevant transfer from the Escrow Account. The Net Proceeds shall

12

then be used for the prepayment in full of the Existing Bonds (including any costs and expenses incurred by the agent and security agent under the Existing Bonds but excluding any Roll-over Bonds which shall be prepaid in full with Bonds in the Exchange Offer). Any remaining Net Proceeds shall be used for general corporate purposes. The proceeds from any Subsequent Bond Issue shall be used for general corporate purposes.

5.

SECURITY

5.1

As continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under

the Finance Documents, the Parent shall pledge to the Agent and the Holders (as represented

by the Agent), as a first priority pledge, all of the shares in the Issuer pursuant to the Share

Pledge Agreement.

5.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents relating thereto are

duly executed in favour of the Agent and the Holders (as represented by the Agent) and that

such documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect

according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and/or procure the execution of such

further documentation as the Agent may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the

Agent to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.

5.3

The Agent will, where applicable, hold the Transaction Security on behalf of itself and the

Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents.

5.4

Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Clauses 17

(Decisions by Holders), 18 (Holders' Meeting) and 19 (Written Procedure), the Agent is,

without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements

with the Group Companies or third parties if it is, in the Agent's sole discretion, necessary

for the purpose of establishing, maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction

Security or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the Transaction

Security. The Agent is entitled to take all measures available to it according to the Security

Documents.

5.5

If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 13 (Termination of the

Bonds) or following the Final Redemption Date, the Agent is, without first having to obtain

the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the Transaction Security, in such manner and under

such conditions that the Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security

Documents).

5.6

If a Holders' meeting has been convened, or a Written Procedure instigated, to decide on the

termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of the Transaction Security, the Agent is

obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the Transaction

Security. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has

ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the

Agent shall not enforce any of the Transaction Security. If the Holders, without any prior

initiative from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination of the

Bonds and enforcement of any of the Transaction Security in accordance with the procedures

set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders), 18 (Holders' Meeting) and 19 (Written

13

Procedure), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the Transaction Security. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.

5.7

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) on behalf of the Holders in connection

with the enforcement the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds (Sw.

redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om

redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The

Agent shall promptly arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with Clause 16

(Distribution of proceeds) as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Agent deems it

appropriate, it may, in accordance with Clause 5.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment

to the Holders.

5.8

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Agent under these Terms and

Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of

Transaction Security, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent to act in the

name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to

the Holders in accordance with Clause 5.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set

out in this Clause 5.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain

outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with

any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the

Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its

duties under Clause 5.7 (including as required by the CSD in order for the CSD to accept

such payment instructions). Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's request, provide

the Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent to change the bank

account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent and to instruct

the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 5.7 to

the Holders through the CSD.

6.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

6.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

6.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

6.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating

to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

6.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

14

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

6.5

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

full rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be

directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

7.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

7.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request

of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

7.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6

At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Agent.

7.7

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use

the information referred to in Clause 7.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties

and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and shall not

disclose such information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

15

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such Person.

8.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder.

8.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clauses 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume

that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a

repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the

Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

9.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any

other payment that shall be made under the Finance Documents shall be deposited in a

certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment

date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address

registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the

Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall

procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the

relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the

CSD (as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled

to receive such amount.

9.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary

market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any

applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to

16

10. 10.1
10.2 10.3 10.4
11. 11.1
11.2
11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2

reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.
INTEREST
The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.
Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is 200 basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day and if permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention, and otherwise on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled, except in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date at the applicable Call Option Price together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the
17

11.4 11.4.1
11.4.2
11.4.3 11.4.4 12. 12.1

Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of fifteen (15) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (h). The fifteen (15) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (h) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.10.1 (h). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be disposed of in accordance with Clause 11.2 (The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds).
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any shareholder loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or its Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i) ­ (vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted
18

12.2
12.3
12.4 12.4.1

Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by:
(a) any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to a Group Company and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis; or
(b) the Issuer, provided that the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made by the Group in a financial year (including the Restricted Payment in question but excluding any Restricted Payment made in accordance with item (a) above) does not exceed an amount equal to fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Group's consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) (calculated net of any gains from revaluation of assets) according to the annual audited consolidated Financial Report for the previous financial year.
Listing of Bonds
The Issuer shall ensure (i) that the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market within twelve (12) months after the Issue Date, (ii) that the Bonds, once admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (iii) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on the relevant Regulated Market promptly, and not later than ten (10) Business Days after the relevant issue date, is increased accordingly.
Market Loans
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, (i) issue any Market Loan that has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur before the Final Redemption Date, (ii) create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Market Loan or (iii) repurchase any Market Loan, or part thereof, issued by any Group Company, other than in relation to the Existing Bonds, the Bonds and any permitted early redemption of the Bonds in full.
Maintenance Test
The Issuer shall ensure that the following ratios are met at all times for as long as any Bond is outstanding (the "Maintenance Test"):
(a) the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets is 0.20 or greater;
(b) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Property Value does not exceed 0.75; and
(c) the Interest Coverage Ratio is 1.40 or greater.

19

12.4.2 12.4.3
12.4.4 12.4.5 12.4.6
12.4.7 12.5

The Issuer may in its sole discretion choose to calculate the Maintenance Test in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date, or the Accounting Principles as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time.
For the purpose of curing a deficiency in relation to the ratios referred to in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above, the Issuer shall after the expiry of each Relevant Period have the right to increase its equity for the purpose of the calculation of the relevant ratio for such Relevant Period (an "Equity Cure"), provided that the amount used to cure any deficiency or potential default hereunder (the "Cure Amount") shall be obtained in cash by the Issuer:
(i) before the delivery of the Compliance Certificate relating to the Relevant Period immediately succeeding the expired Relevant Period during which the deficiency in relation to the relevant ratio was reported; and
(ii) as (A) new share capital, (B) unconditional shareholders' contribution or (C) Shareholder Loans.
When re-calculating the ratio of Book Equity to Total Assets pursuant to an Equity Cure, the Book Equity used in the calculations shall be increased with the Cure Amount on a SEK by SEK basis.
When re-calculating the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Property Value pursuant to an Equity Cure, the Net Interest Bearing Debt used in the calculations shall be decreased with the Cure Amount on a SEK by SEK basis.
When re-calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio pursuant to an Equity Cure, the Finance Charges shall be reduced by an amount corresponding to the amount with which the Finance Charges would have been reduced if the Cure Amount was applied towards a SEK by SEK reduction of the Financial Indebtedness relevant for the Finance Charges for the entire Relevant Period calculated pro forma and, when making the SEK by SEK reduction, based on the weighted average (blended rate) Finance Charges for such Financial Indebtedness for such period. For the avoidance of doubt, such pro forma calculation may be included when calculating the Finance Charges for subsequent Relevant Periods having overlapping interim periods with the Relevant Period which first included the pro forma calculation, however only taking into account such overlapping interim periods.
Only one Equity Cure is allowed during a twelve (12) month period and only two (2) Equity Cures may occur in aggregate prior to the Final Redemption Date.
Disposals of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or any Group Company's assets or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction (taken as a whole also taking into account any transaction ancillary or related thereto) is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material

20

Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction in accordance with Clause 12.10.2.

12.6

Property valuations

The Issuer shall procure that external valuation reports regarding the fair value of the Property as at 31 December each year are prepared by Savills Sweden AB, NAI Svefa B, CBRE, Newsec, Forum Fastighetsekonomi AB, DTZ or any other a reputable independent property advisor acceptable to the Agent (the "Valuation Report"). The Issuer shall, in connection with preparation of the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group, confirm to the Agent that the market value of the Property is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, not less than the value set out in the latest Valuation Report or New Valuation Report (as applicable) (the "Confirmation"). If the Issuer suspects that the market value may be less than the value set out in the latest Valuation Report the Issuer has to submit a new Valuation Report in connection with preparation of the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group (the "New Valuation Report").

12.7

Nature of business

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business as carried out by the Group on the Issue Date.

12.8

Dealings with related parties

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding when such shareholder is another Group Company) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders, at arm's length terms.

12.9

Compliance with law etcetera

12.10

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on which the Issuer's securities from time to time are listed, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.
Financial reporting etcetera

12.10.1

The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;

21

(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;

(c) provide to the Agent the Valuation Report not later than two (2) months after 31 December of each year;

(d) provide to the Agent the Confirmation not later than at the time of making available the reports referred to in paragraph (b) above unless the Issuer is unable to provide the Confirmation in which case the Issuer shall instead submit a New Valuation Report at such time;

(e) procure that the results of latest Valuation Report or New Valuation Report (as applicable) are reflected in good faith in the following Financial Report(s), adjusted for any investments in and depreciations of the Property, respectively, made by a Group Company since such report was prepared;

(f) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) when a Financial Report is made available, (ii) in connection with the payment of any Restricted Payment or the incurrence of any Subsequent Bond Issue and (iii) at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) calendar days from such request;

(g) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Group;

(h) promptly notify the Agent (and, as regards a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure, the Holders) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice; and

(i) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time).

12.10.2

The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 12.5 (Disposals of assets) and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information

22

12.11 12.11.1
12.11.2 12.12

provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.
Agent Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.
CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time.

13.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT

13.1

The Agent's approval of the disbursements from the Escrow Account of the relevant Net

Proceeds is subject to the following documents having been received by the Agent, in form

and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):

(a) copy of a duly executed and issued unconditional and irrevocable call option notice for the repayment of the Existing Bonds, such repayment to take place in connection with the disbursement from the Escrow Account (however, with due regard to the payment mechanisms of the CSD);

(b) copy of duly executed funds flow statement evidencing that the amounts to be released from the Escrow Account shall be transferred to the Issuer's bank account in SEK registered with the CSD and used towards repayment of the Existing Bonds (excluding any Roll-over Bonds) in full as well as payment of the Exchange Offer Cash Component ("Funds Flow Statement");

(c) duly executed release notice(s) from the agent and security agent under the Existing Bonds confirming that all Existing Bond Security will be released upon the prepayment of the Existing Bonds in full; and

23

(d) copies of duly executed Share Pledge Agreement and a confirmation from the Parent and the Issuer that all measures will be taken in order to perfect the security interests under the Share Pledge Agreement, in accordance with Clause 14.1 (c), as soon as practically possible after repayment of the Existing Bonds.

13.2

When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out above have been fulfilled to the

satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the account bank to

make the transfers set out in the Funds Flow Statement from the Escrow Account.

13.3

The Agent may assume that the documents presented under Clause 13.1 are correct, and the

Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such

documents.

14.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

14.1

The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the

Agent (acting reasonably), showing that the following events have occurred as soon as

possible but no later than at the times set out below (if applicable):

(a) that the Existing Bonds have been repaid in full or rolled-over into Bonds and that the Exchange Offer Cash Component has been paid in full, such evidence to be provided as soon as possible and no later than one (1) Business Day after the transfers set out in the Funds Flow Statement has been made (however, with due regard to the payment mechanisms of the CSD);

(b) that all Existing Bond Security has been released with no remaining obligations of the Parent or the Issuer, such evidence to be provided as soon as possible and no later than three (3) Business Days after the transfers set out in the Funds Flow Statement has been made; and

(c) that the security interest purported to be created under the Share Pledge Agreement has been perfected, such evidence to be provided as soon as possible and no later than five (5) Business Days after the transfers set out in the Funds Flow Statement has been made.

14.2

When the Conditions Subsequent have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting

reasonably), the Agent shall release the pledge over the Escrow Account.

15.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

15.1

The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders)

representing at least fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand

may only be validly made by a person who is a Holder on the second Business Day

following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by

several Holders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction or decision pursuant to

Clause 15.6 or 15.7, on behalf of the Holders, terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but not

only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent

24

determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Business Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if:
(a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is due to technical or administrative error and is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date;
(b) Conditions subsequent: The Issuer has not provided the Agent with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably), showing that each of the actions described under Section "Conditions Subsequent" has been taken or that the events described therein have occurred not later than at the times set out therein;
(c) Other obligations: The Issuer or the Parent does not comply with the Finance Documents in any other way than as set out under paragraph (a) above, provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within twenty (20) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation according to the Agent (acting reasonably) is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(d) Cross- acceleration:
(i) Any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described);
(ii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Group Company is enforced;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to under item (i) and/or (ii) above, individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(e) Insolvency:
(i) Any Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under these Terms and Conditions) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company;
25

(f) Insolvency proceedings: Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii) in relation to the Issuer's Subsidiaries, provided that such Subsidiary represents less than five (5.00) per cent. of the Total Assets (excluding any intra-group transactions), solvent liquidations) in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Group Company;

(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets; or

(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Group Company;

(g) Mergers and demergers:

(i) A decision is made that any Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the decision of the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or

(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;

(h) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Group Company having an aggregate value exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) calendar days;

(i) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or

(j) Continuation of the business: A Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger not prohibited by Clause 15.1 (g) (Mergers and demergers) or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 12.5 (Disposals of assets), provided it has a Material Adverse Effect.

15.2

The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance

with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or

permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not

26

prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 15.1 (e) (Insolvency).

15.3

If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the

period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

15.4

The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type

specified in Clause 15.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the

Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,

provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under

no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in

Clause 15.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with

details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 15.1 and provide the Agent with all

documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 15.

15.5

The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 15.4 if informing the

Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq

Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist

pursuant to the listing contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as

applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from

Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other

reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in

order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 15.4.

15.6

If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a

default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 15.1, the Agent shall (i)

notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders

of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or

determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to

terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that

there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the

provisions in Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination

and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds

terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has

ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in

such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has

ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an

occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.

15.7

If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have

made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders),

the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to

take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the

instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss

27

15.8 15.9 15.10 16. 16.1
16.2

or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 15, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to one hundred and two point five zero nine (102.509) per cent. of the Nominal Amount, or if the Bonds are accelerated on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Price.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination of the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the termination of the Bonds and the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any nonreimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any nonreimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 16.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16.1.

28

16.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of

the Bonds constitute escrow funds according to the Escrow Funds Act and must be held on a

separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties.

The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as

soon as reasonably practicable.

16.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the

payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due

but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.

17.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

17.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way

of a Written Procedure.

17.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00)

per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a

Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the

request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them

jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be

directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure,

as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for

decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt

with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a

Holders' Meeting.

17.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the

Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii)

the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

17.4

Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalf of a Holder) from a Person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

29

17.5

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing, in respect of item (a)

and (b) below at least two thirds (2/3), and in respect of items (c) ­ (f) below at least three

quarters (3/4), of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders'

Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the

instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3:

(a) waive a breach of an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings);

(b) amend a provision in these Terms and Conditions or the Share Pledge Agreement, subject to paragraph (f) below;

(c) release the Transaction Security in whole or in part;

(d) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;

(e) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking; or

(f) amend the provisions in this Clause 17.5.

17.6

Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing

more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are

voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3. This includes, but is not

limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the Finance Documents that does not require a

higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1 (a),

(b) or (c)) a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security in part

or in full.

17.7

If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the

Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure,

will prevail. The chairman at a Holders' Meeting shall be appointed by the Holders in

accordance with Clause 17.6.

17.8

Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder

(or Holders) representing at least twenty (20.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:

(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.

17.9

If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the

Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with

Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the

case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s)

who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8

shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.

30

17.10 17.11 17.12
17.13 17.14 17.15
17.16
18. 18.1 18.2

Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Holders' Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders
31

pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1.

18.3

The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the

meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders)

and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may

be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be

required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the

notice.

18.4

The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than

twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.

18.5

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting

within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may

convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall

upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the

register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed

by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.

18.6

At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and

the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants.

Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and

the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide

that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders'

Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy

or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

18.7

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent

may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote

without attending the meeting in person.

19.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

19.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after

receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary

for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person

who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the

communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the

Agent shall send a copy of the communication to the Issuer.

19.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 19.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

19.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the

Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business

32

Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 19.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

19.4

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written

Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting

Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the

Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information

from the register kept by the CSD.

19.5

When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to

Clauses 17.5 and 17.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall

be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.5 or 17.6, as the case may be, even if the

time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

20.

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

20.1

The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance

Documents or waive any provision in the Finance Documents, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;

(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or

(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).

20.2

The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any

amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the

substance of the amendment or waiver.

20.3

The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in

accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will

be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are available on the

websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the

33

20.4 21. 21.1 21.1.1
21.1.2
21.1.3 21.1.4 21.1.5 21.2 21.2.1 21.2.2

Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent Agreement, and the Agent's obligations as agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses
34

21.2.3 21.2.4 21.2.5 21.2.6 21.2.7
21.2.8 21.2.9 21.2.10

incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds).
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
35

21.2.11 21.3 21.3.1 21.3.2
21.3.3
21.3.4 21.3.5 21.4 21.4.1 21.4.2 21.4.3

The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.10.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of
36

21.4.4
21.4.5 21.4.6 21.4.7
21.4.8
22. 22.1 22.2
23. 23.1

Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.

37

23.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the

Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as

the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a

negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of

Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market). The replacing CSD must be authorised

to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act

(Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden).

24.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

24.1

A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or

recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate,

support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer

under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.

24.2

Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance

with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is

unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in

accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such

failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by

the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance

Documents or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.10, such failure must continue for at

least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.11 before a Holder may

take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.

24.3

The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to

claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase

due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure (put option)) or other payments which

are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.

25.

TIME-BAR

25.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and

become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive

payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become

void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any

funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has

been time-barred and has become void.

25.2

If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations

(Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to

the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with

respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will

commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as

such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.

38

26. 26.1 26.1.1
26.1.2
26.1.3 26.2 26.2.1 26.2.2

NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 26.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3­ 11.4, 12.10.1 (h), 15.6, 16.4, 17.16, 18.1, 19.1, 20.3, 21.2.11 and 21.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 26.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

39

27.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

27.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out

of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout,

boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The

reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent

or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

27.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care.

The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross

negligence and wilful misconduct.

27.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from

taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be

postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

27.4

The provisions in this Clause 27 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the

Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

28.

LISTING

The Issuer intends to list the Bonds within thirty (30) calendar days, and has undertaken to list the Bonds within twelve (12) months, after the Issue Date on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) in accordance with Clause 12.2 (Listing of the Bonds). Further, if the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm within sixty (60) calendar days after the Issue Date, each Holder has a right of repayment (put option) of its Bonds in accordance with Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure (put option)).

29.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

29.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

29.2

Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 29.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

29.3

The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the

Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court

which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

40

