Diamorph AB (publ)
Prospectus regarding listing of Maximum SEK 425,000,000 12% Bonds 2012/2017

1
Important information
This prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared by Diamorph AB (publ) (the "Company") in relation to the application for listing of the Company's maximum SEK 425,000,000 12% Bonds 2012/2017 (the "Bonds") at the corporate bond list on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm ("Nasdaq OMX Stockholm"). References to the Company, Diamorph or the Group refer in this Prospectus to Diamorph AB (publ) and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated by the context. Pareto Öhman AB has acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of the Bonds.
The Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) and Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. The Prospectus has been approved by and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with the provisions in Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. It should be noted that such approval and such registration does not constitute any guarantee from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority that the information in the Prospectus is accurate or complete.
This Prospectus is not an offer for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Bonds in any jurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose of listing the Bonds at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
This Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal requires additional prospectus, registration or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or persons who acquire the Bonds are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
The Prospectus will be available at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's web site (www.fi.se) and the Company's web site (www.diamorph.com).
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, no information contained in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by auditors. Certain financial information in this Prospectus has been rounded off and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in this Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. Unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, "USD" refers to United States dollars and "SEK" refers to Swedish kronor.
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements and assumptions regarding future market conditions, operations and results. Such forward-looking statements and information are based on the beliefs of the Company's management or are assumptions based on information available to the Group. The words "consider", "intends", "deems", "expects", "anticipates", "plans" and similar expressions indicate some of these forwardlooking statements. Other such statements may be identified from the context. Any forward-looking statements in this Prospectus involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of the Group to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Further, such forwardlooking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Group will operate in the future. Although the Company believes that the forecasts of, or indications of, future results, performances and achievements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, they involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the forward-looking statements and from past results, performances or achievements. Further, actual events and financial outcomes may differ significantly from what is described in such statements as a result of the materialisation of risks and other factors affecting the Group's operations. Such factors of a significant nature are mentioned in the Section "Risk Factors".
The Prospectus shall be read together with all documents which have been incorporated by reference (see Section "Documents incorporated by reference" below) and possible supplements to the Prospectus.
The Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. Disputes concerning, or related to, the contents of this Prospectus shall be the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden. The district court of Stockholm (Sw: Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance.

2
Table of contents
Innehållsförteckning
Table of contents ....................................................................................................2 Risk factors .............................................................................................................. 3 Responsibility for the information in the Prospectus .......................................12 The Bonds in brief ................................................................................................13 The Company and its operations .......................................................................16 Trends etc..............................................................................................................21 Board of directors, senior management and auditors.....................................22 Financial overview ................................................................................................24 Documents incorporated by reference ..............................................................25 Documents available for inspection...................................................................26 Terms and Conditions for the Bonds.................................................................27 Addresses .............................................................................................................. 64

3
Risk factors
All investments in bonds involve a degree of risk. The financial performance of the Company and the risks associated with its business are important when making a decision on whether to invest in the Bonds. A number of risk factors and uncertainties may adversely affect the Company. These risk factors include financial risks, technical risks, risks related to the business operations of the Company, environmental and regulatory risks. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, the business, operating results and financial condition of the Company could be materially and adversely affected which ultimately could affect the Company's ability to make interest payments and payments of principal under the Terms and Conditions. In this Section, a number of risk factors are illustrated, both general risks pertaining to the Company's business operations and material risks relating to the Bonds as financial instruments. The risks presented in this Prospectus are not exhaustive, and other risks not discussed herein may also adversely affect the Company. Further, the risk factors are not ranked in order of importance.
Prospective investors should consider carefully the information contained in this Prospectus and make an independent evaluation before making an investment decision. A potential investor must, alone or together with its financial and/or other advisors, consider the general business prospects, other information in this Prospectus and general information about the applicable market and companies active on that market, based on their personal circumstances before making an investment. An investor should possess sufficient knowledge to assess the risk factors and sufficient financial strength to bear those risks.
MARKET RISKS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS Impact on the economy The Group operates in a number of different countries and its operations are therefore dependent on global economic developments as well as conditions that are unique to certain countries and/or regions. As in virtually all businesses, general market conditions affect the inclination and the capability of existing and potential customers to invest in advanced materials. Weak global or regional economic trends may result in the Group growing and developing at a lower rate than expected and this could have a negative effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Raw material price The prices of raw materials essential to the Group's production are linked to the availability of those raw materials. Therefore, Diamorph is exposed to risks when relevant underlying raw material prices change, which could have a negative effect on Diamorph's business financial position and results.
Production trend The Company is in a stage of development where several of its products are in a research and development phase. Therefore, the Company's future growth depends on its ability to render these products successful as well as on its ability to improve existing products, in order to meet customer requirements and to avoid losing market share to competitors. Future growth is also dependent on the Company's ability to develop new products within existing and new market segments. Research and development efforts of new products are costly and always entail a risk of

4
unsuccessful commercialisation, which could have a negative effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Production The Group's production activities are mainly conducted in a production facility in the Czech Republic and consist of chain processes where an interruption or a disturbance - such as a breakdown, a labour dispute or a natural disaster ­ at any stage may have a major impact on the Group's ability to fulfil its obligations to its customers. Any such interruptions or disturbances may therefore adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
In order for the Group to produce its products on a larger scale, the intention is to complement the existing Czech Republic production line with a new production line. A delay or other disturbance to the creation of this structure may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Customers, suppliers and partners The Group's customer, supplier and partner relations constitute an operational risk. Diamorph's business activities are conducted in several different countries with customers in multiple customer sectors, including industrial enterprises and aircraft manufacturers. A weak development in any of these customer sectors could lead to a reduced demand for the Company's products, which could have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
The Group's products consist of materials from several different suppliers. To be in a position to manufacture, sell and deliver products, the Group is dependent upon deliveries from third parties in accordance with agreements relating to, inter alia, quantity, quality and delivery time. Erroneous or default deliveries by suppliers may in turn cause delay or default in the Group's deliveries to its customers, which could have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
The Company has entered into, and may in the future enter into, strategic co-operation agreements regarding, inter alia, the development and commercialisation of Diamorph's products. The Company and its partners may from time to time have different opinions on how a co-operation shall be managed or how rights and duties should be allocated. A disagreement or dispute including one or several partners may have a negative effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Acquisitions and integration An essential part of the Company's strategy is to work actively with acquisitions of companies and businesses and to integrate such acquired companies and business into the Group. The Company may have significant acquisition, administration and restructuring costs with regard to both historical and future acquisitions. Post-acquisition, if the Company does not manage to successfully integrate acquired companies and businesses, these companies and businesses do not perform as expected or expected synergies are not obtained, this may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Risks relating to the Acquisition As set forth in the Section "The Company and its operations", the Company has on 12 June 2012 entered into a share purchase agreement (the "SPA") to acquire all of the shares in Modular Stock

5
Limited ("TENMAT") (the "Acquisition"). The Acquisition includes a number of risks, including those set forth below.
Transaction risks Although the SPA contains warranties regarding TENMAT, the warranties do not cover all possible acquisition risks and compensation for warranty breach is limited in time and amount. In case of a warranty breach, the Company has to prove that a warranty breach exists and that the Company has suffered a loss because of such a breach. The current owners of TENMAT (the "Sellers") have prior to entering into the SPA disclosed information against the warranties.
To the extent information was disclosed about a matter the Company cannot claim compensation for a breach of warranty arising in relation thereto. There is therefore a risk that the Company will not be compensated in full if a risk relating to TENMAT materialises. In addition, certain risks (especially with respect to environmental and pension issues) are not, or only to a limited extent, covered by warranties.
Completion of the Acquisition is conditional upon certain so called "conditions precedent", which must be fulfilled (or waived) before completion can occur. If one or more of these conditions precedent is not fulfilled in due time, completion of the Acquisition may be prevented. All of the above could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
TENMAT is also subject to all the risks inherent with an international manufacturing company, and especially to the risks further described below.
Synergies Diamorph expects that the Acquisition will generate specific synergies, e.g. in relation to customer base, distribution network, research and development and product offerings. If such expected synergies are not obtained, this may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Legal proceedings TENMAT is from time to time involved as claimant or defendant in formal or informal proceedings with third parties, such as customers, suppliers and other business partners. Most claims do not lead to formal legal proceedings but TENMAT is currently engaged in litigation with one of its suppliers and there is no assurance that other discussions with third parties will not lead to litigation in the future. Litigation can be costly and there can be no guarantee of a successful outcome in current or any future litigation. Diamorph will (once it becomes the owner of TENMAT) bear the risks and costs from current or future litigation in relation to TENMAT. This could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Commercial agreements TENMAT has entered into a large number of agreements with customers, suppliers, distributors and other third parties. The counterparties to such agreements are domiciled in a number of different countries and the agreements are governed by the laws of various jurisdictions. Although a formal agreement has been entered into, there is a risk that TENMAT will not be able to enforce all of its rights under these agreements. If TENMAT is unable to enforce its rights under the agreements, this could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.

6
Pension matters TENMAT has a defined benefit retirement plan. A characteristic of defined benefit retirement plans is that they specify the amount of the retirement benefit that the employee obtains after retirement. A defined benefit retirement plan is financed by contributions assessed by an actuary to be sufficient to fund the expected pension payments. The last full actuarial valuation (as at 3 August 2010) disclosed an on-going deficit which was corrected by an one-off payment made by TENMAT. However, according to the last funding update (as at 31 March 2012), an on-going deficit has recurred.
Although this deficit will be corrected prior to completion of the Acquisition, a deficit could arise again in the future which would need to be funded by TENMAT at a time when it is owned by Diamorph (as the new owner). This could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Environmental matters TENMAT's production facility in Manchester is situated on the Trafford Park industrial estate, which is an industrial estate east of Manchester City Centre and also one of the oldest and largest industrial areas in the United Kingdom. The property itself and the surrounding area has been heavily industrialised for over a century. Given the past use of the site, there is a risk of localised soil and groundwater contamination across the whole of the site and the surrounding area. There is also a risk of a wide range of contaminants including metals, asbestos, phenols, hydrocarbons and solvents. TENMAT may therefore have to carry out and/or pay for the decontamination of any such contaminants, which may cost significant amounts and adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Human resources and bonuses A successful integration of TENMAT with Diamorph is dependant in part on whether TENMAT's senior executives and other key employees will stay with TENMAT after completion of the acquisition. The same applies to TENMAT's future development. If Diamorph or TENMAT fails to retain these individuals within the Group, it could have an adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
There is a risk that TENMAT has not always been and is not fully compliant with applicable employment laws and regulations in the countries in which it operates. If this risk materialises, it could result in legal claims being brought against TENMAT. The outcome of such proceedings could adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results. TENMAT operates discretionary and non-contractual rewards and bonus programmes for certain employees and has previously operated a share option based incentive programme. Various risks are associated with such bonus and incentive programmes. For example, if a discretionary and non-contractual bonus is consistently applied over a long period of time, there is a risk that it becomes contractual through custom and practice. Further, various tax and valuation risks are associated with sharebased incentive programmes. If TENMAT has breached or in the future breaches any contractual obligation or applicable law (tax or other), this could have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.

7
Intellectual property rights Where TENMAT seeks to protect its technological innovations it does so to safeguard the returns on the resources that TENMAT assigns to research and development and to try to prevent third parties or competitors from using its technology. When protecting the technological innovations and other intellectual property rights, TENMAT relies to a large extent on confidential information and know-how rather than patents and registrations. However, there is a risk that these measures will prove insufficient and that TENMAT will not be able to protect its intellectual property rights.
Furthermore, there is a risk that new technologies and products are developed which circumvent or replace TENMAT's intellectual property rights. As with most companies of this type, there is an inherent risk for infringement on the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement disputes can be costly, intrusive and time consuming and could adversely affect TENMAT's business. Further, if TENMAT's intellectual property rights are found to be insufficiently protected this could have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
LEGAL RISKS Legislation and regulation risks Since the Group's business activities are conducted in several different countries and cover a number of different customer sectors, the Group is exposed to a variety of different laws, regulations (including anti-trust), rules, agreements and guidelines, (including environmental and health and safety). Any changes thereof may have a significant adverse effect on Diamorph's business activities.
Warranties The Company's operations include product development, manufacturing, marketing and sales. Since the Company manufactures products with advanced features such as extreme hardness and toughness and good thermal properties, matters of quality are particularly important. A defect in any part of the production process could lead to quality issues or involve other risks with regard to, inter alia, product safety. Unforeseen issues of product quality may harm the Company's reputation and brand, result in costs in relation to warranty claims and have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Insurance The Group keeps the business insured through different insurance policies such as property and professional liability insurances. The Company is of the opinion that the Group's insurance protection is sufficient to cover risks normally associated with its business operations. However, the Company cannot guarantee that the Group's current insurance protection can be maintained with acceptable terms or at all or that future demands will be fully covered by the Group's insurance protection, which may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Intellectual property rights The Company seeks to protect the Group's innovations to safeguard the returns on the resources that Diamorph assigns to research and development. Patents are therefore an essential part of the Group's property rights and the Group therefore continuously submits patent applications whenever the Company considers appropriate. Thus, patent infringement is a risk to which the

8
Group is exposed. There is no guarantee that the Group will be able to protect its patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights or that submitted applications for registration will be granted.
Further, the sectors that the Group operates in are subject to rapid technical developments. Accordingly, there is a risk that new innovations and products are developed by competitors or others which circumvent or replace the Group's intellectual property rights. In addition, the Company is partly dependent on know-how that cannot be protected by intellectual property law. It is possible that competitors will develop similar know-how or that the Company is not able to protect its know-how in a desired manner. The Company believes that the Group does not currently infringe third party intellectual property rights. However, as with most companies of this nature, the Company cannot guarantee that the Group cannot be considered to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement disputes can, like disputes in general, be costly and time consuming and may therefore adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Environment, safety and health The Company believes that its business is operated in accordance with applicable laws and rules regarding the environment and health and safety. The Group's business is, to some extent, subject to national environmental permits. The Group's ownership and operation of industrial premises imposes risks, such as the risk of being obliged to examine and decontaminate such premises in the event of pollution. Changes of law and stricter government regulation of environmental and health and safety matters or a development towards a stricter application of laws and rules by public authorities may require additional investments and lead to increased costs and commitments upon those operations subject to such laws and rules. Liability as a result of personal injury, property damage or environmental damage may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Permits and certificates The Group's production and exports, to some extent, depend on the granting of permits by the relevant public authorities. Diamorph believes that it holds all such relevant permits. However, there is no guarantee that the Group in the future will maintain and/or be granted the required permits, which may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Tax The Group operates in several countries. The business, including transactions between group companies, operates in accordance with the Company's interpretation of applicable tax law, treaties and regulations in the relevant countries as well in accordance with the requirements of the relevant tax authorities. The Company's interpretation of such rules and regulations may be challenged by relevant tax authorities and tax rules may be subject to changes, which could affect the Group's tax position and have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results. The same risks would apply if the Group were to amend or change its business.

9
FINANCIAL RISKS Liquidity and financing risks The terms and conditions of the Bonds (the "Terms and Conditions") contain certain restrictions on the Company to incur additional debt and the Company, as long as such bond loan is outstanding, has limited scope to satisfy its future capital needs by incurring additional indebtedness. The bond loan also contains certain other commitments and restrictions. In the event that the Company cannot fulfil such commitments and restrictions or commitments and restrictions under other financing arrangements, the relevant creditors may have a right to demand early repayment, demand that the terms and conditions of such loan or financing arrangements shall be amended or that any pledged assets shall be realised, which may adversely affect Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
The bond loan is due to mature during 2017. Since the bond loan constitutes the Group's principal financing source, a refinancing need will occur when the bond loan is to be repaid by Diamorph. The Company's ability to successfully satisfy such refinancing need is dependent on the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial condition at such time. Even if the conditions of the capital markets and the Company's financial condition are good at such time, there is no guarantee that such refinancing, or other future refinancing, can be completed on reasonable terms (or at all) or that the Company's assets will be sufficient to repay the amounts due, which may have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Currency risks The Company is exposed to currency risks. The Company's accounting currency is SEK, but sales are in, inter alia, EUR. Further, the Group has operations in the Czech Republic. Unfavourable currency exchange rate fluctuations may therefore have an adverse effect on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Interest risks The Group has borrowings in EUR with flexible interest, as a result of which the group is exposed to risks relating to, inter alia, cash flow. The Company has therefore entered into an interest rate swap agreement in order to minimise the Group's cash flow risks. If said action proves to be insufficient to minimise the Group's cash flow risks, Diamorph's business, financial position and results may be adversely affected.
Customer credit risks The Group applies market standard payment terms to its customers. If a customer cannot pay a debt on time or at all that the Group has invoiced or intends to invoice it may have a negative impact on Diamorph's business, financial position and results.
Goodwill A substantial share of the Company's intangible fixed assets consists of goodwill. Goodwill is tested at least annually to identify any necessary impairment requirements. In the event that future impairment tests in respect of decreases in the value of goodwill should lead to impairment, this may have a negative impact on Diamorph's financial position and earnings.

10
RISKS RELATING TO THE BONDS Credit risks Investors in the Bonds carry a credit risk relating to the Company. The investor's ability to receive payment under the Terms and Conditions is therefore dependent on the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Company's (including TENMAT's) operations and its financial position. The Company's financial position is affected by several factors of which a number have been discussed above.
An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the Bonds a higher risk premium, which would negatively affect the Bonds' value. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorating financial position of the Company may reduce the Company's possibility to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Bonds.
Interest rate risks The Bonds' value depends on several factors, one of the most significant being the level of market interest. Investments in the Bonds involve a risk that the market value of the Bonds may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates.
Liquidity risks The Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm. However, the Company cannot guarantee that the Bonds will be admitted to trading. Further, even if securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, active trading in the securities does not always occur and hence there are no guarantees that a liquid market for trading in the Bonds will occur or be maintained even if the Bonds are listed. The result may be that the holders cannot sell their Bonds when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments with an active and functioning secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds. Furthermore, the nominal value of the Bonds may not be indicative compared to the market price of the Bonds if the Bonds are admitted for trading on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
It should also be noted that during a given time period it may be difficult or impossible to sell the Bonds (at all or on reasonable terms) due to, for example, severe price fluctuations, close down of the relevant market or trade restrictions imposed on the market.
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in Euroclear's book-entry system The Bonds are affiliated to Euroclear's account-based system, and no physical notes have been, or will be, issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Bonds is carried out within Euroclear's book-entry system as well as payment of interest and repayment of principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system for timely and accurate payment.
Risks relating to early redemption Under the Terms and Conditions, the Company has reserved the ability to redeem all outstanding Bonds before the final redemption date. If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the holders have the right to receive an early redemption amount which exceeds the nominal amount. However, there is a risk that the market value of the Bonds is higher than the early redemption amount.

11
Preferential rights Except for the current acquisition term loan facility between the Company's subsidiary Contineo a.s. and UniCredit Bank Czech Republic A.S. and certain hedging and other currency arrangements, the Group has no material undertakings with regard to loans or facilities from banks or other credit institutions. Subject to the restrictions in the Terms and Conditions, the Group may however in the future decide to take up loans from such institutions and provide security in relation thereto. Such loans may therefore, together with the existing facility and credit arrangements that are secured, constitute a priority claim on the companies of the Group.
Each investor should be aware that there is a risk that an investor in the Bonds could lose all or part of their investment if the Company becomes bankrupt, carries out a re-organization or is wound-up.
Bondholders' meetings The Terms and Conditions include certain conditions regarding bondholders' meetings. Such meetings may be held in order to resolve on matters relating to the bondholders' interests. The Terms and Conditions allow for stated majorities to bind all bondholders, including bondholders who have not taken part in the meeting and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and conducted bondholders' meeting.
Amended or new legislation This Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions are based on Swedish law in force at the Issue Date. No assurance can be given on the impact of any possible future legislative measures or changes or modifications to administrative practices.

12
Responsibility for the information in the Prospectus
The Company issued the bond loan referred to in this Prospectus on 6 July 2012. The Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm and in accordance with the Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and the rules and regulations in Chapter 2 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act.
The Company is responsible for the information given in this Prospectus. The Company confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import. Any information in this Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference which derive from third parties has, as far as the Company is aware and can be judged on basis of other information made public by that third party, been correctly represented and no information has been omitted which may serve to render the information misleading or incorrect. The board of directors is responsible for the information given in this Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The board of directors confirms that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information in this Prospectus is, to the best of the board of directors' knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omissions likely to affect its import.
26 July 2012
DIAMORPH AB (PUBL)
The Board of Directors

13
The Bonds in brief
This Section contains a general and broad description of the Bonds. It does not claim to be comprehensive or cover all details of the Bonds. Potential investors should therefore carefully consider this Prospectus as a whole, including documents incorporated by reference, before a decision is made to invest in the Bonds. The full terms and conditions for the Bonds can be found in the Section "Terms and Conditions for the Bonds".
Concepts and terms defined in the Section "Terms and Conditions for the Bonds" are used with the same meaning in this summary unless otherwise is explicitly understood from the context. The issue of the Bonds was resolved by the Company's board of directors on 29 June 2012. The issue date for the Bonds was 6 July 2012 and the Bonds will mature on 6 July 2017 (the Final Redemption Date).
The Bonds are debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), intended for public market trading, which confirm that the Holders have a claim on the Company. The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Company. The Net Proceeds of the bond issue shall be used by the Company to grant an intercompany loan to its subsidiary Diamorph UK Limited. The Company shall procure that the money borrowed by Diamorph UK Limited under the intercompany loan is applied towards acquiring the shares in TENMAT under the SPA.
The bond loan amounts to a maximum of SEK 425,000,000 and is represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof. The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0004636512. The Bonds have been issued in accordance with Swedish law and are connected to the account-based system of Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear"). Holdings of Bonds are registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account and no physical notes have been or will be issued. Payment of principal, interest and, if applicable, withholding of preliminary tax will be made through Euroclear's book-entry system.
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest on the Final Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed, pre-paid or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with Section 9 (Early redemption by request of the Company), Section 12 (The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds), Section 15 (Change of Control) or Section 16 (Acceleration of the Bonds) of the Terms and Conditions. Payment in respect of principal and interest shall be made to the person who is a Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date. The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount is time-barred and becomes void ten years from the relevant Redemption Date.
The Bonds bear interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the relevant Redemption Date at an interest rate of 12 percent per annum. The interest is paid semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated on a 30/360-days basis. The Interest Payment Dates are 6 January and 6 July each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 6 January 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date). The right to receive payment of interest is time-barred and becomes void three years from the relevant due date for payment. The calculation of interest is carried out by Euroclear.
Swedish Trustee AB (publ) is initially acting as Bond Trustee in relation to the Bonds and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents. Even without separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holder's consent (if not required to do so under the Terms and

14
Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds and the other Finance Documents). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such a request of the Bond Trustee.
Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least 10 percent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may at any time request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request in writing a procedure among the Holders, see further Section 18 (Holders' meeting and procedure in writing) of the Terms and Conditions. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to the passing of a majority decision, binding on all Holders.
The Bonds are freely transferable and trading can occur from the Issue Date. Holders may however be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with applicable local laws and regulations at their own cost and expense.
The Bonds have been issued through a so called private placement. No Bonds have been issued, or will be issued, after 6 July 2012 and the bond loan was subscribed in full on the Issue Date.
As a continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Company's obligations under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, the Company and Diamorph UK Limited have entered into or will enter into the pledge agreements set out in Section 4 (Security) of the Terms and Conditions for the benefit of the Holders and the Bond Trustee.
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, the available funds shall be applied firstly towards payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee and any remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee under the Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, secondly towards payment of interest owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions and thirdly towards payment of principal owed by the Company to the Holders under the Terms and Conditions. The surplus, if any, shall promptly be transferred to the Company.
To simplify trading in the Bonds, the Company intends to apply for listing of the Bonds on the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm in connection with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's approval of this Prospectus. The total number of Bonds being admitted to trading if the application is approved by Nasdaq OMX Stockholm is 425. The fact that an application regarding listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm has been submitted to Nasdaq OMX Stockholm does not mean that the application will be approved. The Terms and Conditions include an undertaking for the Company to list the Bonds on the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm not later than one year after the Issue Date and to take all measures

15
required to ensure that the Bond, if listed on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm, continues to be listed on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding. The expenses of the admission of trading of the Bonds are estimated to amount to SEK 38,000 in relation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, SEK 60,000 in relation to Nasdaq OMX Stockholm and fees to advisors. Pareto Öhman has acted as issuing agent and financial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of Bonds and they have agreed with the Company to receive remuneration for their assistance.

16
The Company and its operations
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT The Company's name is Diamorph AB (publ) and its corporate registration number is 5566475371. The Company was formed on 9 July 2003 and was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 5 August 2003. The Company is a public limited liability company with its registered office in Stockholm, Sweden, and its legal form is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
Diamorph was founded in 2003 after a discovery by Dr Saeid Esmaeilzadeh, then a researcher at Stockholm University. The discovery related to a group of ceramic materials with unique chemical properties that had a refractive index close to that of diamond. This led to further research which aimed to replicate these unique chemical properties in other types of materials. With a view to commercialising this discovery, the Company built up a knowledge base on ceramics, metals and unique combinations of the two. At the same time, Diamorph developed deep expertise in a novel and advanced sintering technology which was first introduced to Europe by Stockholm University.
The Company made its first patent application in 2004 and has since been developing its discovery in co-operation with industrial partners for particular applications. During 2006, Diamorph broadened its product portfolio and the Company began to focus on ceramics. In 2007, the Company was granted support from the Swedish state energy agency (Sw. Energimyndigheten), which was applied towards a pilot production plant. During that year, Diamorph started developing knee implants with Karolinska University Hospital.
The Company completed construction of its production facilities in Stockholm in 2008. Production was adapted for product development and subsequently increased. In 2009, one of its development projects relating to medical implants was spun off as a new company, Episurf Medical AB, the shares of which were distributed to Diamorph's shareholders. Episurf Medical AB was listed on NASDAQ OMX First North in August 2011.
In 2011, the Company acquired a majority interest in a Czech manufacturing company, HOB CerTec.
In June 2012, the Company entered into the SPA regarding the acquisition of TENMAT.
The object of the Company's business, which is set forth in paragraph 3 of its articles of association, is to research, develop and commercialise glass and ceramic based material and to conduct activities compatible therewith. The current articles of association were adopted at the annual general meeting held on 16 June 2011.
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS According to the articles of association, the Company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 530,000 and not more than SEK 2,120,000 divided into no less than 25,000,000 shares and not more than 100,000,000 shares. The Company's current share capital is SEK 558,008.7441, divided into 26,672,203 shares, with one vote per share and each share having equal rights on distribution of income and capital. The shares are denominated in SEK.

17

On 11 June 2012, the Board resolved on a new issue of no more than 17,781,468 shares with preferential rights for the Company's shareholders through which the Company's share capital may be increased with no more than SEK 372,005.815 (amount rounded off).
On 28 June 2012, the Board resolved on a new issue of no more than 5,143,564 shares with payment in kind, in which the Sellers will have the right to subscribe for shares in the Company. Through such issue of new shares, the Company's share capital may be increased with no more than SEK 107,608.422 (amount rounded off). The subscription of shares and payment in kind are expected to occur in connection with the completion of the acquisition of TENMAT (see further below).
The shareholders of the Company as at 8 June 2012 are set out in the schedule below.

Name

Number of shares

Ownership (%)

Serendipity Ixora Fund AB

7,170,800

26.9

Olof Hallrup

3,540,000

13.3

Verdis HF

3,008,000

11.3

Tindaf AB

1,770,000

6.6

Mikael Lönn

1,445,000

5.4

Other shareholders

9,737,403

36.5

Total

26,672,203

100.0

BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS Diamorph is an advanced materials company based in Sweden, which has historically been focussed on research and development. The Company's aim is to develop, manufacture and market advanced material components, which will contribute to improving productivity and profitability of customers. Diamorph's vision is to be a leading global supplier of advanced materials to industry.
Diamorph specialises in the development and production of advanced ceramic and metallic materials possessing special combinations of exceptional properties for industries relating to bearings, defence, mining, forestry and energy. The Company's expertise lies in innovation and tailoring materials for unique application needs in extreme conditions. It has a patent portfolio of 26 patents and patent applications. New materials, methods and applications are patented on a continuous basis whenever the Company considers appropriate. The patent portfolio comprises patents and patent applications as follows:
· Eight relating to hybrid bearing components
· Two relating to wear-resistant components
· Five relating to functionally graded materials
· One relating to nuclear fuels

18
· Ten relating to nitrogen-rich glass, super-plastic deformat
Diamorph's technology is based upon sintering, creating ceramics and composites from powders. The Company's approach is to be a solutions provider. It works closely with industrial partners to develop and produce advanced materials and components. Thus, Diamorph has a continuously expanding product portfolio. To date, its diverse product portfolio consists of:
· Rollers for tile production kilns and flat screen monitors
· Aerospace components for civil and military flying platforms
· Hybrid bearing components for wind turbines, high speed trains and power generators
· Wear-resistant components for wear protection used in heavy equipment
· Ballistic plates for personal, vehicle, naval and aircraft protection
· Next generation nuclear fuel for Gen-IV nuclear reactors
The main product which has a significant revenue stream is ceramic rollers. Other products are currently in developmental phase with industrial partners, or are available on the market in limited quantities. Near-term, Diamorph's intention is to scale up production of products already on the market. Currently, the Company's customers include large industrial companies in Europe. The Company sells to customers based in 30 different countries, and is therefore not dependent upon any single customer for its revenues for any of its products with the exception of its aeronautic components. Diamorph custom develops and manufactures each of its aeronautic components for Saab Group according to specific requirements.
The Company is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, with R&D facilities nearby. These facilities are also capable of pilot production. Its large-scale 3,500 square meters production facility is based in the region of Plzen in the Czech Republic. The Group currently consists of approximately 50 employees, of which seven are located in Sweden and the remainder in the Czech Republic. In addition, the Company has consultancy agreements with leading researchers to ensure that the Company's products meet high technical standards. The Company also have a number of collaborations with experts in different fields, partly through its own advisory board. Furthermore, Diamorph works closely with various industrial partners in order to develop its materials.
In order to fulfil its vision of being a leading supplier of advanced materials, the Company is pursuing a selective acquisition strategy to expand its capacity to produce and market its products. In December 2011, it acquired a manufacturing company, HOB CerTec and on 12 June 2012 it entered into the SPA regarding the acquisition of TENMAT (see further below).
OVERVIEW OF GROUP STRUCTURE Diamorph has three directly-owned subsidiaries. The Company has a 100 per cent holding in each of Diamorph UK Limited and Diamorph Ceramics AB and a 64.72 percent holding in Diamorph Bearings AB ("Diamorph Bearings"), the remainder being owned by the Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o. management, Fredrik Svedberg (the managing director of Diamorph) and a Chinese investment consortium (the "Investors"). Diamorph Bearings is the parent company of Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o., which was formed through a merger of the Czech companies HOB CerTec and Contineo a.s. Contineo a.s. was formed in connection with the acquisition of HOB CerTec.

19

Diamorph Bearings is also the parent company of the Swiss company KHP Marketing GmbH, which in turn owns Aurum Insular GmbH. Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o. is responsible for the manufacture of all Diamorph's products. All patents in the Group are owned by Diamorph AB (publ), which also undertakes all product development. The structure of the Group is set out in the schedule below.
Diamorph AB (publ) (Sweden)

100%
Diamorph Ceramics AB
(Sweden)

64.72%
Diamorph Bearings AB
(Sweden)

100%
Diamorph UK Limited
(United Kingdom)

100%
Diamorph HOB CerTec s.r.o.

100%
KHP Marketing GmbH
(Switzerland)
100%
Aurum Insular GmbH
(Switzerland)

Diamorph, Fredrik Svedberg and the Investors have entered into an investment agreement regarding the Investors' ownership of shares in Diamorph Bearings. The investment agreement contains, among other things, tag along and drag along provisions. Further, Diamorph and Fredrik Svedberg have undertaken to promote a listing of the shares in Diamorph Bearings no later than 31 December 2012. In the event that such listing does not occur and the reason for this lies with Diamorph, Diamorph and Fredrik Svedberg shall transfer 100 shares in Diamorph Bearings to the Investors for a consideration corresponding to the quota value of the shares. In addition, Diamorph has undertaken to transfer 42 shares in Diamorph Bearings to the Investors no later than 31 December 2011. Such transfer has not yet been completed, but is likely to be completed shortly.

ACQUISITION OF TENMAT
On 12 June 2012, Diamorph UK Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the SPA with the Sellers regarding the acquisition of all of the shares in TENMAT. TENMAT is a holding company and a parent company of the TENMAT group.
TENMAT is a manufacturer of specialised and high performance engineering materials and components, with revenues of GBP 30 million (SEK 330 million), EBITDA of approximately GBP 13 million (SEK 143 million) and EBITDA margin of 43.3 percent. It has a diversified product range, which includes wear parts and bearings, high temperature resistant materials, passive fire protection solutions and rotor blades for pumps and compressors. TENMAT is a multinational corporation which is headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom. Approximately 76 percent of its revenue is generated from sales to customers based in countries outside of the United Kingdom. TENMAT works closely with its customers to provide a solution starting from material selection to component delivery. This has resulted in world market leading positions in several niches. TENMAT has sales offices in the UK, USA, France, Germany and Italy and serves,

20
together with vendors and distributors, customers all over the world. With a focus on differentiated niche products, TENMAT is able to charge premium prices resulting in an EBIT margin of 37.4 percent, compared to industry peers' margin of 12 percent, for the financial year 2011. Over the period of 2007 to 2011, TENMAT had a compounded annual growth rate of 14.6 percent in its EBIT.
As of the date of this Prospectus, the legal title to the shares in TENMAT has not yet been transferred to Diamorph UK Limited and the closing of the SPA is, inter alia, conditional upon Diamorph obtaining sufficient capital to pay the purchase price under the SPA. The acquisition of TENMAT is intended to be financed through the issue of the Bonds and the issue of new shares resolved upon on 11 June 2012 (see further above). The consideration for TENMAT is GBP 62 million (SEK 682 million). The consideration comprises (without taking adjustments into account) GBP 51 million (SEK 561 million) payable upon completion, GBP 2.5 million (SEK 27.5 million) deferred to the first anniversary of completion, and GBP 5 million (SEK 55 million) deferred to the second anniversary of completion, GBP 1.75 million (SEK 19 million) deferred to the second anniversary of completion and GBP 1.75 million (SEK 19 million) deferred until 3.5 years following completion. Part of the consideration, GBP 5 million, will be paid in kind with shares in Diamorph which corresponds to 10 percent of the Company. It is currently expected that the legal title to the shares will be transferred to Diamorph UK Limited in the beginning of August 2012.
SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENTS To the Company's knowledge, there are no shareholders' agreements or other agreements between the Company's shareholders that aims at a joint influence over the Company. However, in connection with the completion of the acquisition of TENMAT, Serendipity Ixora Fund AB and the Sellers intend to enter into a shareholders' agreement regarding their ownership of shares in the Company. The shareholders' agreement will contain customary tag-along and drag-along provisions and undertakings to vote for the other party's board representation.
RECENT EVENTS An extraordinary general meeting held on 23 May 2012 elected new members of the board of directors.
On 11 June 2012, the board of directors resolved upon an issue of new shares with preferential rights for the shareholders.
On 12 June 2012, Diamorph UK Limited entered into an agreement to acquire all shares in TENMAT. The acquisition is, among other things, conditional upon financing and is expected to be completed in August 2012.
On 28 June 2012, the board of directors resolved on an issue of new shares with payment in kind.
On 29 June 2012, the annual general meeting resolved to, inter alia, re-elect the members of the board of directors elected at the extraordinary general meeting held on 23 May 2012 and authorise the board of directors, for the period up to the next annual general meeting, on one or several occasions, to resolve on issue of new shares with preferential rights for the shareholders.
On 29 June 2012, the board of directors resolved on the issue of the Bonds.

21
Trends etc.
SIGNIFICANT ADVERSE CHANGES No significant adverse changes relating to the financial or market position of the Company or the Group have occurred since the last published annual report on 31 December 2011.
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS Except for the SPA described above, the Company has not entered into any material agreement not in the ordinary course of its business and which may affect the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds.
LITIGATION The Company is not currently, and has not within the last twelve months been, subject to any material court or administrative proceedings which could have a significant effect on the Company's or the Group's financial position or profitability. Further, the Company is not aware of any legal proceedings or arbitration proceedings that could arise and which could have a significant effect on the Company or the Group's financial position or profitability.
On 24 July 2012, the Company was informed that one of the Investors (the "Plaintiff"), being a shareholder in the Company's partly owned subsidiary Diamorph Bearings, had filed a request for arbitration with the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. According to the request, the Plaintiff is of the opinion that the Company and Mr Svedberg have violated certain terms and conditions of the investment agreement described in the Section "Overview of Group Structure". The Company is convinced that the demands are completely unfounded, which is supported by reviews made by the Company's legal advisers Baker & McKenzie Advokatbyrå KB and Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion that the request for arbitration will not have any significant effect on the Company or the Group's financial position or profitability.

22
Board of directors, senior management and auditors
The board of directors of the Company currently consists of three members. Information on the members of the board of directors and the senior management, including significant assignments outside the Company, is set out below.
All of the board members the senior management can be reached at the following address: Diamorph AB (publ), Roslagstullsbacken 11, 106 91 Stockholm.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Ashkan Pouya, born in 1976 Chairman
Mr Pouya has a degree in business administration from Uppsala University. Ashkan Pouya is an experienced serial entrepreneur who has been involved in the creation and development of several research-based companies. Previously, he was Director of Innovation at Lund University. Prior to that, Mr Pouya had a successful career as an elite athlete.
Mr Pouya is currently a member of the board of several companies: Vascuring AB, Serendipity Invest AB, Serendipity Ixora Fund AB, IRRAS AB, Serendipity Innovations AB, Organoclick AB, Viazol AB, Boxit Robotics AB, Diamorph Bearings AB and Diamorph Ceramics AB. Further, Mr Pouya is currently acting as an alternate board member of Episurf Medical AB, Organowood AB and Rootberg AB.
Mr Pouya holds indirectly 2,897,665 shares in the Company.
Fredrik Svedberg, born in 1981 Board member since 2012 and chief executive officer since July 2010
Mr Svedberg has a master's degree in technical mathematics from the Faculty of Engineering at Lund University. He also holds a degree in strategic management from the School of Economics and Management at Lund University. He joined Diamorph as a business developer and was appointed as chief executive officer of the Company in July 2010.
Mr Svedberg holds no shares in the Company.
Mikael Lönn, born in 1949 Board member since 2012
Dr Lönn is a medical doctor, specialising in urologic surgery. Dr Lönn has a breadth of experience from working in the healthcare sector as a medical entrepreneur. Dr Lönn is the founder and owner of M&M Medical AB and has operated Sabbatsberg local hospital in Stockholm and several other clinics. Dr Lönn works with financial investments. He is engaged in businesses ranging from companies owned by local authority to private companies, including several fund constellations.
Dr Lönn is currently a board member of several companies: SciLife Clinic AB, PRIMA Barn och Ungdomspsykiatri AB, H.F. Oral Care AB, Herbst & Forsell AB, MaBeMi Consulting AB, Mikael Lönn AB, Norrtäljes Gemensamma Hälso, sjukvård- och omsorgsbolag TioHundra AB, Vascuring AB, Parcon Sweden AB and Imix Holding AB.
Dr Lönn holds 1,445,000 shares in the Company.

23
SENIOR MANAGEMENT The chief executive officer, Fredrik Svedberg, is the only member of the Company's senior management. For information about Mr Svedberg, please see above under board of directors.
AUDITOR Ernst & Young AB was re-elected as the Company's auditor at the annual general meeting held on 29 June 2012. Jens Noaksson, born in 1971 and member of FAR, is the auditor-in-charge. Ernst & Young AB and Jens Noaksson can be reached at the address P.O. Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST To the Company's knowledge, none of the members of the board of directors or the senior management of the Company has a private interest that may be in conflict with the interests of the Company. Although the Company is not currently aware of any conflicts of interest, it cannot be excluded that conflicts of interest may arise between companies in which members of the board of directors and members of the senior management have duties, as described above, and the Company.
FINANCIAL INTERESTS Two of the members of the board of directors have a financial interest in the Company through their direct or indirect holding of shares in the Company.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS As of 8 June 2012, the number of shareholders in the Company was 162. The five largest shareholders as of 8 June 2012 controlled about 63 per cent of the shares and the votes in the Company. There are no single shareholders of the Company that have a shareholding which exceeds 30 per cent of the total number of issued shares.

24
Financial overview
The Company's financial year ends on 31 December. Diamorph has decided, as of 1 January 2011, to prepare the financial information in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The financial information for the years 2010 and 2009 has been restated in accordance with IFRS. Note that the results of HOB CerTec have been included in the financial results of Diamorph as of 2 December 2011. The Company's annual reports for the financial years ending on 31 December 2010 and 2011, respectively, which have been audited by Ernst & Young AB (Stockholm branch), have been incorporated in this Prospectus by reference, please see Section "Documents incorporated by reference".

25

Documents incorporated by reference

In this Prospectus the following documents are incorporated by reference. The documents have been handed to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority.

Reference

Document

Financial information regarding the Company Diamorph's consolidated annual report for

and the Company's business, 2010

financial year ended 31 December 2010

Financial information regarding the Company Diamorph's consolidated annual report for

and the Company's business, 2011

financial year ended 31 December 2011

Auditor's report for the financial year ended 31 Diamorph's consolidated annual report for

December 2010

financial year ended 31 December 2010

Auditor's report for the financial year ended 31 Diamorph's consolidated annual report for

December 2011

financial year ended 31 December 2011

Investors should read all information which is incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. The documents can be obtained in paper format at the Company's head office.

26
Documents available for inspection
Copies of the following documents can be obtained from the Company in paper format during the validity period of the Prospectus at the Company's head office.
1. The articles of association of the Company 2. All documents incorporated by reference as part of the Prospectus

27
Terms and Conditions for the Bonds
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIAMORPH AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 425,000,000 12.00% BONDS 2012/2017
ISIN SE0004636512
Issue Date 6 July 2012
The distribution of this document and the private placement of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Company to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIAMORPH AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 425,000,000 12.00% BONDS 2012/2017

1 Definitions

For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply:

"Account Operator"

means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of the Bonds;

"Acquisition Closing Date"

means the date on which all shares in the Acquisition Target have been validly transferred (subject to stamping) to UK SPV under the SPA;

"Acquisition Target"

means Modular Stock Limited, reg. no. 03342312, Ashburton Road West, Trafford Park, Manchester, M17 1RU, United Kingdom;

"Acquisition Target Pledge Agreement"

means the pledge agreement entered into between UK SPV and the Bond Trustee on or about the Acquisition Closing Date regarding a first priority pledge of all the shares in the Acquisition Target;

"Additional Facility"

means any facility or loan under any agreement entered into by any Group Company (except for the Existing Tenmat Facilities and the Existing Diamorph Bearings Facility);

"Advance Purchase Agreements"

means an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than sixty (60) days after the date of supply or other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business;

"Agent Agreement"

means the fee agreement entered into between the Bond Trustee and the Company on or about the Issue Date

D-1148982-v6D-1148982-v4

regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee;

"Agreed Employee Bonuses"

means employee bonuses payable as provided in the SPA of such aggregate sum which (having regard to (i) the PAYE or national insurance contributions payable by any Group Company in relation to such bonuses and (ii) all deductions or other tax reliefs available to any Group Company), result in an aggregate net cost to the Group of paying such bonuses of GBP 2,500,000;

"Available Cash Amount"

means that the Group has cash or cash equivalents (Sw. kassa) corresponding to SEK 50,000,000 available at its disposal;

"Bank"

means Nordea Bank AB (publ), reg. no. 516406-0120, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Banking Day"

means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Stockholm;

"Bond"

means a debt instrument of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which has been issued by the Company pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;

"Bond Trustee"

means the agent and security trustee under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents from time to time; initially Swedish Trustee AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordcentralen, Strandvägen 35, 114 56 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Change of Control Event"

means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being the shareholders as at the Acquisition Closing Date, acting together, acquire control over the Company and where "control" means (i) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares of the Company, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Company;

"Company"

means Diamorph AB (publ), reg. no. 556647-5371, Roslagstullsbacken 11, 106 91 Stockholm, Sweden;

29

"Compliance Certificate"

means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, signed by the Company, and, if relevant, accompanied by a report setting out the calculations relating to the compliance certificate, certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;

"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement"

means the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Section 14.1;

"Conditions Subsequent"

means the conditions subsequent set out in Section 14.2;

"Consideration Share Notes"

means the SEK 55,550,500 Series B Unsecured Loan Notes 2018 issued by UK SPV to the UK Sellers which shall in the event of the exercise of either option granted under the Put and Call Option Agreement, be exchanged for shares in the Company on or about the Acquisition Closing Date;

"Costs"

means the costs payable by the Company to the Issuing Agent in relation to the issuance of the Bonds;

"CSD"

means the Company's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear;

"Debt Service Account"

means the Company's Swedish bank account with account number 4104 13 124 89 held with the Bank which has been pledged under the Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement;

"Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement"

means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge over the Debt Service Account and all funds held on the Debt Service Account from time to time;

"Deferred Payment"

means the GBP 11,000,000 (subject to adjustments as set out in the SPA) Series A Secured Loan Notes 2017 issued by UK SPV to the UK Sellers in part satisfaction of the consideration payable under the SPA;

"Deferred Repayment"

means any repayment, in part or in full, or any other reduction (by way of set-off or otherwise, excluding any set-off permitted under the SPA) of the amount

30

outstanding under the loan notes forming the Deferred Payment;

"Diamorph Bearings"

means Diamorph Bearings AB, reg. no 556667-0989, Roslagstullsbacken 11, 106 91 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Diamorph Bearings Pledge Agreement"

means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge of 887 shares in Diamorph Bearings;

"Early Redemption Date"

means any Banking Day after 6 July 2014, but before the Final Redemption Date;

"Early Redemption Amount"

means 107.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Early Redemption Date occurs during the period 7 July 2014 ­ 6 July 2015, 105.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Early Redemption Date occurs during the period 7 July 2015 ­ 6 July 2016 and 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Early Redemption Date occurs during the period 7 July 2016 ­ 5 July 2017;

"EBITDA"

means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report:

a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;

b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;

c) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;

d) before taking into account any exceptional items in accordance with IFRS (for the avoidance of doubt, the Agreed Employee Bonuses is an exceptional item);

e) before taking into account any unrealized gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);

f) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than

31

"Escrow Account"
"Escrow Account Pledge"
"EUR" "Euroclear" "Event of Default" "Exercise Period" "Existing Diamorph Bearings Facility"

in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests;
h) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
i) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortization or depreciation of assets of members of the Group;
means the Company's bank account with account number 4104 13 124 70 held with the Bank, into which the Net Proceeds shall be transferred after exchange has been made from SEK to GBP, if applicable, and which has been pledged in favour of the Holders under the Escrow Account Pledge;
means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time;
means the lawful currency for the time being in the countries of the so called Eurozone and the currency used by the institutions of the European Union;
means Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden; the initial CSD of the Company;
means the events, circumstances and situations set forth in Section 16.1;
has the meaning set forth in Section 15.2;
means the loan under the EUR 6,500,000 acquisition term loan facilities agreement between Contineo a.s. and UniCredit Bank Czech Republic a.s., dated 3 November 2011 (as amended), and including an additional facility

32

"Existing Tenmat Facilities"
"Existing Tenmat Security" "Final Redemption Date" "Finance Charges"

with a loan amount of up to EUR 500,000 (the "Additional Diamorph Bearings Facility");
means:
a) the spot and forward exchange transaction facility, dated 23 April 2010 (and as amended by a letter of variation dated 26 May 2011), from Barclays Bank plc in favour of Tenmat Limited up to a gross limit of GBP 20,000,000 (with a spot and foreign exchange transaction settlement risk limited to GBP 1,000,000);
b) the bonds, guarantees and/or indemnities facility, dated 23 April 2010 (and as amended by a letter of variation dated 26 May 2011), from Barclays Bank plc in favour of Tenmat Limited of up to GBP 50,000;
c) the bonds, guarantees and/or indemnities facility, dated 29 December 2011, from Barclays Bank plc in favour of Railko Limited of up to GBP 10,000; and
d) the spot and forward exchange transaction facility, dated 21 December 2010 (and as amended by a letter of variation dated 25 May 2011), from Barclays Bank plc in favour of Railko Limited up to a gross limit of GBP 100,000 (with a spot and foreign exchange transaction settlement risk limited to GBP 100,000);
means the unlimited cross-guarantee in favour of Barclays Bank plc, dated 17 February 2010, given by each of the Acquisition Target, Tenmat Limited and Railko Limited;
means 6 July 2017;
means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest (except unwinding of discount on provisions recognised on the consolidated balance sheet of the Group), commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalized by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report (calculated on a consolidated

33

"Finance Documents" "Financial Indebtedness"
"Financial Report" "GBP" "Group" "Holder" "Intercompany Loan"

basis);
means these Terms and Conditions, the Pledge Agreements, the Escrow Account Pledge, the Intercompany Loan and the Intercreditor Agreement;
means any indebtedness in respect of:
a) the principal amount outstanding in respect of any monies borrowed or raised;
b) the principal amount outstanding in respect of any Market Loan including, without limitation, pursuant to the Bonds;
c) any net liability incurred under interest rate management agreements;
d) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items; and
e) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;
means the Group's annual audited financial statements and quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available according to Section 13.1 (q) and 13.1 (r);
means the lawful currency for the time being in the United Kingdom;
means the Company and all its Subsidiaries from time to time and "Group Company" means the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
means a person registered on a Securities Account as holder or otherwise entitled to receive payment in respect of a Bond;
means the intercompany loan entered into between the Company and UK SPV on or about the Issue Date, with a loan amount repayable and interest payments payable corresponding to the loan amount and interest payments

34

under these Terms and Conditions;

"Intercompany Loan Pledge Agreement"

means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge of all the Company's present and future money claims under the Intercompany Loan;

"Intercreditor Agreement"

means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Acquisition Closing Date between (i) the Company, (ii) UK SPV, (iii) the Bond Trustee, and (iv) the UK Sellers;

"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges;

"Interest Payment Date"

means 6 January 2013, 6 July 2013, 6 January 2014, 6 July 2014, 6 January 2015, 6 July 2015, 6 January 2016, 6 July 2016, 6 January 2017 and 6 July 2017 (the first time on 6 January 2013 and the last time on the Final Redemption Date);

"Interest Rate"

means 12.00 per cent. per annum;

"Issue Date"

means 6 July 2012;

"Issuing Agent"

means the Company's issuing agent from time to time; initially Pareto Öhman AB, reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, 103 91 Stockholm, Sweden;

"Management Fees"

means the quarterly management fees payable by the UK SPV Group to the Company amounting to GBP 75,000 per quarter (subject to the conditions set out in the SPA);

"Market Loan"

means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on OMX or any other regulated or unregulated recognized market place;

"Material Adverse Effect"

means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Company's, and UK SPV's, ability to perform and comply with its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents,

35

or (c) the validity or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents;

"Material Group Company"

means (a) the Company, Diamorph Bearings, UK SPV, the Acquisition Target and Tenmat Limited, and (b) any Subsidiary acquired after the Acquisition Closing Date and which represents more than 2.5 per cent. of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report;

"Net Finance Charges"

means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report, after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment;

"Net Interest Bearing Debt"

means the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report (excluding interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company);

"Net Proceeds"

means the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds after deduction has been made for the Costs;

"Nominal Amount"

has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1;

"OMX"

means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB, reg. no. 5563839058, 105 78 Stockholm;

"Permitted Debt"

means any Financial Indebtedness:

a) related to any Group Company's lease agreements or leasing agreements, provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;

b) incurred under Additional Facilities, provided that the aggregate facility or loan amount under all Additional Facilities does not exceed an amount corresponding to SEK 50,000,000;

c) incurred under the Additional Diamorph Bearings Facility;

d) incurred under or forming the Deferred Payment;

e) incurred under or forming the Consideration Share Notes;

36

"Permitted Payment"
"Pledge Agreements" "Put and Call Option Agreement"

f) taken up from the Company or any of its whollyowned Subsidiaries provided that, if applicable, the Subsidiary taking up such Financial Indebtedness is a wholly-owned Subsidiary;
g) taken up by the Company from Diamorph Bearings if such Financial Indebtedness shall be and is used by the Company to pay capital or interest on the bond loan under these Terms and Conditions;
h) arising under a foreign exchange transaction for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates where that foreign exchange exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Finance Documents or the SPA, but not a foreign exchange transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
i) incurred under the Existing Tenmat Facilities; or
j) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
means a Restricted Payment (i) made by Diamorph Bearings to its shareholders if such Restricted Payment received by the Company shall be, and is, used by the Company to pay capital or interest on the bond loan under these Terms and Conditions, (ii) made by a Subsidiary of Diamorph Bearings to Diamorph Bearings or to any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, or (iii) made to the Company or to any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries;
means the Diamorph Bearings Pledge Agreement, the UK SPV Pledge Agreement, the Intercompany Loan Pledge Agreement, the Acquisition Target Pledge Agreement, the Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement and the SPA Pledge Agreement;
means the loan note exchange agreement entered into on or about the Acquisition Closing Date between (i) the UK Sellers, (ii) UK SPV, and (iii) the Company in relation to the potential exchange of the Consideration Share Notes

37

"Put Option" "Put Option Redemption Amount" "Record Date"
"Redemption Date"
"Relevant Action" "Relevant Period" "Restricted Payment" "Securities Account" "SEK" "SPA"
"SPA Pledge Agreement"
"Subordinated Security"
"Subsidiary"

held by the UK Sellers for shares in the Company;
has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1;
has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1;
means the fifth Banking Day prior to a payment date or, if at the relevant time another Banking Day is generally applied in the Swedish bond market as record date for such payment, such other Banking Day;
means the Final Redemption Date or such earlier date that may be the case pursuant to the provisions in Section 9 (Early redemption by request of the Company) and 16 (Acceleration of the Bonds);
has the meaning set forth in Section 17.1 (d);
means each period of twelve (12) consecutive months;
has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 (a);
means a securities account (Sw. vp-konto) in which each Holder's holding of Bonds is registered;
means the lawful currency for the time being in the Kingdom of Sweden;
means the share purchase agreement which was entered into on 12 June 2012 between (i) the UK Sellers, (ii) UK SPV and (iii) the Company regarding the purchase of all the issued shares in the Acquisition Target;
means the agreement entered into between UK SPV and the Bond Trustee on or about the Acquisition Closing Date regarding an assignment by way of security of all UK SPV's rights under the SPA;
means the second ranking security over the shares in the Acquisition Target in favour of the UK Sellers as security for UK SPV's obligations under the Deferred Payment;
means a subsidiary under Chapter 1, Section 11, of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) (or under such other provision as may replace this provision) or, in relation to a company incorporated in the UK, under the UK Companies Act 2006 section 1159 (or under such provision as may replace this provision);

38

"Target Group" "Target Loans" "Target Loan Security" "Tenmat EBITDA"

means the Acquisition Target and its Subsidiaries from time to time;
means all loans and facilities under any agreement entered into by any company in the Target Group with a provider of financial facilities prior to the Acquisition Closing Date;
means all security (including, inter alia, charges, liens, encumbrances and debentures) and all guarantees and indemnities provided by any company in the Target Group in relation to the Target Loans;
means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Target Group from ordinary activities according to the latest UK Management Accounts:
a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Target Group;
b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
c) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Target Group;
d) before taking into account any exceptional items (for the avoidance of doubt, the Agreed Employee Bonuses is an exceptional item);
e) before taking into account any unrealized gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
f) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
g) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Target Group which is attributable to minority interests;
h) plus or minus the Target Group's share of the

39

profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Target Group; and

i) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortization or depreciation of assets of members of the Target Group;

"Tenmat Limited"

means Tenmat Limited, reg. no. 03342498, Ashburton Road West, Trafford Park, Manchester, M17 1RU, United Kingdom;

"Terms and Conditions"

means these terms and conditions, as amended from time to time;

"UK Accounting Principles" means the generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom from time to time;

"UK Management Accounts" means the quarterly management accounts prepared by the Target Group (in accordance with the UK Accounting Principles);

"UK Sellers"

means the shareholders of the Acquisition Target prior to UK SPV's acquisition of the Acquisition Target;

"UK SPV"

means Diamorph UK Limited, registered in England and Wales with company no. 08071521, Eversheds House, 70 Great Bridgewater Street, Manchester, M1 5ES, United Kingdom;

"UK SPV Group"

means UK SPV and its Subsidiaries from time to time;

"UK SPV Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Company and the Bond Trustee on or about the Issue Date regarding a first priority pledge of all shares in UK SPV;

"Voting List"

has the meaning set forth in Section 18 (g); and

"Qualified Majority"

has the meaning set forth in Section 18 (d).

40

2 The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments 2.1 The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK four hundred and twenty five
million (425,000,000) and will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0004636512. 2.2 The minimum permissible investment in connection with the issuance of the Bonds is SEK one million (1,000,000). 2.3 The Company undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions. 2.4 The Company may choose not to issue the full amount of Bonds at the Issue Date and may in such case choose to issue the remaining amount of Bonds at one or more subsequent dates. Such Bonds may be sold at another price than the Nominal Amount. 2.5 The Net Proceeds shall be used by the Company to grant the Intercompany Loan to UK SPV. The Company shall procure that the money borrowed by UK SPV under the Intercompany Loan is applied by UK SPV towards acquiring the shares in the Acquisition Target under the SPA. 2.6 The Net Proceeds can, at the discretion of the Company, be exchanged from SEK to GBP by the Issuing Agent on behalf of the Company. The funds shall thereafter be transferred by the Issuing Agent to the Escrow Account. For the purpose of securing that the Net Proceeds will be used by the Company in accordance with Section 2.5, the Escrow Account has been pledged in favour of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under the Escrow Account Pledge until the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement and the Conditions Subsequent have been fulfilled.
3 Status The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Company and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among them.
4 Security 4.1 As a continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Company's obligations under
these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, the Company and UK SPV have entered into or will enter into the Pledge Agreements for the benefit of the Holders and the Bond Trustee. 4.2 The Company shall ensure that the Pledge Agreements are duly executed by the Company and UK SPV in favour of the Holders (as represented by the Bond Trustee) and the Bond Trustee and that the Pledge Agreements are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and effect, subject to and in accordance with Section 14 (Conditions Precedent for Disbursement and Conditions Subsequent). The Company shall execute and procure the execution of such further documentation as the Bond Trustee may reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Bond Trustee to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.
41

4.3 The Bond Trustee will hold the security created under the Pledge Agreements on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Pledge Agreements.
4.4 Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures set out in Section 18 (Holders' meeting and procedure in writing), the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Company, UK SPV, their Subsidiaries or third parties if it is, in the Bond Trustee's sole discretion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, releasing or enforcing the security created under the Pledge Agreements or for the purpose of settling the various Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Pledge Agreements, respectively.
4.5 If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Section 16 (Acceleration of the Bonds), the Bond Trustee is, without first having to obtain the Holders' consent, entitled to enforce the security created under the Pledge Agreements, in such manner and under such conditions that the Bond Trustee finds acceptable (if in accordance with the terms of the Pledge Agreements).
4.6 If a Holders' meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security created under the Pledge Agreements, the Bond Trustee is obliged to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision regarding the security created under the Pledge Agreements. However, if the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and Conditions, the Bond Trustee shall not enforce any of the security created under the Pledge Agreements. If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of the security created under the Pledge Agreements in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated and enforce the security created under the Pledge Agreements. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination and/or acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
4.7 Funds originating from an enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Pledge Agreements shall be distributed in proportion to each Holder's investment in the Bonds. Funds that the Bond Trustee receives on account of the Holders in connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security created under the Pledge Agreements constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate account on behalf of the Holders. The Bond Trustee shall promptly arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the Bond Trustee deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with Section 4.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.
4.8 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the Bond Trustee under these Terms and Conditions and for the purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any security created under the Pledge Agreements, the Company irrevocably authorises and empowers the Bond Trustee to act in the name of the Company, and on behalf of the Company, to instruct the
42

CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Section 4.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Section 4.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Company shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Section 4.7. Especially, the Company shall, upon the Bond Trustee's request, provide the Bond Trustee with a written power of attorney empowering the Bond Trustee to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Bond Trustee and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Section 4.7 to the Holders through the CSD.
5 The Bonds and transferability 5.1 Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions and, where relevant, the other Finance
Documents without there being any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.
5.2 The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.
5.3 Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a Holder may be subject (due to e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) for business). Each Holder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
5.4 The Bonds have not been registered under the US Securities Act and the Company is under no obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the US Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.
6 Bonds in electronic book-entry form 6.1 The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in electronic
book-entry form and will be registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. Those who, according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
6.2 The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent, the Company shall request and provide such information to the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent or provide the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information.
43

7 Payments of principal and interest 7.1 Payment of the Nominal Amount and/or interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the
Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date. 7.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a
designated bank account, such payment will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day. However, interest only accrues up to and including the relevant due date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of any amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. For the avoidance of doubt, payment will be made to the person registered as Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the actual payment date. 7.3 If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided that the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care. 7.4 The Company may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
8 Redemption at maturity The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date.
9 Early redemption by request of the Company 9.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Early
Redemption Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days' notice in accordance with Section 23 (Notices). The notice shall be irrevocable and state the Early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date. 9.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 10 (Interest) from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
10 Interest The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. The interest shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on a 30/360-days basis.
44

11 Default interest
11.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due under these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to the Interest Rate plus two (2) per cent., from, but excluding, the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
11.2 If the delay is due to an obstacle for the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent respectively as set out in Section 25.1 the default interest shall not exceed the relevant Interest Rate.
12 The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds
12.1 The Group Companies may at any time purchase Bonds. Bonds held by the Company or any of the other Group Companies may at the Company's or such other Group Company's discretion, as applicable, be retained or sold or, if held by the Company, be cancelled.
12.2 Bonds held by the Company or any other Group Company will as long as they are held by such entity not carry the right to attend and vote at the Holders' meetings and will not be taken into account, inter alia, for the purposes of Section 18.
13 Special undertakings
13.1 So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, or until such other date as set forth below, the Company undertakes:
(a) not to, and to procure that none of its Subsidiaries, for any year (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, or (iv) make any other similar distribution to the shareholders of the Company or the respective Subsidiary ((i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made which is a Permitted Payment;
(b) to ensure that, except for the Management Fees, UK SPV and its Subsidiaries do not make a Restricted Payment (even if a Permitted Payment) or lends money to a Group Company not being UK SPV or a Subsidiary of UK SPV, unless such Restricted Payment or lending is either (a) (i) made to the Company and (ii) used by the Company to pay principal or interest on the Bonds under these Terms and Conditions or (b) (i) made to a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company and (ii) used by UK SPV to redeem or repay the loan notes constituting the Deferred Payment or (c) made to the Company and transferred to the Debt Service Account or (d) a Restricted Payment or loan between two wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Company to facilitate payments, redemptions or repayments falling within paragraph (a), (b) or (c). For the avoidance of doubt, payments made by UK SPV to the Company under the Intercompany Loan are permitted;
(c) to ensure that the Bonds are listed at the corporate bond list on OMX not later than one (1) year after the Issue Date and to take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on OMX, continue being listed on OMX for as long as any Bond is outstanding
45

(however, taking into account the rules and regulations of OMX and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds);
(d) to procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group Companies as of the Acquisition Closing Date;
(e) to ensure that as from the first Financial Report after the Acquisition Closing Date, the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than 5.00 and that (a) the Interest Coverage Ratio always exceeds 2.00, or (b) there is an Available Cash Amount;
(f) not to, and to procure that none of its Subsidiaries, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Market Loans) or increase the outstanding loan amount under the Existing Diamorph Bearings Facility, provided however that the Company and the Subsidiaries have a right to incur Permitted Debt;
(g) to ensure that, as of the Acquisition Closing Date, no agreement regarding any Additional Facility has been entered into;
(h) to procure that all Target Loans, except for the Existing Tenmat Facilities, are repaid and/or cancelled and that all Target Loan Security, except for the Existing Tenmat Security, are released with no remaining obligations of any Group Company not later than the Acquisition Closing Date;
(i) not to, and to procure that the Subsidiaries do not, make any Deferred Repayment, unless (i) there is no Event of Default continuing and the repayment would not cause an Event of Default, (ii) the Tenmat EBITDA is, or exceeds, GBP 8,500,000, (iii) there are no amounts outstanding under any Additional Facility when the Deferred Repayment is made, and (iv) SEK 25,500,000 is held in the Debt Service Account;
(j) to procure that the Deferred Payment at all times is subordinated to the Company's obligations under these Terms and Conditions;
(k) to procure that no funds are transferred from the Debt Service Account, except to pay principal or interest on the Bonds under these Terms and Conditions;
(l) to procure that no amendments, supplements, variations or waivers of any terms and conditions of the Intercompany Loan are made without the prior written consent of the Bond Trustee;
(m) not to, and to procure that no Subsidiaries, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares in any Material Group Company, except in accordance with the terms and conditions of any agreements entered into prior to the Issue Date;
(n) not to, and to procure that no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that Material Group Company's assets or operations to any person not being the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is
46

carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect;
(o) not to issue any Market Loans other than Market Loans where the net proceeds from such Market Loans shall be and is used by the Company to redeem the Bonds;
(p) not to, and to procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided however that the Company and the Subsidiaries have a right to provide, prolong and renew any guarantee or security (i) created in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, (ii) in relation to any Additional Facility which is a Permitted Debt, (iii) in relation to any Existing Tenmat Facilities and the Existing Diamorph Bearings Facility, (iv) created under the Subordinated Security, or (v) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with credit purchases of goods and services);
(q) to prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than 120 days after the expiry of each financial year. When the Bonds have been listed on OMX, the report shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of OMX (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden);
(r) to prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Company's board of directors, on its website not later than 90 days after the expiry of each relevant interim period. When the Bonds have been listed on OMX, the report shall, in addition, be prepared in accordance with IFRS and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of OMX (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act; and
(s) not later than within twenty (20) days from the Bond Trustee's request, issue a Compliance Certificate.
13.2 The Bond Trustee is entitled to, on behalf of the Holders, waive, partly or in full, the provisions in Section 13.1 if satisfactory collateral or other security arrangements, in the Bond Trustee's absolute discretion, are provided in respect of the Company's proper discharge of its obligations under the Bonds.
13.3 The Company undertakes to notify the Bond Trustee of any transaction mentioned in 13.1 (n) and to, upon request by the Bond Trustee, provide the Bond Trustee with any information relating to the transaction which the Bond Trustee deems necessary.
13.4 The Target Group shall be included as part of the Group, pro forma, in the Financial Reports, when calculating EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges, during the entire Relevant Period,
47

even if part of the applicable Relevant Period relates to a period of time before the Acquisition Closing Date.
14 Conditions Precedent for Disbursement and Conditions Subsequent 14.1 The Bond Trustee's approval of the disbursement from the Escrow Account of the Net Proceeds will
be subject only to the following documents being received by the Bond Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory to it, and that the following actions have been taken: (a) duly executed copies of the SPA, the Intercompany Loan and all Pledge Agreements, except
for the Acquisition Target Pledge Agreement and the SPA Pledge Agreement; (b) that the pledge under the Diamorph Bearings Pledge Agreement has been perfected and has
been recorded in the share register of Diamorph Bearings; (c) that all share certificates and stock transfer forms or equivalent have been provided and have
been duly executed by the Company in blank in relation to the UK SPV Pledge Agreement; (d) that the pledge under the Debt Service Account Pledge Agreement has been perfected; and (e) documentation evidencing that the amounts to be released from the Escrow Account shall be
applied towards payment of the shares in the Acquisition Target under the SPA, whereby the Company advances a part of the loan under the Intercompany Loan to UK SPV. When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out above have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Bond Trustee and when the consideration for the shares in the Acquisition Target is to be paid according to the SPA, the Bond Trustee shall instruct the Bank to transfer funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of payment of the shares in the Acquisition Target under the SPA (whereby a part of the loan under the Intercompany Loan is advanced by the Company to UK SPV). Such transfer can be made to a client account with the Company's UK solicitors, in accordance with and subject to customary closing arrangements for a UK law governed acquisition, in order to be released therefrom to the UK Sellers' UK solicitors upon the consummation of the closing of the SPA. 14.2 The Company shall as soon as possible after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made, but not later than 31 December 2012, provide to the Bond Trustee evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, showing the following documents and that the following actions have been taken and that the following events have occurred: (a) that the Acquisition Target Pledge Agreement, the SPA Pledge Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement have been duly executed; (b) that the stock transfer forms relating to the transfer of all the shares in the Acquisition Target to UK SPV have been executed; (c) that the pledge under the Intercompany Loan Pledge Agreement has been perfected;
48

(d) that all share certificates and stock transfer forms or equivalent have been provided and have been duly executed by UK SPV in blank in relation to the Acquisition Target Pledge Agreement; and
(e) that all notices required to be sent under the terms of the SPA Pledge Agreement have been provided and have been duly executed by UK SPV.
14.3 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement and the Conditions Subsequent have been fulfilled, the Bond Trustee shall release the Escrow Account Pledge.
15 Change of Control
15.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Holder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 10 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to and including the relevant settlement date of the Put Option (the "Put Option Redemption Amount").
15.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Holders of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event as soon as possible after the Company has become aware of the Change of Control Event. The Put Option must be exercised by the Holders, by giving the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent written notice in accordance with Section 23, within sixty (60) calendar days after the Company has given such notification to the Bond Trustee and the Holders (the "Exercise Period"). Bonds held by a Holder who has exercised the Put Option shall be blocked from transactions by way of transferring the Bonds to the Issuing Agent (to an account specified by the Issuing Agent in a notice given to the Holders).
15.3 The Bond Trustee shall notify the Company of any pre-payment request made in accordance with this Section 15 as soon as possible after the request has been made. The Company shall redeem all Bonds to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 15 on the settlement date of the Put Option which shall occur twenty (20) Banking Days following the Exercise Period.
15.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Company, arrange for payment to be made of the Put Option Redemption Amount to each of the Holders which hold Bonds to be pre-paid and which have been blocked as set out in Section 15.2.
16 Acceleration of the Bonds
16.1 The Bond Trustee is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all but not only some of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Bond Trustee determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Banking Days from the date on which the Bond Trustee made such declaration), if (as notified by the Company or as otherwise determined by the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably)):
(a) the Company fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with these Terms and Conditions unless its failure to pay is due to an existence of an obstacle for the Company as set out in Section 25.1 or payment is made within five (5) Banking Days of the due date;
49

(b) the Company has not provided the Bond Trustee evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, showing that the Conditions Subsequent described in Section 14.2 have been fulfilled or that the events described therein have occurred not later than 31 December 2012;
(c) the Company or UK SPV do not comply with these Terms and Conditions in any other way than as set out in Section 16.1 (a) and (b) or with the Pledge Agreements, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Escrow Account Pledge, provided that the Bond Trustee has requested the Company in writing to remedy such failure and the Company, or UK SPV, has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) Banking Days from such request (if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds payable without such prior direction);
(d) UK SPV fails to perform its obligations under the Intercompany Loan, provided that the Bond Trustee has requested the Company in writing to procure the remedy of such failure and UK SPV has not remedied the failure within fifteen (15) Banking Days from such request (if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee (acting reasonably), the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Bond Trustee may declare the Bonds payable without such prior direction);
(e)
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company (excluding the Deferred Payment) is not paid when due or within any originally applicable grace period;
(ii) an event of default howsoever described (or any event which with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or fulfilment of any other applicable condition or any combination of the foregoing would constitute such an event of default) occurs under any document relating to Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company (excluding the Deferred Payment); or
(iii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Material Group Company becomes enforceable;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to above under (i), (ii) and/or (iii), individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK ten million (10,000,000);
(f)
(i) any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company;
50

(g) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction;
(h) any Material Group Company is merged and/or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Bond Trustee has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors);
(i) any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to SEK ten million (10,000,000) and is not discharged within thirty (30) days;
(j) it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Company or UK SPV to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents or if the obligations under such documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(k) the Company or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business (except if due to a merger or demerger as stipulated in (h) above).
16.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Bonds' Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Section 10 (Interest) from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to and including the payment date.
16.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Sections 16.1 (b), (c), (d) and (e) or, regarding any of the Company's Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Sections 16.1 (f), (g), (h), (i), (j) and (k) may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Bond Trustee's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in Section 16.1 (f).
16.4 If the Bonds can be terminated and declared due and payable for payment prematurely due to a failure to fulfil the obligations set out in Section 13.1 (e), the Bond Trustee or the Holders shall not
51

be entitled to declare the Bonds due for payment prematurely due to the failure until ten (10) weeks have passed from the occurrence of such default (calculated from the date of the relevant Financial Report or Compliance Certificate as the case may be) and only if it is continuing at the time of the declaration, after taking into consideration any injections of equity during such cure period when determining if the requirements are fulfilled.
16.5 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
16.6 The Company is obliged to inform the Bond Trustee immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Section 16.1 should occur. Should the Bond Trustee not receive such information, the Bond Trustee is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Bond Trustee does not have knowledge of such circumstance, and the Bond Trustee is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Section 16.1. The Company shall further provide the Bond Trustee with such details as the Bond Trustee may request regarding any circumstances referred to in Section 16.1 and provide, at the request of the Bond Trustee, all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Section 16.
16.7 The Company is only obliged to inform the Bond Trustee according to Section 16.6 if informing the Bond Trustee would not conflict with any statute or, when the Bonds are listed, the Company's registration contract with OMX.
16.8 If the Bond Trustee has been notified by the Company or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Section 16.1, the Bond Trustee shall decide, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Bond Trustee has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Bond Trustee shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Section 18. If the Holders decide for termination to occur, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Bond Trustee's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Bond Trustee shall not terminate the Bonds. The Bond Trustee shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased.
16.9 If the Holders, without any prior initiative from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 18, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
16.10 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Section 16, the Bond Trustee shall take every measure necessary to recover the amounts under the Bonds.
52

16.11 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 16 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or by the Holders' meeting pursuant to Section 18.
17 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc.
17.1 The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders
(a) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holders' consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds and the other Finance Documents).
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Notwithstanding Section 17.1 (c) and without having to observe the provisions in Section 16 and 17.1, the Holders may jointly (i) take actions to enforce their rights under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents against the Company if the Bond Trustee does not have legal right (Sw. talerätt) to bring an action or initiate a procedure under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents before any courts or other authorities and if the Bond Trustee has not been granted a power of attorney to do so, (ii) take any actions which the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking if the Bond Trustee has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time
53

in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and (iii) represent their own holdings of Bonds against the Company if the Bond Trustee has notified the Holders that it will not take further actions in accordance with Section 17.4 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are together and individually referred to as a "Relevant Action"). However, any Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. A Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section can however be convened by the Bond Trustee (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 18 (k)) irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represents ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount or not. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section 17.1 (d) may be passed with simple majority.
17.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and shall act as security trustee under the Pledge Agreements and the Escrow Account Pledge. The Bond Trustee shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 18 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In its capacity as security trustee, the Bond Trustee shall hold and, if applicable, enforce any security created under the Pledge Agreements and the Escrow Account Pledge on behalf of the Holders and shall monitor the compliance by the Company and other relevant parties of their respective obligations under these Terms and Conditions and/or the Pledge Agreements and the Escrow Account Pledge with respect to the security interests created under the Pledge Agreements and the Escrow Account Pledge.
(c) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of another Holder or Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until the matter has been decided upon at a Holders' meeting.
(d) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(e) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond
54

Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(f) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
17.3 Replacement of Bond Trustee and Issuing Agent
(a) The Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent can be replaced by another Bond Trustee and/or Issuing Agent by the Holders in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 18.
(b) The Bond Trustee may resign as agent and security trustee and/or transfer its position as agent and security trustee at any time, provided that no resignation by the Bond Trustee shall take effect until a new Bond Trustee has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Bond Trustee within thirty (30) days after the Bond Trustee has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Bond Trustee has the right to appoint a new Bond Trustee. Until the resigning Bond Trustee has been replaced by a new Bond Trustee, the resigning Bond Trustee shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. When a new Bond Trustee has been appointed, the resigning Bond Trustee shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Bond Trustee but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. The Bond Trustee's successor, the Company, the Issuing Agent and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Bond Trustee.
(c) The Issuing Agent may resign as issuing agent and/or transfer its position as issuing agent at any time, provided that no resignation by the Issuing Agent shall take effect until a new Issuing Agent has been appointed by the Company. If the Company has not appointed a new Issuing Agent within thirty (30) days after the Issuing Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Issuing Agent has the right to appoint a new Issuing Agent. Until the resigning Issuing Agent has been replaced by the new Issuing Agent, the resigning Issuing Agent shall perform all its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. When a new Issuing Agent has been appointed, the resigning Issuing Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Issuing Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuing Agent's successor, the Company, the Bond Trustee and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Issuing Agent.
(d) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Company shall immediately
55

appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent as Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents.
(e) The Company may also appoint a new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent, if the Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent has, in a material way, failed to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents and does not, within a reasonable time, remedy such failure after the Company has made the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent aware thereof. If a new Bond Trustee is appointed, the Company may recover all costs, remuneration, fees and expenses payable by the Company in relation to the new Bond Trustee under Sections 17.2 (f), 17.4 and 19 from the replaced Bond Trustee, provided that such costs, remuneration, fees and expenses exceed the costs, remuneration, fees and expenses that would have been payable if the Bond Trustee had not been replaced.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 17.3 (a) ­ (e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents.
17.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to the Agent Agreement, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. If the Bond Trustee, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent and not be able to reimburse the Bond Trustee for its costs and expenses (taking into account Section 22.1), the Bond Trustee is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Sections 16.8 ­ 16.9 without first having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
18 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and notified in accordance with Section 23, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due order the Bond Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Company shall assist the Bond Trustee and take any measures that, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, are required to convene the Holders' meeting or procedure
56

in writing. The Bond Trustee must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 23 not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 18 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company shall not entitle any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Section 13 is waived, and (2) an amendment of a provision in these Terms and Conditions or the other Finance Documents is made or if a waiver is
57

provided in relation to any breach or proposed breach of the provisions in the Finance Documents (other than these Terms and Conditions), subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount, (3) release of the security created under the Pledge Agreements (in full or in part), and (4) amendment of the provisions in this Section 18 (d).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 23. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(f) At the meeting, the Company, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Bond Trustee may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Company and the Company's auditors may attend the meeting. The meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
(g) The meeting shall be opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Bond Trustee) and the meeting shall be chaired by that person until a chairman of the meeting has been elected by the meeting. The chairman shall prepare a list of the Holders and representatives/proxies present and entitled to vote (the "Voting List"). The list shall include information on the Nominal Amount that each Holder (or, as the case may be, representatives/proxies) represents. The chairman shall further arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting. The minutes shall include the Voting List (which shall be approved by the Holders' meeting), any other persons that have been attending, what has been discussed, the result of the voting and the resolutions that were passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person
58

appointed by the meeting to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee shall provide for the calculation of votes and keep minutes in respect of the calculation of votes and the resolutions passed by the procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard any unclear or illegible votes. The Bond Trustee shall disregard any answers that do not follow listed alternatives or where the voting right does not appear in the documentation provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may be represented at the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Bond Trustee.
(h) If the Company and the Bond Trustee deem it appropriate, a Holders' meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at the Holders' meeting.
(i) If a procedure in writing is held among the Holders, the Holders can provide answers and vote electronically by sending an email to the Bond Trustee at the address notified by the Bond Trustee in the notice which shall be sent to the Holders according to Section 18 (b). For the avoidance of doubt, electronic answers that do not follow listed alternatives (in a decision form or otherwise) will be disregarded in accordance with Section 18 (g).
(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution passed, or due to that no resolution was passed, at the Holders' meeting.
(k) If the Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within twenty (20) Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 18 (g) exist, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting Holder.
(l) When applying this Section 18, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 24 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee (i) certifying that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 24 and this Section 18 (l).
59

(m) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Bond Trustee in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
19 Fees and expenses
19.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents (including legal costs) and the fulfilment of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.
19.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in the Agent Agreement.
19.3 Any public fees levied on the trade of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Holders, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, and the Company is not responsible for reimbursing any such fees.
19.4 Except as provided in Section 19.3, the Company shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the issuance of Bonds and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law.
20 Amendments of the Terms and Conditions
20.1 The Bond Trustee may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the other Finance Documents as long as such amendments does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, to the Bond Trustees discretion, may materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders or that such amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents. Subject to decisions of the Holders in accordance with Section 18, the Bond Trustee may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
20.2 The Bond Trustee may also, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to make necessary amendments to these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents to the extent such amendments are required by applicable law, court rulings or decisions by relevant authorities or, when the Bonds are listed on OMX, and as long as such amendments do not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders, to ensure that they comply with any requirements for listing.
20.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Section 23, setting out the date from which the amendments will be effective.
60

21 Time-bar 21.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be time-barred and become void ten (10)
years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be timebarred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders right to receive payment have been time-barred and become void. 21.2 If such periods for limitation are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
22 Allocation of payments 22.1 Application of proceeds following an Event of Default
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, the available funds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any funds originating from the enforcement of the security under the Pledge Agreements or the Escrow Account Pledge) shall, unless otherwise stipulated in the Pledge Agreements, firstly be applied towards payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Bond Trustee, and any remuneration payable to the Bond Trustee, under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement and secondly in or towards payment of all sums owed by the Company to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions. The surplus, if any, shall promptly be transferred to the respective pledgors under the Pledge Agreements. 22.2 Allocation of payments made to the Holders If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
23 Notices 23.1 Notices from the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Holders at their
addresses as registered with the CSD. Notices to the Holders shall be considered to be received by the Holders three (3) Banking Days after they have been dispatched. 23.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company or the Bond Trustee shall be given in English to the Company or the Bond Trustee as the case may be and, if to the Company, with a copy to the Bond Trustee, at the addresses set forth in Section 1.
24 Nominee registration In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act, the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose
61

of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting rights of the Holders in Section 18).
25 Limitation of liability etc. 25.1 The Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent shall have no liability for damage
caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 25.2 The Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, shall not be liable for damage caused in any other event unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. In no event shall the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, or any affiliates to the Bond Trustee, the CSD and the Issuing Agent, be liable for indirect damage. 25.3 The Bond Trustee shall not be liable for damage caused in connection with the enforcement of the Pledge Agreements or the Escrow Account Pledge (irrespective if such claim would have been made under these Terms and Conditions, the terms and conditions of the Pledge Agreements or the terms and conditions of the Escrow Account Pledge), unless the damage is caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct. 25.4 Should the Company, the Bond Trustee, the CSD or the Issuing Agent be prevented from performing their respective obligations due to any of the circumstances mentioned in Section 25.1, such performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such event. 25.5 The provisions in this Section 25 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
26 Listing The Company intends to list the Bonds on OMX within 30 days after the Issue Date and not later than 60 days after the Issue Date. Further, the Company undertakes to list the Bonds not later than one (1) year after the Issue Date in accordance with Section 13.1.
27 Governing law and jurisdiction 27.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
Sweden. 27.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Section 27.3,
be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.
62

27.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Holders and the Bond Trustee to take proceedings against the Company in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets. ____________________________________________
63

Addresses

Issuer
DIAMORPH AB (PUBL) Roslagstullsbacken 11
SE-106 91 STOCKHOLM Sweden
Tel: +46 (0)8 612 68 50 Hemsida: www.diamorph.com
Issuing Agent and Financial Advisor
PARETO ÖHMAN AB Berzelii Park 9
SE-103 91 STOCKHOLM Sweden
Tel: +46 8 402 50 00 Web page: www.ohman.se
Auditor
ERNST & YOUNG AB P.O. Box 7850
SE-103 99 STOCKHOLM Sweden
Tel: +46 (0)8 520 590 00 Web page: www.ey.se

Central securities depository
EUROCLEAR SWEDEN AB P.O. Box 7822
SE-103 97 STOCKHOLM Sweden
Tel: +46 8 402 90 00 Web page: www.euroclear.eu
Bond Trustee
SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) Strandvägen 35
SE-114 56 STOCKHOLM Sweden
+46 8 783 79 00 Web page: www.swedishtrustee.se/
Legal Advisor ­ Sweden
GERNANDT & DANIELSSON ADVOKATBYRÅ KB Box 5747
SE-114 87 STOCKHOLM Sweden
Tel +46 8 670 66 00 Web page: www.gda.se

64

