Execution version
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUROFLORIST INTRESSENTER AB (PUBL)
euroflorist SEK 280,000,000 SENIOR SECURED AND GUARANTEED FLOATING RATE BONDS ISIN: SE0011310606
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the
Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to
inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
TÖRNGRENMAGNELL

Table of Contents

1

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1

2

STATUS OF THE BONDS

16

3

USE OF PROCEEDS

17

4

CONDITIONS FOR SETTLEMENT OF THE BONDS

17

5

ESCROW OF PROCEEDS

17

6

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

18

7

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER

19

8

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

19

9

INTEREST

20

10

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS

20

11

TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEES

24

12

INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS

25

13

GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS

27

14

INCURRENCE TEST

31

15

ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS

33

16

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

36

17

DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS

38

18

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

41

19

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

41

20

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

42

21

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT AND THE SECURITY AGENT

42

22

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

47

23

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

47

24

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS

48

25

PRESCRIPTION

48

26

NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES

49

27

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

50

28

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

50

Schedules
Schedule 1 Material Subsidiaries Schedule 2 Conditions Precedent for Settlement of Bonds Schedule 3 Conditions Precedent for Release of Escrow Schedule 4 Form of Compliance Certificate

1 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Additional Amounts" has the meaning set forth in Clause 8.6.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Bonds (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Bonds in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bond Issue" means the issue of Bonds by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond Loan" means the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Bonds.
1

"Bookrunner" means ABG Sundal Collier AB, Reg. No. 556538-8674, P.O. Box 7269, 103 89 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being the Main Shareholder, acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty (50) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Completion Date" means the date of the Agent's approval of the disbursements of the proceeds from the Escrow Account.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in the form appended to these Terms and Conditions as Schedule 4 (Form of Compliance Certificate) signed by the CEO or the CFO or any other authorised signatory of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer, certifying among other things (a) that, so far as the Issuer is aware, no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and (b) that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect thereof, if relevant.
"Conditions Precedent Failure" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.4.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Bonds from time to time.
"Dutch Security Documents" means the Security Documents under paragraph (f) and (g) thereof and any other Security Document purporting to create a Dutch law security interest over any asset.
"EBITDA" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14.1 (Definitions).
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge (fixed or floating), assignment for the purpose of providing security, hypothecation or other security interest, or any other agreement or arrangement having the commercial effect of conferring security.
"Enforcement Action" means any action of any kind to:
(a) declare prematurely due and payable or otherwise seek to accelerate payment of or place a demand on all or any part of any Secured Debt or Intercompany
2

Debt (notwithstanding any such debt has fallen due or not) or Guarantee (other than as a result of it becoming unlawful for a Secured Party to perform its obligations under, or of any voluntary or mandatory prepayment under, the Secured Finance Documents);
(b) recover all or any part of any Secured Debt or Intercompany Debt (including by exercising any set-off, save as required by law and normal netting and set-off transactions in the ordinary course of business);
(c) exercise or enforce any enforcement right under the Transaction Security, in each case granted in relation to (or given in support of) all or any part of any Secured Debt or Intercompany Debt;
(d) petition for (or take or support any other step which may lead to) an Insolvency Event; or
(e) sue, claim or bring proceedings against any ICA Group Company in respect of recovering any Secured Debt or Intercompany Debt.
"Escrow Account" means the interest bearing bank account held by the Issuer with the Escrow Bank for the purpose of the arrangement specified in Clause 5 (Escrow of proceeds).
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent).
"Escrow Bank" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Reg. No. 502032 9081.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Overdraft Facility" means the multi-currency account facility including an overdraft facility in the aggregate maximum amount of SEK 45,000,000 provided by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) to Euroflorist AB, Reg. No. 556391-9181 under a multi-currency account facility dated 29 September 2017.
"Existing Senior Debt" means the SEK 185,000,000, EUR 5,376,100 and GBP 8,513,500 term loan facilities provided by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) to the Issuer under a facilities agreement originally dated 4 December 2014 as amended and restated on 29 September 2017.
"Existing Senior Debt Repayment Instructions" means evidence, in the form of a funds flow statement (or similar), of the amount required to repay the Existing Senior Debt (including all accrued but unpaid interest) on the Completion Date and that the Encumbrance and guarantees in respect of the Existing Senior Debt will be discharged upon such payment, including duly executed release notice(s) or letter(s) from Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) under the Existing Senior Debt.
"Final Discharge Date" means the time when the Security Agent is satisfied that all Secured Obligations have been fully and irrevocably paid and discharged and all
3

commitments of the Secured Parties in respect of the Secured Debt have expired or been cancelled.
"Final Maturity Date" means the date falling four (4) years after the Issue Date. "Finance Documents" means: (a) these Terms and Conditions;
(b) the Agency Agreement;
(c) the Security Documents;
(d) the Guarantee Agreement;
(e) the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement;
(f) the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable) and
(g) any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Bondholders) as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of: (a) monies borrowed or raised (including under bank financing or Market Loans);
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases;
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis), provided that the requirements for de recognition under the Accounting Principles are met;
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as a borrowing under the Accounting Principles (including forward sale or purchase arrangements);
(e) the marked-to-market value of any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, Market Loan, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
4

(g) (without double counting) liabilities under any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of indebtedness referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, or any report required for the purpose of a Compliance Certificate to be delivered to the Agent pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
"First Call Date" means the date falling twenty-four (24) months after the Issue Date.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Guarantee" means the guarantees in relation to the Secured Obligations provided by the Guarantors pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement.
"Guarantee Agreement" means the guarantee agreement dated on or prior to the Completion Date between the Issuer, each Guarantor and the Security Agent pursuant to which, amongst other things, the Secured Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors.
"Guarantor" means each Group Company which, at any point in time, is a party to the Guarantee Agreement, initially each company listed in Schedule 1 (Material Subsidiaries).
"ICA Group Company" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Incurrence Test" means the test pursuant to Clause 14.2 (Incurrence Test).
"Insolvency Event" means, in relation to a Material Subsidiary:
(a) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, bankruptcy, administration or corporate reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) of any Material Subsidiary;
(b) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures or other steps (other than (A) proceedings which are not vexatious or frivolous or are being disputed in good faith and are discharged within ninety (90) calendar days, and (B), taken in relation to Subsidiaries of the Company, solvent liquidations that are permitted under the Secured Finance Documents) in relation to (i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or similar (by way of voluntary arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Subsidiary, and (ii) the appointment of a
5

liquidator, administrator, or other similar officer in respect of any Material Subsidiary or any of its assets or any analogous procedure; or
(c) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Bondholders and creditors under the Secured Debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other relevant jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Instructing Party" means the Senior Agent or, following replacement in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable), the Super Senior Representative.
"Intercompany Debt" means all present and future moneys, debts and liabilities due, owing or incurred from time to time under any loan granted by an ICA Group Company to another ICA Group Company.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement to be entered into upon request by the New Overdraft Lender, whereunder Encumbrance provided towards the benefit of the Bondholders under the Security Documents and guarantees provided under the Guarantee Agreement will be shared between the New Overdraft Lender and the Bondholders, between, amongst others, the Issuer, the New Overdraft Lender, the Security Agent and the Agent (representing the Bondholders), substantially in the form and terms as set out in the Intercreditor Term Sheet.
"Intercreditor Term Sheet" means the agreed form intercreditor term sheet setting out the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 11 March, 11 June, 11 September and 11 December of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 11 September 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means:
(d) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date; and
(e) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
6

Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus the Margin.
"Issue Date" means 11 June 2018.
"Issuer" means EuroFlorist Intressenter AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556734-5961.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier AB, Reg. No. 556538-8674, P.O. Box 7269, 103 89 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.
"IPO Event" means the event where all of the issued and outstanding shares in the Issuer or any other Group Company are listed on a Regulated Market pursuant to an initial public offering.
"Listing Failure Event" means that (i) the Bonds are not admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market) within the Listing Period, or (ii) following a successful listing and subsequent de-listing of the Bonds from the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market) the Bonds are not re-listed by the date falling sixty (60) calendar days from the date of the de-listing.
"Listing Period" means sixty (60) calendar days from (and excluding) the Issue Date.
"Main Shareholder" means Litorina Kapital Partners III Limited, a Jersey company with Reg. No. 94584.
"Make Whole Amount" means a price equivalent to the sum of: (g) the present value on the relevant Redemption Date of 103.125 per cent. of the
Nominal Amount as if such payment had taken place on the First Call Date; and
(h) the present value on the relevant Redemption Date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date,
both calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment. "Margin" means 6.25 per cent. per annum.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness in the form of commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term bond programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on any Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment undertakings under the Finance Documents
7

or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents, or (d) the effectiveness or ranking of any Transaction Security.
"Material Subsidiary" means (i) a Guarantor and (ii) a Subsidiary of the Issuer which, together with its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis as EBITDA representing 5 per cent. or more of EBITDA or has turnover or gross assets representing 10 per cent. or more of the turnover or gross assets of the Group, in each case calculated on a consolidated basis, calculated by reference to the financial statements most recently made available on the Issuer's website in accordance with Clause 12.1.1 and which will be confirmed by the Issuer in a compliance certificate to be delivered in connection with the financial statements in accordance with Clause 12.1.3. As at the date of these Terms and Conditions, each company listed in Schedule 1 (Material Subsidiaries) is a Material Subsidiary.
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a certificate of the auditors of the Issuer will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB, Reg. No. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer in connection with issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Issuer and used in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue.
"New Overdraft Facility" means the overdraft and guarantee facility agreement to be entered into between EuroFlorist AB, as borrower, and, the New Overdraft Lender as lender, as amended from time to time (including any fees, underwriting discount premiums and other costs and expenses incurred with such financing) up to an amount not exceeding SEK 30,000,000, and any general corporate and working capital facilities used to refinance such overdraft and guarantee facility agreement or any refinancing of such debt, for the avoidance of doubt such refinancing not to exceed the aforementioned amount.
"New Overdraft Lender" a Nordic bank in its capacity as lender under the New Overdraft Facility.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) until the Completion Date, incurred under the Existing Senior Debt (including for the avoidance of doubt under the Existing Overdraft Facility);
(b) incurred under the New Overdraft Facility up to an amount not exceeding SEK 30,000,000;
(c) incurred under the Bonds;
8

(d) arising as a result of a contemplated refinancing of the Bonds in full (a "Refinancing") provided that such debt is held in escrow until full repayment of the Bonds;
(e) incurred as a result of group contributions (Sw. koncernbidrag), provided that no cash is transferred;
(f) between the Issuer and a Material Subsidiary or between Material Subsidiaries;
(g) between Group Companies (other than the Issuer) that are not Material Subsidiaries;
(h) between the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary and a Group Company (other than the Issuer) that is not a Material Subsidiary provided that such Financial Indebtedness is on arm's length terms and the aggregate amount for any such Financial Indebtedness for the Group taken as whole does not exceed SEK 10,000,000 at any time;
(i) arising under any guarantee for the obligations of another Group Company, provided that such guarantee would have been permitted pursuant to paragraphs (f) - (h) of this definition had it instead been a loan to that Group Company;
(j) arising in the ordinary course of trading with suppliers of goods with a maximum duration of one hundred and twenty (120) days or under guarantees of such debt made for the benefit of such suppliers;
(k) incurred in the ordinary course of business by any Group Company under any pension and tax liabilities;
(l) under any customary cash management, netting or set-off or cash pooling arrangements entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of business of its financial arrangements for the purposes of netting debit and credit balances of any Group Company;
(m) of any person acquired by a member of the Group after the Issue Date which has been incurred under arrangements in existence at the date of acquisition, but not incurred, increased or having its maturity date extended in contemplation of, or since, that acquisition, and outstanding only for a period of six (6) months following the date of the acquisition ("Acquired Debt");
(n) incurred pursuant to any finance lease, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the Issue Date up to a maximum individually or in the aggregate amount of SEK 2,000,000; and
(o) if not permitted by any of paragraphs (a) - (n) above which does not in aggregate at any time exceed SEK 5,000,000.
"Permitted Distribution Amount" means fifty (50) per cent. of the consolidated net profit (defined as profit / loss) as it appears on the Group's income statement
9

(prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles) of the Group for the previous financial year. "Permitted Security" means: (a) up until the Completion Date, any Encumbrance provided in respect of the
Existing Senior Debt;
(b) any Encumbrance created under the Security Documents (subject to any restrictions set out Clause 13.3 (Market Loans) or Clause 13.4 (Financial Indebtedness);
(c) any Encumbrance provided in respect of the New Overdraft Facility;
(d) any right of netting or set off over credit balances on bank accounts arising in the ordinary course of banking arrangements of the Group;
(e) any payment or close out netting or set-off arrangement pursuant to any hedging transaction entered into by a member of the Group for the purpose of:
(i) hedging any risk to which any member of the Group is exposed in its ordinary course of trading; or
(ii) its interest rate or currency management operations which are carried out in the ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes only,
excluding, in each case, any Encumbrance under a credit support arrangement in relation to a hedging transaction;
(f) any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of trading;
(g) any Encumbrance over any escrow account for the purpose of securing indemnity and warranty claims of a purchaser in connection with a disposal of assets not prohibited under these Terms and Conditions;
(h) any Encumbrance over any rental deposits in respect of real estate leased or licensed to a Group Company;
(i) any Encumbrance over or affecting any asset acquired by a member of the Group after the Issue Date if:
(i) the Encumbrance was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that asset by a member of the Group;
(ii) the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that asset by a member of the Group; and
(iii) the Encumbrance is removed or discharged within six (6) months of the date of acquisition of such asset;
10

(j) any Encumbrance over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a member of the Group after the Issue Date, where the Encumbrance is created prior to the date on which that company becomes a member of the Group, if:
(i) the Encumbrance was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of that company;
(ii) the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since the acquisition of that company; and
(iii) the Encumbrance is removed or discharged within six (6) months of that company becoming a member of the Group;
(k) any Encumbrance arising under any retention of title, hire purchase or conditional sale arrangement or arrangements relating to prepayments or any other arrangements having similar effect in respect of goods supplied to a member of the Group in the ordinary course of business and on the supplier's standard or usual terms and not arising as a result of any default or omission by any member of the Group;
(l) any Encumbrance over assets leased by the Group if such leases constitute Permitted Debt;
(m) any Encumbrance created for purposes of securing obligations to the CSD;
(n) any Encumbrance created in the form of a pledge over an escrow account to which the proceeds incurred in relation to a Refinancing are intended to be received (provided that only proceeds from the Refinancing shall stand to the credit of such account);
(o) any Encumbrance created for the benefit of the financing providers in relation to a Refinancing, however provided always that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied after repayment of the Bonds in full; and
(p) any Encumbrance which does not in aggregate at any time secure indebtedness exceeding SEK 5,000,000.
"Quarter Date" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14.1 (Definitions).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds), or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds).
11

"Reference Banks" means banks reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent Quarter Date.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 13.1.1.
"Secured Debt" means the Super Senior Debt and the Senior Debt.
"Secured Debt Agents" means the New Overdraft Lender and the Senior Agent.
"Secured Finance Documents" means the Finance Documents and the Super Senior Facility Documents.
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future payment obligations and liabilities (whether actual and contingent, whether owed jointly, severally or in any other capacity whatsoever and whether originally incurred by a Group Company or by some other person) of each Group Company towards the Agent and the Bondholders under the Finance Documents and, if applicable, towards the Secured Parties (or any of them) under the New Overdraft Facility.
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent, the Agent and the Bondholders and, if applicable, the New Overdraft Lender.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee (Sw. förvaltare).
"Security Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882 1879, or another party replacing it, as Security Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Security Documents" means the following documents: (a) the share pledge agreement between the Issuer and the Security Agent in
respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Holding AB;
(b) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist Holding AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist AB;
(c) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Sverige AB;
(d) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Norge AS;
12

(e) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist A/S;
(f) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Nederland B.V.;
(g) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Europe B.V.;
(h) the share pledge agreement between EuroFlorist AB and the Security Agent in respect of all the shares issued in eFlorist Limited; and
(i) any other documents pursuant to which Transaction Security is provided.
The Encumbrance under the Security Documents listed in paragraphs (a) - (i) may, together with the guarantees provided under the Guarantee Agreement be shared between the Bondholders and the New Overdraft Lender as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement with the New Overdraft Lender as super senior creditor.
"Security Enforcement Objective" means maximising, so far as is consistent with prompt and expeditious realisation of value from enforcement of the Transaction Security and Guarantees, the recovery by the Secured Parties, always provided that such enforcement is made in compliance with the duty of care (Sw. vardplikt) of the Security Agent.
"Senior Agent" means, at any time, the Bonds Agent in its capacity as representative of those Bondholders who's Senior Debt at that time aggregate more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total Senior Debt at that time, where the Bonds Agent shall act on the instructions of and on behalf of the Bondholders.
"Senior Debt" means all present and future moneys, debts and liabilities due, owing or incurred from time to time by any Group Company to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, and all available commitments of the Bondholders, under or in connection with any Finance Documents.
"Special Mandatory Redemption" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.4.
"STIBOR" means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's
website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period of three (3) months; or (b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or (c) in case of calculation of default interest, if no rate is available for the relevant period, the rate (rounded upwards to four decimal places), interpolating on a
13

linear basis between (i) the percentage rate per annum displayed on the appropriate page of the Reuters screen as STIBOR fixing for the longest period which is less than the period comparable to the relevant period; and (ii) the percentage rate per annum displayed on the appropriate page of the Reuters screen as STIBOR fixing for the shortest period which exceeds the period comparable to the relevant period; or
(d) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551).
"Super Senior Creditors" means if applicable, the New Overdraft Lender and any other financial institution(s) providing financing under the Super Senior Facility Documents and any agents for any of them.
"Super Senior Debt" means, if applicable, all present and future moneys, debts and liabilities due, owing or incurred from time to time by any Group Company under the Super Senior Facility Documents to the New Overdraft Lender and any other financial institution(s) providing financing under the Super Senior Facility Documents and any agents for any of them.
"Super Senior Facility Documents" means, if applicable, the Intercreditor Agreement, the New Overdraft Facility, the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement and any other document designated as such.
"Super Senior Representative" means, if applicable, the New Overdraft Lender or any agent or representative replacing the New Overdraft Lender.
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, of a Swedish Government Bond (Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least 2 Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish
14

Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other Group Company in connection with (i) the issuance of the Bonds and (ii) the listing of the Bonds.
"Transaction Security" means the Encumbrance provided to the Secured Parties for the Secured Obligations under and pursuant to the Security Documents.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1 Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and

(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2 An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
1.2.3 When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
1.2.4 A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

15

1.2.5 No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
1.2.6 These Terms and Conditions are entered into subject to the Intecreditor Agreement (if applicable) and in the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement shall prevail.

2

STATUS OF THE BONDS

2.1

The Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Bond is constituted by these

Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the

Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.

2.2

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit

from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each

subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.

2.3

The nominal amount of each Bond is SEK 2,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). All Bonds

are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100) per cent. of the

Nominal Amount.

2.4

The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds may not exceed

SEK 280,000,000 unless a consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance

with Clause 17.7.

2.5

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional and secured obligations of the

Issuer and shall rank (i) behind the New Overdraft Facility (as applicable) pursuant to

the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable) in connection with an

Enforcement Action, (ii) pari passu without any preference among them, and (iii) at

least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured

obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and

except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.

2.6

In case of insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the

Bonds are subordinated to other payment obligations of EuroFlorist AB under the New

Overdraft Facility pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable).

2.7

The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which

a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such

restrictions at its own cost and expense.

2.8

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or

other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than

Sweden, where action for that purpose is required, and as such the Bonds have not

been and will not be registered, and may be restricted, in United States, Australia,

Japan, Canada, or in any other country where the offering, sale and delivery of the

Bonds may be restricted by law. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and

observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or

the Bonds.

16

3

USE OF PROCEEDS

3.1

The Net Proceeds from the Bonds shall initially be deposited in the Escrow Account.

3.2

Upon release from the Escrow Account, the amount standing to the credit of the

Escrow Account shall be applied by the Issuer towards (i) first, repayment in full of the

Existing Senior Debt on the Issue Date and (ii) second, general corporate purposes,

including transaction costs.

3.3

Notwithstanding Clauses 3.1 and 3.2, the Net Proceeds deposited in the Escrow

Account shall in the case of a Conditions Precedent Failure be applied by the Agent in

accordance with Clause 5.4.

4

CONDITIONS FOR SETTLEMENT OF THE BONDS

4.1

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, no later than two (2) Business Days prior the

Issue Date the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 2 (Conditions

Precedent for Settlement of Bonds).

4.2

The Agent does not review the documents and evidence referred to in Clause 4.1 from

a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders. The Agent may assume that the

documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 is accurate, legally valid,

enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary,

and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such

documentation.

4.3

The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 have

been satisfied.

5

ESCROW OF PROCEEDS

5.1

Following settlement of the Bonds, as set out in Clause 4 (Conditions for Settlement of

the Bonds) above, the funds standing to the credit on the Escrow Account will be

blocked and pledged by the Issuer in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders

(represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

5.2

Provided that no Event of Default is continuing and upon the Agent being satisfied that

it has received the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 3 (Conditions

Precedentfor Release of Escrow), the Agent shall immediately instruct the Escrow Bank

to promptly transfer the funds standing to the credit of the Escrow Account in

accordance with the Existing Senior Debt Repayment Instructions and, as regards any

remaining amounts after the Existing Senior Debt has been repaid in full, the

instructions of the Issuer (as approved by the Agent), and in conjunction therewith

release the Encumbrance over the Escrow Account.

5.3

The Agent does not review the documents and evidence referred to in Clause 5.2 from

a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders. The Agent may assume that the

documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 5.2 is accurate, legally valid,

enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary,

and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such

documentation.

17

5.4

If the conditions precedent set out in Clause 5.2 have not been fulfilled to the

satisfaction of the Agent on or before thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date (a

"Conditions Precedent Failure") the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the

outstanding Bonds in full at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount,

together with accrued but unpaid interest (a "Special Mandatory Redemption"). The

Agent may fund a Special Mandatory Redemption with the amounts standing to the

credit of the Escrow Account. Any shortfall shall be covered by the Issuer.

5.5

A Special Mandatory Redemption shall be made by the Issuer giving notice to the

Bondholders and the Agent promptly following the date when the Special Mandatory

Redemption is triggered pursuant to Clause 5.4. The Issuer is bound to redeem the

Bonds in full at the applicable amount on a date specified in the notice from the Issuer,

such date to fall no later than ten (10) Business Days after the effective date of the

notice.

5.6

The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions set out in Clause 5.2

have been satisfied.

6

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

6.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities

Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be

registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration

requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. The debt

register (Sw. skuldbok (direktregistrerade)) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds

shall be conclusive evidence of the persons who are Bondholders and their holdings of

Bonds.

6.2

Those who according to assignment, Encumbrance, the provisions of the Swedish

Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed

of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall

register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial

Instruments Accounts Act.

6.3

The Issuer and the Agent shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the

debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of

the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the

Agent. For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of

the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from

the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.

6.4

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by

the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently

obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the

Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the

Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.

6.5

The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 6.3 and 6.4

only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in

accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any

Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

18

7

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER

7.1

If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from

the Bondholder or a coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation

starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

7.2

A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney or other proof of

authorisation to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held

by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in

relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the

Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of

a further power of attorney.

7.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7.2 and may assume that

it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is

in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has

actual knowledge to the contrary.

8

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in

respect of a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these

Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder

on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or

to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to

receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

8.2

If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest

or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will

be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be

transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on

the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other

obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such

amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Bondholders on the relevant

Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

8.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment,

such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9.4 during such postponement.

8.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the

CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether

such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

8.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with

the Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the

extent required by law).

8.6

All amounts payable by the Issuer to the Bondholders shall be made without

withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of

whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden or any authority thereof

19

or therein unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation or the interpretation or application of such laws or regulations. If such withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will at the request of the relevant Bondholder pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as are necessary in order that the net amount received by the relevant Bondholder, after such withholding or deduction, shall be equal to the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction.

8.7

Notwithstanding Clause 8.6, no Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any

taxes or duties which:

(a) are payable by reason of any relevant person having, or having had, some connection with Sweden other than the mere holding of the Bond(s);

(b) would not be payable if a relevant person made a declaration of non residence or similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority;

(c) would not be payable if a relevant person could claim an exemption under a tax treaty;

(d) are withheld or deducted pursuant to any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income or any provision of law implementing or complying with such Directive or Regulation; or

(e) gives rise to a tax credit that may be effectively used by a relevant person.

9

INTEREST

9.1

Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from

(but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

9.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds

shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date

for the preceding Interest Period.

9.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest

Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days

basis).

9.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its

due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding)

the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two

(2) percentage points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not

be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely

attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

10 REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS
10.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.

20

10.2 10.3 10.3.1
10.3.2

Purchase of Bonds by the Issuer
The Issuer and any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled.
Voluntary total redemption (American call options)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full:
(a) any time prior to the First Call Date, at an amount per Bond equal to the Make Whole Amount;
(b) any time from and including the First Call Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 103.125 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(c) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty (30) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling thirty-six (36) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 102.1875 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(d) any time from and including the first Business Day falling thirty-six (36) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Business Day falling forty-two (42) months after the Issue Date at an amount per Bond equal to 101.25 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest;
(e) any time from and including the first Business Day falling forty-two (42) months after the Issue Date to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date at an amount per Bond equal to 100.625 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; and
(f) notwithstanding paragraph (e) above, provided that the redemption is partially financed by way of one or several Market Loan issues, at any time from and including the first Business Day falling six (6) months before the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice and not more than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.

21

10.4 Voluntary partial redemption upon an equity claw back (call option)

10.4.1

The Issuer may, on no less than ten (10) days' and no more than sixty (60) days' prior notice, in connection with an IPO Event use the net cash proceeds received by the Group from an equity offering or the equivalent amount of cash on balance sheet in an amount not exceeding forty (40) per cent. of the outstanding Total Nominal Amount towards repayment of Bonds at a price per Bond equal to 102 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

10.4.2

Partial redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.1 shall occur at any time from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling twentyfour (24) months after the Issue Date.

10.4.3

Partial redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.1 shall be applied pro rata between the Bondholders in accordance with the procedures of the CSD, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Bonds being redeemed shall be paid together with principal on such early Redemption Date, provided that such interest shall not be included in the calculation of the amount of Bonds the Issuer is permitted to repay in accordance with this provision.

10.5 Early redemption due to illegality and repurchase due to a tax event (call option)

10.5.1

The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to 100 per cent of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.

10.5.2

The Issuer may repurchase relevant Bonds if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, laws or regulations in Sweden, which amendment or change is effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer has or will become required to pay any Additional Amount in relation to such Bonds and this obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer. Each such affected Bond shall be repurchased at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

10.5.3 The applicability of Clause 10.5.1 or 10.5.2 shall be supported by a legal opinion issued by a reputable law firm.

10.5.4

The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 10.5.1 and repurchase pursuant to Clause 10.5.2 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem, or repurchase (in which case each relevant Bondholder is bound to sell), as the case may be, the Bonds in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.

10.6 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put options)

10.6.1

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be

22

repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.

10.6.2

Upon the occurrence of a Listing Failure Event, each Bondholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

10.6.3

The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1 and 10.6.2.

10.6.4

If Bondholders representing more than eighty-five (85) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Bonds held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1 or 10.6.2, send a notice to the remaining Bondholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity to request that Bonds held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6.4. The Redemption Date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 10.6.4.

10.6.5

The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.6 by virtue of the conflict.

10.6.6 Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.

10.6.7

The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.6, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.6 (or on terms more favourable to the Bondholders) and

23

10.6.8

purchases all Bonds validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Bonds tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Bonds within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
No repurchase of Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.6 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (American call options)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.

11 TRANSACTION SECURITY AND GUARANTEES
11.1 Subject to applicable limitation language and the Intercreditor Agreement, as continuing Encumbrance for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, pledges over all shares in each Material Subsidiary set out in Schedule 1 (Material Subsidiaries) are granted as Transaction Security to the Secured Parties (represented by the Security Agent) under the Security Documents.
11.2 The Issuer shall procure that all shares in any Group Company are pledged to the Secured Parties as continuing Encumbrance for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, immediately upon the Group Company acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement.
11.3 Subject to applicable limitation language and the Intercreditor Agreement, each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally, as principal obligor (Sw. proprieborgen), guarantees to the Secured Parties the punctual performance by the Issuer of the Secured Obligations in accordance with and subject to the Guarantee Agreement.
11.4 The Issuer shall procure that any Subsidiary accedes to the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement as a Guarantor no later than ninety (90) days from the day that the Subsidiary meets the requirements for being a Material Subsidiary pursuant to these Terms and Conditions.
11.5 Provided that the Super Senior Representative has given its prior written consent, any Subsidiary of the Issuer may, upon request of the Issuer, accede to the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement as a Guarantor.
11.6 Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security or any Guarantee, creating further Encumbrance or Guarantees for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such actions or agreements are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.
11.7 For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties, the Agent may instruct the CSD in the name and on behalf of the Issuer to arrange for payments to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and change the bank account registered with the CSD and from which payments under the Bonds are made to another bank account. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide it with any such

24

11.8
11.9
11.10 11.11 11.12
11.13 11.14 11.15

documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the CSD), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under this Clause 11.7.
The Security Agent may at any time release Transaction Security and Guarantees in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, the Guarantee Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable). Any Transaction Security or Guarantee will always be released pro rata between the Secured Parties and the remaining Transaction Security and Guarantees will continue to rank between them as set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement.
Until the Final Discharge Date, the Security Agent shall (i) exercise any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it as Security Agent in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable) (or, if so instructed, refrain from exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it as Security Agent); and (ii) not be liable for any act (or omission) if it acts (or refrains from taking any action) in accordance with an instruction from the Secured Debt Agents.
Other than as expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions, and the Intercreditor Agreement (If applicable) no Secured Party may independently accelerate, seek payment and exercise other rights or powers to take Enforcement Actions under the Secured Finance Documents.
The Security Agent may refrain from enforcing the Transaction Security and/or Guarantees or from taking other Enforcement Actions unless instructed otherwise by the Instructing Party in accordance with in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable).
Subject to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees having become enforceable in accordance with their respective terms and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable), the Instructing Party may give or refrain from giving instructions to the Security Agent to enforce or refrain from enforcing the Transaction Security as they see fit, provided that the instructions are consistent with the Security Enforcement Objective.
The Security Agent is entitled to rely on and comply with instructions given in accordance with Clauses 11.9 to 11.15.
The Security Agent is not authorised to act on behalf of a Secured Party (without first obtaining that Party's, or, with respect to Bondholders, the Bonds Agent's, consent) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to any Secured Finance Document or, if applicable, the Intercreditor Agreement.
Upon an enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or Guarantees, the proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 and the Intercreditor Agreement.

12 INFORMATION TO BONDHOLDERS
12.1 Information from the Issuer
12.1.1 The Issuer shall make the following information available to the Bondholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer:

25

(a) as soon as the same becomes available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer for that financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;

(b) as soon as the same becomes available, but in any event within two (2) months after each Quarter Date, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer or, as applicable and at the frequency required by the applicable provisions of the Nasdaq Stockholm rulebook for issuers from time to time, the year-end report (Sw. bokslutskommunike) of the Group (the first report covering the period ending on 30 June 2018), prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles; and

(c) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.

12.1.2

The Issuer shall immediately notify the Bondholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure Event or a IPO Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change of Control Event. The Issuer shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice.

12.1.3

In connection with the publication of the on the website of the Issuer of the financial statements in accordance with Clause 12.1.1(a) - (b), the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate (i) containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it), (ii) containing a list of the Material Subsidiaries, (iii) attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Bond Loan is admitted to trading, and (iv) containing information about acquisitions or disposals, if any, of Bonds by a Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of Bonds cancelled by the Issuer.

The Issuer shall in connection with any Restricted Payment made pursuant to paragraph (b) of Clause 13.1.3, submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate containing details of the Restricted Payment made evidencing compliance with the Incurrence Test (and including calculations and figures in respect thereof).

12.2 Information from the Agent

12.2.1

The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.

12.2.2

If a committee representing the Bondholders' interests under the Finance Documents has been appointed by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders), the members of such committee may agree with the Issuer not to

26

disclose information received from the Issuer, provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of such members, is beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders. The Agent shall be a party to such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the members of the committee.

12.3 Information among the Bondholders

Upon the reasonable request by a Bondholder, but subject to applicable laws and regulations, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Bondholders any information from such Bondholder which relates to the Bonds. The Agent may require that the requesting Bondholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.

12.4 Publication of Finance Documents

12.4.1

The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.

12.4.2

The latest versions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Security Documents and all other Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.

13 GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
13.1 Restricted Payments
13.1.1 The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will:
(a) pay any dividends on shares prior to an IPO Event;
(b) repurchase any of its own shares;
(c) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity (Sw. bundet eget kapital) with repayment to shareholders;
(d) repay principal or pay interest under any loans from shareholders or Affiliates; or
(e) make other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) within the meaning of the Swedish Companies Act to its shareholders or Affiliates.
Events listed in paragraphs (a) - (e) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment").
13.1.2 Notwithstanding Clause 13.1.1 but subject to Clause 13.5 (Cash transfer restriction) and the Intercreditor Agreement, any Restricted Payment can be made if it is made:
(a) to the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary (on a pro rata basis if such Material Subsidiary is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer); or
(b) as a group contribution (Sw. koncernbidrag) provided that no cash is transferred.

27

13.1.3 Notwithstanding Clause 13.1.1, a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer after the occurrence of an IPO Event, if at the time of the Restricted Payment:
(a) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment;
(b) the Issuer successfully meets the requirements of the Incurrence Test (for the avoidance of doubt, on a pro forma basis taking into account such Restricted Payment); and
(c) the amount of the Restricted Payment does not exceed the Permitted Distribution Amount,
provided that any such paid out Permitted Distribution Amount shall decrease the Permitted Distribution Amount accordingly.
13.2 Changes of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on as of the Issue Date.
13.3 Market Loans
13.3.1 The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Companies:
(a) issue any Market Loans with scheduled or intended redemption, in full or in part, before the Final Maturity Date; or
(b) create or permit to subsist any Encumbrance (including guarantees) in respect of Market Loans.
13.3.2 The Issuer shall procure that no other Group Company issues any Market Loan.
13.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the other Group Companies shall, incur any new, or maintain or prolong any existing, Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to incur, maintain and prolong any Financial Indebtedness which constitutes Permitted Debt.
13.5 Cash transfer restriction
The Issuer shall procure that no cash or cash equivalent assets are transferred from any Group Company to the Issuer unless such transfer is made for the purpose of satisfying an obligation of the Issuer or making a Restricted Payment which is due within four (4) months from such transfer.
13.6 Clean down period
The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year, there shall be a period of five (5) consecutive days during which the amount outstanding (excluding any guarantee facilities) under the New Overdraft Facility, less cash of the Group, amounts to zero (0) or less. Not less than six (6) months shall elapse between two such periods. The clean down period shall be confirmed in the Compliance Certificate provided in connection with each annual report provided pursuant to Clause 12.1.1(a).
28

13.7

Disposal of assets

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of any business, assets, operations or shares in Subsidiaries other than disposals (in no event being a disposal of shares in a Material Subsidiary):

(a) between the Issuer and any Material Subsidiary or between Material Subsidiaries;

(b) between Group Companies (other than the Issuer) that are not Material Subsidiaries;

(c) from a Group Company (other than the Issuer) that is not a Material Subsidiary to the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary, provided that such transaction is on arm's length, or more favourable, terms for the Material Subsidiary or the Issuer (as applicable);

(d) for cash, in the ordinary course of trading of the disposing entity;

(e) of obsolete and redundant assets;

(f) in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and quality; or

(g) of any business, assets or shares in Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted by paragraphs (a) - (g)above, provided that the aggregate fair market value of the assets subject to such disposals shall not exceed five (5) per cent. of the gross assets or EBITDA of the Group in any calendar year,

provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect and that the disposal is made subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and, in respect of paragraph (d) (g) above, that the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on arm's length terms. The Issuer shall upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to any disposal made pursuant to paragraph (g) above which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably).

13.8 Negative pledge

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the other Group Companies, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, extend or renew any guarantee or Encumbrance over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that each of the Group Companies has a right to create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, extend and renew any Permitted Security.

13.9 Admission to trading of Bonds

The Issuer shall (i) use its best efforts to ensure that the Bonds are listed on the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date; and (ii) ensure that the Bonds, once admitted to trading on the corporate Bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), continue being listed thereon but no longer than up to and including the last day on which the admission to trading reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) and the CSD, subsist.

29

13.10 Pari Passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Bonds at all times rank at least pari passu with all its other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations, except for (i) the obligations of EuroFlorist AB under the New Overdraft Facility (as applicable) and, (ii) those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them. 13.11 Intellectual property The Issuer shall (and shall ensure that all other Group Companies) (i) preserve and maintain all intellectual property material to conduct the business of the Group, (ii) use reasonable endeavours to prevent infringement in any material respect of any intellectual property, and (iii) take all measures to ensure that intellectual property remains valid and in full force and effect. 13.12 Compliance with laws The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market applicable to the Issuer from time to time, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by each Group Company. 13.13 Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement 13.13.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent; (b) indemnify the Agent for all costs, losses or liabilities; (c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to
be delivered to the Agent; and (d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to
terminate the Agency Agreement. 13.13.2 The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency
Agreement without the prior consent of the Bondholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders (provided that any reasonable change in fees payable to the Agent shall not be considered detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders). 13.14 CSD related undertakings The Issuer shall at all times keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations.
30

14 INCURRENCE TEST
14.1 Definitions
For the purpose of this Clause 14, the following terms shall have the meaning set out below.
"EBITDA" means, for the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report:
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any member of the Group;
(b) before deducting any Net Interest Payable;
(c) before taking into accountany Transaction Costs and any transaction costs relating to any acquisition of a business or entity;
(d) before taking into account any restructuring costs up to an amount equal to ten (10) per cent. of EBITDA, provided that such costs have been certified, based on reasonable assumptions, by the chief financial officer of the Group;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group;
(i) minus any gain arising from any purchase of Bonds by a Group Company;
(j) after adding any amounts claimed under loss of profit, business interruption or equivalent insurance; and
(k) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets (including any amortisation or impairment of any goodwill arising on any acquisition).
"Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of Net Debt to EBITDA, calculated in accordance with Clause 14.3 (Calculation of Leverage Ratio).
"Net Debt" means on a Group consolidated basis (i) the aggregate amount of all interest-bearing obligations (excluding Financial Indebtedness under Bonds held by the Issuer) (including financial lease obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases) less (ii) freely available cash in hand or at a bank and short-term, highly liquid investments that are immediately convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
31

"Net Interest Payable" means for any twelve (12) month period ending on the last day of the period covered by the financial statements as of the most recent Quarter Date, calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles, the aggregate of all financial expenses for the Group (not including interest on Bonds held by the Issuer):

(a) minus all financial income (whether or not paid); and

(b) taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments and financial instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.

"Quarter Date" means the last day of each quarter of the Issuer's financial year.

14.2 Incurrence Test

The Incurrence Test is met if the Leverage Ratio (adjusted in accordance with Clause 14.4 (Calculation Adjustments)) does not exceed 3.00:1 for the relevant test period.

14.3 Calculation of Leverage Ratio

Leverage Ratio shall be calculated as follows:

(a) the calculation shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two (2) months prior to the payment of the relevant Restricted Payment; and

(b) the amount of Net Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but be increased by any Restricted Payment for which the Leverage Ratio is tested.

14.4 Calculation Adjustments

14.4.1

The figures for EBITDA set out in the financial statements as of the most recent Quarter Date (including when necessary, financial statements published before the Issue Date), shall be used, but adjusted so that:

(a) entities acquired or disposed (i) during a test period or (ii) after the end of the test period but before the relevant testing date, will be included or excluded (as applicable) pro forma for the entire test period (for the avoidance of doubt, EBITDA of any acquired entity shall be calculated in accordance with the definition of EBITDA); and

(b) the pro forma calculation of EBITDA takes into account net cost savings and other cost reduction synergies, which has been certified, based on reasonable assumptions, by the chief financial officer of the Group, in any financial year in aggregate not exceeding ten (10) per cent. of Group EBITDA (including all acquisitions made during the relevant financial year), as the case may be, realisable for the Group within twelve (12) months from the acquisition as a result of acquisitions of entities referred to in paragraph (a) above.

14.4.2

The figures for Net Interest Payable set out in the financial statements as of the most recent Quarter Date (including when necessary, financial statements published before the Issue Date), shall be used, but adjusted so that Net Interest Payable for such period shall be:

32

(a) reduced by an amount equal to the Net Interest Payable directly attributable to any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or of any other Group Company repaid, repurchased, defeased or otherwise discharged with respect to the Issuer and the continuing Group Companies with the proceeds from disposals of entities referred to in Clause 14.4.1(a) (or, if the Financial Indebtedness is owed by a Group Company that is sold, the Net Interest Payable for such period directly attributable to the Financial Indebtedness of such Group Company to the extent the Issuer and the continuing Group Companies are no longer liable for such Financial Indebtedness after such sale);

(b) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Payable directly attributable to (i) any Financial Indebtedness owed by acquired entities referred to in 14.4.1(a), and (ii) any Financial Indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition of such entities (however, excluding utilisations under the Super Senior Facility made for the purpose of financing such acquisitions), in each case calculated as if all such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant test period; and

(c) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Payable directly attributable to any Financial Indebtedness incurred, calculated as if such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant test period.

14.4.3

Any lease entered into by a Group Company which would have been classified as an operating lease for accounting purposes under the Accounting Principles as at the Issue Date shall for the purposes of calculating the Incurrence Test continue to be treated as an operating lease in accordance with such Accounting Principles.

15 ACCELERATION OF THE BONDS
15.1 Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 15.5, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents, if any of the following events occur:
(a) Non payment
The Issuer does not pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error, and
(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date.

33

(b) Other obligations
The Issuer or any Guarantor fails to comply with or in any other way acts in violation of the Finance Documents to which such non-compliant entity is a party, in any other way than as set out in paragraph (a) (Non-Payment), above and the undertakings set out above under the section titled "Admission to trading of the Bonds") unless the non-compliance
(i) is capable of remedy, and
(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the relevant Group Company becoming aware of the non-compliance.
(c) Invalidity
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Document or the Encumbrance created or expressed to be created thereby is varied (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents) or ceases to be effective and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect (directly or indirectly) on the interests of the Bondholders.
(d) Cross payment default and cross acceleration
(i) Any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period (if there is one) or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); or
(ii) any commitment for a Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is cancelled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default however described,
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to under items (i) to (ii) above, individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 5,000,000.
(e) Insolvency
(i) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts or is declared bankrupt under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under the Terms and Conditions or otherwise under the Secured Debt) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary.
34

(f) Insolvency proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (A) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (B), in relation to the Issuer's Subsidiaries (other than any Material Subsidiary), solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, bankruptcy, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary.
(g) Creditors' process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 1,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) calendar days.
(h) Mergers and demergers
A decision is made that:
(i) any Group Company (other than the Issuer) shall be merged or demerged with a company which is not a Group Company, unless (A) if such Group Company is the surviving entity, such merger or demerger does not have a Material Adverse Effect or (B) if such Group Company is not the surviving entity, it is not a Material Subsidiary and such merger or demerger would have been allowed pursuant to Clause 13.7 (Disposal of assets); or
(ii) the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary shall be merged with any other person, or is subject to a demerger, unless the Issuer or the Material Subsidiary (as applicable) is the surviving entity and that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
(i) Cessation of the business
The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases to carry on its business (except if due to a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 13.7 (Disposal of assets).
15.2 The Agent may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
35

15.3 The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (and in respect of a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure and an IPO Event, also the Bondholders) (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
15.4 The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, decide if the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement.
15.5 If the Bondholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall, provided that the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement have been complied with, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
15.6 If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
15.7 In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at an amount:
(a) if the acceleration occurs prior to the First Call Date, equal to 104.6875 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest; or
(b) if the acceleration occurs on or after the First Call Date, equal to the redemption amount specified under Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (American call options)), as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs.
16 DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
16.1 All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15 (Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees, or otherwise received under the Security Documents, shall be
36

distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement:
(a) firstly, in or towards payment pro rata of unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Security Agent;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent, the Super Senior Representative and the Agent;
(c) thirdly, towards payment pro rata of accrued interest unpaid under the Super Senior Facility;
(d) fourthly, towards payment pro rata of principal under the Super Senior Facility Documents and any other costs or outstanding amounts under the Super Senior Facility Documents;
(e) fifthly, towards payment pro rata of accrued interest unpaid under the Senior Debt (interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(f) sixthly, towards payment pro rata of principal under the Senior Debt;
(g) seventhly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under these Terms and Conditions;
(h) eighthly, after the Final Discharge Date, towards payment pro rata of accrued interest unpaid and principal under the Intercompany Debt; and
(i) ninthly, after the Final Discharge Date, in payment of the surplus (if any) to the relevant ICA Group Company or other person entitled to it.
16.2 If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 16.1(a), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16.1(a).
16.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security and/or the Guarantees shall constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must promptly be turned over to the Security Agent to be applied in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement.
16.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. The notice from the Issuer or the Agent shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.
37

17 DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
17.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
17.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
17.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws or regulations.
17.4 Should the Agent not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 17.3 being applicable, the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the convening Bondholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds in order to convene and hold the Bondholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
17.5 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance with Clause 19.1, in both cases with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with the notice or the communication.
17.6 Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to act on behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 18.2, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
38

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.2, in respect of a Written Procedure,
(c) may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the Adjusted Nominal Amount. Such Business Day specified pursuant to paragraph(a) or (b) above must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the notice or communication, as the case may be.
17.7 The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least sixty-six and two thirds (66%) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.2:
(a) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1 and Clauses 2.5 to 2.8;
(b) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Bond pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase of the Bonds);
(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;
(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds);
(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 17;
(f) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;
(g) a release of the Transaction Security or Guarantees, except in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents;
(h) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities;
(i) a replacement of the Agent in accordance with Clause 17.5; and
(j) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 15 (Acceleration of the Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
17.8 Any matter not covered by Clause 17.7 shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.2. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1(a), (b) or (c)) or an acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of any T ransaction Security.
17.9 Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 17.7, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
39

17.10
17.11 17.12 17.13 17.14 17.15 17.16

(a) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives or otherwise votes without attending); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
(c) If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Bondholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 17.10, the date of request of the second Bondholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 18.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 19.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.9 shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy

40

17.17

of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to each person registered as a Bondholder on the date referred to in Clause 17.6(a) or 17.6(b), as the case may be, and also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

18 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING
18.1 The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
18.2 The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders and the background of such request), (iv) the Business Day on which a person must be Bondholder in order to exercise Bondholders' rights at the Bondholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
18.3 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
18.4 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

19 WRITTEN PROCEDURE
19.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
19.2 A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the

41

request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
19.3 When consents from Bondholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17.7 and 17.8 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.7 or 17.8, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

20 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
20.1 Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer, the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) and Security Agent (as it is party to the Security Documents) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) the Agent is satisfied that such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders as a group;
(b) such amendment or waiver is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(c) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders).
20.2 The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
20.3 The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 12.4 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
20.4 An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.

21
21.1 21.1.1

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT AND THE SECURITY AGENT
Appointment of the Agent and the Security Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder:
(a) appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically

42

required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer; and

(b) appoints the Security Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Transaction Security, the Security Documents, the Guarantees and the Guarantee Agreement, including any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security or a Guarantee and acknowledges and agrees that the rights, obligations, role of and limitation of liability for the Security Agent will be further regulated in the Intercreditor Agreement (if applicable).

21.1.2

Except as otherwise provided for or contemplated in a Security Document, the Security Agent will represent the Secured Parties in inter alia, holding the Transaction Security and the Guarantees pursuant to the Security Documents and the Guarantee Agreement, and where relevant, enforcing the Encumbrance under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of the Secured Parties.

21.1.3

Each Bondholder (by subscribing or, as applicable, acquiring Bonds), the Agent and Security Agent (by executing these Terms and Conditions) instructs and authorises the Security Agent to enter into the Dutch Security Documents and acknowledges the acceptance by the Security Agent of the benefit of the parallel debt undertakings and provisions relating thereto, as included in the Dutch Security Documents.

21.1.4

By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent and the Security Agent to act on its behalf, as set forth in Clauses 21.1.1 and 21.1.2.

21.1.5

Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney or other proof of authorisation (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

21.1.6

The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

21.1.7

The Agent and the Security Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as agent or security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.

21.1.8

The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

43

21.1.9

The Issuer appoints the Security Agent to act as representative (Dk. fuldmægtig og repræsentant) on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders pursuant to Chapter 4 cf. Section 1(3) of the Danish Capital Markets Act (Dk. Lov om kapitalmarkeder) as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. The Security Agent accepts such appointment. The Security Agent shall be registered with the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Dk. finanstilsynet) in accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act and the Issuer and the Security Agent shall provide all information required by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority. The Security Agent shall receive and hold any security interest created or purported to be created under any of the Security Documents governed or purported to be governed by Danish law (whether agreed in contract or implied pursuant to conflict of law rules) and the Security Agent shall enter into and enforce such documents on behalf of and for the benefit of the Bondholders.

21.2 Duties of the Agent and the Security Agent

21.2.1

The Security Agent will represent the Secured Parties in inter alia, holding the Encumbrance under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of itself and the Bondholders, and where relevant, enforcing the Encumbrance under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of itself and the Bondholders.

21.2.2

The Agent and the Security Agent is not responsible for the content, valid execution, creation, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the validity or perfection of the T ransaction Security. The Agent or the Security Agent does not review any documents or evidence from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders. The Agent or the Security Agent is never acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.

21.2.3

The Agent's and the Security Agent duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent and the Security Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents.

21.2.4

The Agent and the Security Agent is not obliged to actively assess or monitor (i) the financial condition of the Issuer or any Group Company, (ii) the compliance by the Issuer or a Guarantor of the Finance Documents (unless expressly set out in the Finance Documents) or (iii) whether an Event of Default (or any event that may lead to an Event of Default) has occurred or not.

21.2.5

The Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions of the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, (i) the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders and (ii) the Security Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Bondholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.

21.2.6

The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties without having to first obtain any consent from the Issuer or the Bondholders, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.

21.2.7 The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be

44

required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

21.2.8

The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties as agent or security agent under the Finance Documents and/or related documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default. (iii) in a matter relating to the Issuer, the Transaction Security or the Guarantees which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents or (iv) as otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution of proceeds).

21.2.9

The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

21.2.10 Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

21.2.11 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent and the Security Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

21.2.12 If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer or the Bondholders (as applicable), the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Encumbrance has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

21.2.13 The Agent shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.12.

21.3 Limited liability for the Agent and the Security Agent

21.3.1

The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss.

21.3.2

The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.

45

21.3.3

The Agent and the Security Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Security Agent or paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent and the Security Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent or the Security Agent for that purpose.

21.3.4

The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Agent when acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders or a demand by Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents.

21.3.5

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.

21.4 Replacement of the Agent and the Security Agent

21.4.1

Subject to Clause 21.4.6 and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent and the Security Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer, the Bondholders and, as applicable, to the Secured Parties, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent or Security Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.

21.4.2

Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

21.4.3

A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.

21.4.4

If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent or Security Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent or the Security Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent or Security Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

21.4.5

The retiring Agent or Security Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent or Security Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent or Security Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent or Security Agent under the Finance Documents.

21.4.6 The Agent's and the Security Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent or Security Agent and acceptance by such

46

21.4.7 21.4.8

successor Agent or Security Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent or Security Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent or Security Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent or Security Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent or Security Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent or Security Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents, transfer rights and obligations (including any rights under or in respect of the Parallel Debt (as defined in any relevant Dutch Security Document) and take such (other) actions as the new Agent or Security Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent or Security Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent or Security Agent and releasing the retiring Agent or Security Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent or Security Agent agree otherwise, the new Agent or Security Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent or Security Agent.

22 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
22.1 The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
22.2 The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
22.3 The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

23 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
23.1 The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations applicable to the Bonds.
23.2 The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds on the Regulated Market. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (Sw.

47

lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
24 NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS
24.1 A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any Guarantor or with respect to the Transaction Security or the Guarantees to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or any Guarantor in relation to any of the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent and , as applicable, the Security Agent.
24.2 Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.5), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.12, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.13 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.
24.3 The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.6 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event (put options)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
25 PRESCRIPTION
25.1 The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
25.2 If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
48

26 NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
26.1 Notices

26.1.1 Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:

(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address specified on its website www.nordictrustee.se on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;

(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address specified on its website www.euroflorist.com/corporate.html on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and

(c) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery (to the extent possible) or letter for all Bondholders. A Notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.

26.1.2

Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Issuer and the Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 26.1.1, or, in case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient.

26.1.3 Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.

26.1.4 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.

26.2 Press releases

26.2.1

Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 5.5, 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (American call options)), 10.4 (Early redemption due to illegality and repurchase due to a tax event (call option)), 12.1.2, 15.3, 17.17, 18.1, 19.1 and 20.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

26.2.2

In addition to Clause 26.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

49

27 FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
27.1 Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
27.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
27.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
27.4 The provisions in this Clause 27 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
28 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
28.1 These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
28.2 The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt). The submission to the jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm shall however not limit the right of the Agent (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
50

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Ha/mo
Date: J u O t
EUROFLORIST INTRESSENTER AB (publ)
as Issuer
Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Date:
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ)
as Agent

Name:

Name:

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Date:
EUROFLORIST INTRESSENTER AB (publ)
as Issuer

Name:

Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Sfackhc/m
Date:
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ)

Na» s f e ffer Andersson V D /G E O

Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place: S h tk h o h ri

Date:

J(jr)

^

Name:
Christoffor Andersson VD ' C EO

Schedule 1 Material Subsidiaries

EuroFlorist Holding AB EuroFlorist Sverige AB EuroFlorist AB EuroFlorist Norge AS EuroFlorist A/S EuroFlorist Nederland B.V. EuroFlorist Europe B.V. eFlorist Limited

Sweden

556675-9725

Sweden

556200-4431

Sweden

556391-9181

Norway

943 519 668

Denmark

16314048

Netherlands

01062931

Netherlands

34084257

United Kingdom 00434807

Schedule 2 Conditions Precedent for Settlement of Bonds
1. The Issuer
(a) Copies of the constitutional documents of the Issuer.
(b) A copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer:
(i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents to which the Issuer is to be a party and resolving that it execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Finance Documents and all related documents to which it is or will become a party;
(ii) authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party on its behalf; and
(iii) authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all other documents and notices to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
2. Finance Documents
(a) A duly executed copy of the Bonds Terms and Conditions.
(b) A duly executed copy of the Agency Agreement.
(c) A duly executed Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and evidence that the security interests thereunder have been duly perfected in accordance with the terms thereof.
3. Other Documents and evidence
A duly executed affiliation agreement made between the Issuer and the CSD and evidence that the Bonds will be registered with the CSD.

Schedule 3 Conditions Precedent for Release of Escrow
1. The Guarantors
(a) Copies of the constitutional documents of each Guarantor.
(b) A copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other relevant corporate body of each Guarantor: (i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents to which the Issuer is to be a party and resolving that it execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Finance Documents and all related documents to which it is or will become a party; (ii) authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party on its behalf;
(iii) authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all other documents and notices to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
(iv) and authorising the Issuer to act as its agent in relation to the Secured Finance Documents.
2. Finance Documents
(a) A duly executed copy of the Guarantee Agreement.
(b) An agreed form Intercreditor Term Sheet. (c) Any other Finance Documents duly executed by the parties thereto.
3. Security Documents
A copy of the Security Documents duly executed by the parties thereto and relating to:
(a) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Holding AB; (b) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist AB; (c) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Sverige AB;
(d) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Norge AS; (e) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist A/S; (f) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Nederland B.V.; (g) all the shares issued in EuroFlorist Europe B.V.;
(h) all the shares issued in eFlorist Limited; and (i) any other documents pursuant to which Transaction Security is provided.

4. Perfection of security
Copies of any notices or documents required to be given or executed under the terms of the Security Documents and evidence that all other actions required or advisable under those Security Documents in order to perfect the security interests under each Security Document have been fulfilled.
5. Legal Opinion
(a) A legal opinion of Hogan Lovells International LLP, Amsterdam, legal advisers to the Arranger as to Dutch law;
(b) A legal opinion of Hogan Lovells International LLP, London, legal advisers to the Arranger as to English law.
6. Other documents and evidence
(a) The Existing Senior Debt Repayment Instructions (including duly executed release letter(s) from SEB under the Existing Senior Debt.
(b) Evidence that the Existing Overdraft Facility will be cancelled on the Completion Date and that the Encumbrance and guarantees in respect of the Existing Overdraft Facility have been, or will be, discharged upon such cancellation, including a duly executed release letter from the creditor under the Existing Overdraft Facility.
(c) A funds flow statement.
(d) A Compliance Certificate duly executed (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent) from the Issuer certifying that so far as the Issuer is aware no Event of Default is continuing.
(e) Copies of such other documents and information as is agreed between the Agent and the Issuer.

To: From: Date:

Schedule 4 Form of Compliance Certificate
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) EuroFlorist Intressenter AB (publ) [dote]

Dear Sir/Madame,

Terms and Conditions for EuroFlorist Intressenter AB (publ) -SEK 280,000,000 senior secured and guaranteed floating rate bonds (the "Terms and Conditions")

1.

We refer to the Terms and Conditions. This is a Compliance Certificate [for the purpose

of Clause 14 (Incurrence Test). [The Issuer contemplated to make a Restricted

Payment].] Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions have the same meaning when

used in this Compliance Certificate.

2.

This compliance certificate relates to:

Test date:

[DATE]

Test period (the "Test Period"): [PERIOD]

3.

We confirm that no Event of Default has occurred. [If this statement cannot be made,

the certificate should identify any Event of Default that has occurred and the steps

taken to remedy it.]

4.

We confirm that the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio (the "Leverage Ratio") for the Test

Period was [RATIO].

5.

The calculation of the Leverage Ratio in item 4 above is based on the following figures:

Net Debt:

[·]

EBITDA:

[·]

6.

We confirm that the Group Companies set out below are the Material Subsidiaries of

the Group: [list of Material Subsidiaries].

7.

[We hereby confirm that we have complied with the undertaking in Clause 13.6 (Clean

down period) of the Terms and Conditions during the previous calendar year.]1

[Copies of our latest annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer are published on our website [address].]

[Copies of our latest quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group are published on our website [address].]

1To be included in the first Compliance Certificate issued in each calendar year, starting from 31 March 2019.

[Find attached copies of notices sent by us to [the Regulated Market on which the Loan Bond is admitted to trading] since the date of the latest Compliance Certificate submitted by us to you.] [Information about acquisitions or disposals, if any, of Bonds by a Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of Bonds cancelled by the Issuer.]
Yours faithfully, EUROFLORIST INTRESSENTER AB (publ)

Name:

Name:

