EXECUTION VERSION
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OREXO AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 500,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE
BONDS 2017/2021
ISIN: SE0010494450
First Issue Date: 13 November 2017 The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes
are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S.
persons other than QIBs.
Gernandt &Danielsson

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION....................................................................3 2 THE AMOUNT, SUBSEQUENT BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE
PAYMENTS............................................................................................................ 14 3 STATUS OF THE BONDS......................................................................................14 4 USE OF PROCEEDS.............................................................................................15 5 THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY................................................................ 15 6 BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM.......................................................................... 16 7 RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER.............................................17 8 PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS......................................................... 17 9 INTEREST.............................................................................................................. 18 10 REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND PREPAYMENT...........................................18 11 FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS............................................................................... 20 12 SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS.................................................................................. 21 13 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE FIRST ISSUE DATE.................................. 25 14 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR FIRST DISBURSEMENT................................ 25 15 CONDITION SUBSEQUENT................................................................................. 26 16 TERMINATION OF THE BONDS........................................................................... 26 17 DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS........................................................................... 29 18 DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS......................................................................... 30 19 BONDHOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................. 33 20 WRITTEN PROCEDURE....................................................................................... 34 21 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS............................................................................ 34 22 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT..................................... 35 23 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT...................... 39 24 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD.......................................... 39 25 NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS........................................................39 26 TIME-BAR...............................................................................................................40 27 NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES...................................................................... 40 28 FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY........................................... 41 29 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION..............................................................41
2
D-2847800-v1

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OREXO AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 500,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS
2017/2021 ISIN: SE0010494450

1

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (i) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect o f the supply o f assets or services and payment is due not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the date of supply, or (ii) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose o f this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the Bondholders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the other Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden).

"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.

3
D-2847800-v1

"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.
"Bond Issue" means the Initial Bond Issue and any Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Bondholder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Bondholders'Meeting).
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date;
(b) 102.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date;
(d) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the date falling forty-five (45) months after the First Issue Date; and
(e) 100.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling forty-five (45) months after the First Issue Date up to (but excluding) the Final Redemption Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons (other than Novo) acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty
4
D-2847800-v1

(50.00) per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, (ii) if provided in connection with a Financial Report being made available, that the Maintenance Test is met, and (iii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 14.1.
"Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13 (Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date).
"Condition Subsequent" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 15.1.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (e) of the definition "Permitted Debt".
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any exceptional items which are not in line with the ordinary course of business;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs;
(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests; 5
D-2847800-v1

(i) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of Group Companies.
"Escrow Account" means the Issuer's bank account with account number 13070124143 held by the Issuer with the Escrow Bank which has been pledged under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Agent on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent).
"Escrow Bank" means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial (reg. no. 516401-9811).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 16.1.
"Existing Bonds" means the net outstanding amount (being SEK 342,000,000 which excludes bonds held by the Issuer) under the Issuer's SEK 1,000,000,000 senior unsecured callable floating rate bonds 2014/2018 with ISIN SE0005932159.
"Final Redemption Date" means 13 November 2021.
"Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Finance Lease" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness".
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles as applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability) (a "Finance Lease"), and for the avoidance of doubt, any leases treated as operating leases under the Accounting Principles as applicable on the First Issue Date shall not, regardless of any subsequent changes or amendments of the Accounting Principles, be considered as finance or capital leases (the "Operational Lease Freeze");
6
D-2847800-v1

(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing (including any forward sale or purchase agreement);
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account);
(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect o f a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above paragraphs (a) to (f).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports ofthe Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 12.11.1 (Financial reporting etcetera).
"First Call Date" means the date falling twenty-four (24) months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"First Issue Date" means 13 November 2017.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Incurrence Test" means the ratios specified in Clause 11.2 (Incurrence Test).
"Initial Bond Issue" means the issuance of Bonds on the First Issue Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" means SEK 1,000,000.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clause 9 (Interest).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 13 February, 13 May, 13 August and 13 November each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 13 February 2018 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the First Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to
7
D-2847800-v1

their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + 4.50 per cent. per annum.
"Issue Date" means the First Issue Date and any other date on which Subsequent Bonds are issued.
"Issuer" means Orexo AB (publ) (reg. no. 556500-0600, P.O. Box 303, SE-751 05, Uppsala, Sweden).
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, (reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE103 91 Stockholm, Sweden) or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Maintenance Test" means the test set out in Clause 11.1 (Maintenance Test).
"Make Whole Amount" means an amount equal to the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 102.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining Interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Bondholders),
each calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50.00) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (together with accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount up to the relevant redemption date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than five (5.00) per cent. of either (i) the Total Assets (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA o f the Group according to the latest consolidated Financial Report.
8
D-2847800-v1

"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm Aktiebolag (reg. no. 556420-8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent and the sole bookrunner for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been redeemed, repurchased or prepaid in part pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption, repurchase and prepayment o f the Bonds).
"Novo" means Novo A/S (reg. no. 242576430).
"Operational Lease Freeze" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of the definition "Financial Indebtedness".
"Permitted Basket" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (k) of the definition "Permitted Debt".
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Finance Documents (including pursuant to any Subsequent Bond Issue, if such incurrence meets the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such incurrence));
(b) incurred under the Existing Bonds until repaid in full in accordance with Clause 4.2;
(c) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(d) taken up from a Group Company;
(e) arising under a derivative transaction entered into by a Group Company in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any derivative transaction which in itself is entered into for investment or speculative purposes) ("Derivative Transaction");
9
D-2847800-v1

(f) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds Financial Indebtedness, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, calculated pro forma including the acquired entity in question, however should the Incurrence Test not be met, a clean-up period of sixty (60) calendar days is permitted to unwind such Financial Indebtedness;
(g) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(h) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) meets the Incurrence Test (calculated pro forma including such incurrence), (ii) ranks pari passu with or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions and under the Agent Agreement and (iii) has a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
(i) of the Group under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(j) incurred under a credit facility for working capital purposes, in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding SEK 100,000,000 and incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business (the "Working Capital Facility"); and
(k) not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (j) above in an aggregate amount not at any time exceeding SEK 15,000,000 and incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business (all such Financial Indebtedness is together referred to as the "Permitted Basket").
"Permitted Security" means any guarantee or Security:
(a) provided in accordance with the Finance Documents;
(b) provided in relation to any agreement under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) or other premises provided that such lease constitutes Permitted Debt;
(c) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or Security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(d) provided in relation to a Derivative Transaction in the form of guarantees from other Group Companies or Cash or Cash Equivalents;
(e) provided by an entity acquired by a Group Company, provided that the debt secured or guaranteed with such Security or guarantee constitutes Permitted Debt in accordance with paragraph (f) of the definition "Permitted Debt", and, if applicable, following a repayment of such debt, that the Security or guarantee is released immediately after such repayment; and
(f) provided in relation to the Working Capital Facility or the Permitted Basket and not consisting of Security over shares in any Group Company or, if provided in relation
10
D-2847800-v1

to a Finance Lease which constitutes Permitted Debt, is granted only in the leased asset in question.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"QIB" means "Qualified Institutional Buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 17 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption, repurchase andprepayment o f the Bonds).
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding.
"Refinancing Proceeds" means the part of the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue to be used towards refinancing the Existing Bonds in full (reduced with the amount related to roll-over bonds) including accrued but unpaid interest and any applicable early redemption premium.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
11
D-2847800-v1

"SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no such rate as set out in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the rate calculated by the Issuing Agent (rounded upwards to four decimal places) which results from interpolating on a linear basis between (i) the applicable screen rate for the longest period (for which that screen rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period and (ii) the applicable screen rate for the shortest period (for which that screen rate is available) which exceeds that Interest Period, as of or around 11 a.m. on the Quotation Date; or
(c) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(d) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period,
and if the STIBOR rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero (0).
"Subsequent Bond" means any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" means Subsequent Bonds issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions after the First Issue Date.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (i) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (ii) otherwise controls more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (iii) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (iv) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the relevant Record Date for the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the
12
D-2847800-v1

relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth (1/12) of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.

"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (ii) the repayment of the Existing Bonds (iii) the listing of the Bonds on Nasdaq Stockholm.

"Working Capital Facility" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (j) of the definition "Permitted Debt".

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1 Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2 When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.

1.2.3 A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

13
D-2847800-v1

1.2.4 2 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5
2.6
2.7 2.8 2.9 2.10 3

No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT, SUBSEQUENT BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 500,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each at the Nominal Amount, or full multiples thereof.
The total Nominal Amount of the Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 325.000. 000. All Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0010494450.
The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1.000. 000, and integral multiples thereof.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the First Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions, amounting to in total up to the difference of SEK 500.000. 000 and the volume issued in the Initial Bond Issue, provided that:
(a) the Incurrence Test is met (calculated pro forma including the Subsequent Bond Issue); and
(b) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from (i) the expiry of a grace period, giving of notice, making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing or (ii) the issue of the Subsequent Bonds.
Subsequent Bonds shall be issued subject to the Finance Documents and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Redemption Date applicable to the Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue shall also apply to Subsequent Bonds.
The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at the Nominal Amount, at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreements.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among them.
14
D-2847800-v1

4

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Net Proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue shall be transferred to the Escrow Account by

the Issuing Agent. For the purpose of securing that the Conditions Precedent for First

Disbursement have been fulfilled before any disbursement of the Net Proceeds is made, the

Escrow Account will pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by

the Agent) in accordance with the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement. The pledge over the

Escrow Account shall be released when the Condition Subsequent set out in Clause 15

(Condition Subsequent) has been fulfilled and all payments from the Escrow Account have

been made.

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement, the Agent shall instruct

the Escrow Bank to transfer the Refinancing Proceeds standing to the credit of the Escrow

Account to be applied towards repayment in full of the Existing Bonds. Any residual

amounts standing to the credit o fthe Escrow Account shall be transferred upon fulfilment of

the Condition Subsequent to a bank account specified by the Issuer to be used for general

corporate purposes.

4.3

The proceeds from any Subsequent Bond Issue shall be used for general corporate purposes

(including acquisitions).

5

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

5.1

Each Bondholder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further

actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

5.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

5.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under the Finance Documents relating

to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

5.4 No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution o f any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

5.5

The Bonds have not been registered under the Securities Act and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration o fthe Bonds under the Securities Act or under any

other law or regulation.

5.6

The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors located in the United

States except for QIBs. In the application form relating to the Bonds, each person applying

for the Bonds must confirm whether it is a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation

S under the Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. person it must confirm, inter alia, that it is a

QIB.

15
D-2847800-v1

5.7

Bondholders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds except (a)

subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) to a person that the

Bondholder reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is

purchasing for its own account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that

the resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) outside the

United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to an

exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if

available) and (e) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the

Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other

evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in

compliance with the Securities Act.

5.8

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Bondholder which allegedly

has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

full rights as a Bondholder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

6

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

6.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and

no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance

with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

6.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise

have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and

Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

6.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

6.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written

Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register

kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information

from such debt register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent

shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to

the Agent.

6.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.

16
D-2847800-v1

6.6 At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to the Agent.

6.7

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use

the information referred to in Clause 6.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties

and exercising their rights in accordance with the Finance Documents and shall not disclose

such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

7

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A BONDHOLDER

7.1

If any Person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

of attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such Person.

7.2 A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a further power of attorney.

7.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clauses 7.1 and 7.2 and may assume

that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

8

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a

repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on

the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

8.2

If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any

other payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a

certain bank account; such deposits will be effectuated by the CSD on the relevant payment

date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the

address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on

behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effectuate payments as aforesaid,

the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as

Bondholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been

removed.

8.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 9.4 during such postponement.

8.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8 (Payments in respect o f

the Bonds), the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay,

17

D-2847800-v1

irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.

8.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the

secondary market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at

source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable

to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms

and Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.

9

INTEREST

9.1

The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but

excluding, the First Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any

Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the

Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the

relevant Redemption Date.

9.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall

be made quarterly in arrears to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the

preceding Interest Period.

9.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in

respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

9.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due

date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due date up

to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred (200) basis points

higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default

interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD,

in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

10

REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE AND PREPAYMENT

10.1 Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day and if permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention, and otherwise on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

10.2 The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds

Each Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled. However, Bonds held by the Issuer may be cancelled if made in connection with a full redemption of the Bonds.

18
D-2847800-v1

10.3 Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)

10.3.1

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

10.3.2

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

10.3.3

Redemption in accordance with Clauses 10.3.1 and 10.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment o fthe conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.

10.4 Voluntary partial prepayment (amortisation)

10.4.1

The Issuer may on one occasion during each twelve (12) months period (without carry-back or carry-forward) make partial prepayments of Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of ten (10.00) per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount per Bond at a price of one hundred and two (102.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount to be prepaid (provided that at least seventy-five (75.00) per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such prepayment), together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the prepaid amount.

10.4.2 Any such partial prepayment shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00).

10.4.3 The prepayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice o f the prepayment to the Agent and the Bondholders.

10.5 Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)

10.5.1

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each beneficial bondholder or direct registered owner (Sw. rättmätige innehavare eller direktregistrerad innehavare) shall have the right to request that all, but not only some, of its Bonds are repurchased and each nominee (Sw. förvaltare) shall have the right to request that all of its Bonds held, or only some, are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e). The thirty (30) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.

10.5.2

The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11.1(e) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a beneficial bondholder or direct registered owner and/or nominee needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a beneficial bondholder or direct registered owner and/or nominee has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person

19

D-2847800-v1

designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.11.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5.1.

10.5.3

The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.5, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.5 by virtue of the conflict.

10.5.4

Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled, provided that Bonds may only be cancelled if permitted under Clause 10.2 (The Group Companies 'purchase o fBonds).

10.6 Mandatory redemption due to failure to fulfil the Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement

10.6.1

If the Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement have not been fulfilled on or before sixty (60) calendar days following the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds at a price equal to one hundred (100.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest.

10.6.2 The Agent may partly fund the redemption with the amounts standing to the credit on the Escrow Account.

10.6.3

The redemption of the Bonds shall (i) be executed on the first Interest Payment Date (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD) and (ii) be made by the Issuer giving not less than ten (10) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Agent, where such notice shall state the relevant Interest Payment Date on which the redemption shall be made, the redemption amount and the relevant Record Date.

11 FINANCIAL UNDERTAKINGS

11.1 Maintenance Test

11.1.1 The Issuer shall procure that Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group at all times is at least SEK 50,000,000.

11.1.2

The Maintenance Test shall be tested quarterly on the basis of the Financial Report for the period covered by the relevant Reference Date and set out in the Compliance Certificate delivered in connection therewith.

11.1.3 The first test date for the maintenance Test shall be 31 December 2017.

11.2 Incurrence Test

11.2.1 The Incurrence Test is met if:

(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than two (2.00); and

(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio exceeds four (4.00),

both adjusted in accordance with Clauses 11.3 to 11.4 below.

20
D-2847800-v1

11.2.2 The Incurrence Test shall be applied in connection with:

(a) the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness; or

(b) a Restricted Payment being made,

until and including the Final Redemption Date.

11.3 Calculation of the Incurrence Test

11.3.1

The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one (1) month prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness or the payment of the relevant Restricted Payment (as applicable) which requires the Issuer to meet the Incurrence Test.

11.3.2

The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the Restricted Payment or the new Financial Indebtedness (as applicable), provided such Financial Indebtedness is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt).

11.3.3 The calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.

11.4 Adjustment to EBITDA

The figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:

(a) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period;

(b) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and

(c) the pro forma calculation of EBITDA takes into account the net cost savings and other reasonable synergies, as the case may be, realisable for the Group within twelve (12) months from the acquisition as a result of acquisitions and/or disposals of entities referred to in (a) and (b) above, provided that (i) the aggregate of such adjustments to EBITDA in respect of certain extraordinary or exceptional items made pursuant to paragraph (c) in the definition of "EBITDA" do not exceed an aggregate maximum amount of ten (10.00) per cent. of EBITDA for the relevant period; and (ii) such net cost savings and other reasonable synergies, as the case may be, have been confirmed by a reputable accounting firm and the Issuer has provided evidence thereof to the Agent.

12

SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS

So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.

21
D-2847800-v1

12.1 Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any shareholder loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (paragraphs (i) to (vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by
(a) any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to another Group Company and, if made by any of the Subsidiaries which is not directly or indirectly whollyowned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis; or
(b) by the Issuer, provided that (i) the Incurrence Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) is met and (ii) the aggregate amount o f all Restricted Payments of the Group in a financial year (including the Restricted Payment in question but excluding any Restricted Payment made in accordance with paragraph (a) above) does not exceed fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Group's consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year.
12.2 Listing of shares and Bonds
The Issuer shall ensure (i) that its shares continue being listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, (ii) that the Bonds issued under the Initial Bond Issue are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm no later than sixty (60) calendar days after the First Issue Date (with an intention to complete such listing within thirty (30) calendar days after the First Issue Date) or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market within sixty (60) calendar days after the First Issue Date, (iii) that the Bonds, once admitted to trading on the corporate bond list o f Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), continue being listed thereon (however, taking into account the rules and regulations o f Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption o fthe Bonds) and (iv) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on the corporate bond list ofNasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) promptly, and not later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the relevant Issue Date, is increased accordingly.
12.3 Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature o fthe business as carried out by the Group on the First Issue Date.
22
D-2847800-v1

12.4 12.5 12.6 12.7
12.8 12.9 12.10

Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, incur any new Financial Indebtedness, or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to incur, maintain and prolong Financial Indebtedness which constitute Permitted Debt.
Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or Security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
Clean down period
The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year, there shall be a period of five (5) consecutive calendar days during which the amount outstanding under the Working Capital Facility shall be zero (0). Not less than three (3) months shall elapse between two (2) clean down periods.
Disposals of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company or of all or substantially all of its or any Material Group Company's assets or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any such transaction and, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably).
Maintenance Test
The Issuer shall ensure that the Maintenance Test is met as long as any Bond is outstanding.
Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding when such shareholder is another Group Company) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders, at arm's length terms.
Compliance with laws etcetera
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (when applicable) or any other Regulated Market or unregulated market (when applicable) on which the Issuer's securities from time to time are listed, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.
23
D-2847800-v1

12.11 Financial reporting etcetera

12.11.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer (in English), including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;

(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited reports of the Issuer (in English), including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;

(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent (i) in connection with publishing a Financial Report, (ii) in connection with the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness (including through a Subsequent Bond Issue) or the payment of any Restricted Payment, which requires that the Incurrence Test is met and (iii) at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) calendar days from such request;

(d) keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including documents amending these Terms and Conditions) available on its website;

(e) promptly notify the Agent (and, as regards a Change of Control Event, the Bondholders) upon becoming aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or (ii) that an Event of Default (or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any termination or a combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default) has occurred, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice;

(f) prepare the Financial Reports referred to under paragraphs (a) and (b) above in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden); and

(g) provide any other information to the Agent required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time) and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm provided that such disclosure of information is not in violation of any applicable law.

12.11.2

The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 12.7 (Disposals o f assets) and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably) and (ii) a certificate from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out at fair market

24
D-2847800-v1

value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under paragraph (ii) above.

12.12 Agent Agreement

12.12.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:

(a) pay fees to the Agent;

(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;

(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and

(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.

12.12.2 The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Bondholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.

12.13 CSD related undertakings

The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time.

13

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE FIRST ISSUE DATE

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent the following documents prior to the First Issue Date:

(a) copies of constitutional documents of the Issuer;

(b) copies of necessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) of the Issuer; and

(c) executed copies of the Finance Documents including a copy of the executed notice to the Escrow Bank under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

14

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR FIRST DISBURSEMENT

14.1 The Agent's approval of the first disbursement of the Net Proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue from the Escrow Account is subject to the following documents being received by the Agent:

(a) a copy of a duly signed unconditional and irrevocable call notice for the repayment of the Existing Bonds, such repayment to take place no later than upon the disbursement of the Refinancing Proceeds from the Escrow Account (however, with due regard to the payment mechanisms of the CSD); and

(b) evidence, in the form of a duly signed unconditional and irrevocable payment instruction to be attached to the Agent's instruction to the Escrow Bank for release of

25
D-2847800-v1

Refinancing Proceeds, specifying that the Refinancing Proceeds to be released from the Escrow Account shall be used towards repayment of Existing Bonds in full.

14.2 When the Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement set out in Clause 14.1 above have been received by the Agent, the Agent shall instruct the Escrow Bank to release the Refinancing Proceeds to be applied towards repurchase of the Existing Bonds in full.

14.3 Notwithstanding Clauses 14.1 and 14.2, upon receiving a copy of a purchase order or similar document evidencing that the amount requested to be released from the Escrow Account shall be used in full towards repurchase of Existing Bonds, together with a confirmation that such repurchased Existing Bonds will either be retained until the final redemption date or cancelled, the Agent shall each time such evidence is received, release the applicable amount from the Escrow Account to be used by the Issuer towards such repurchase.

15

CONDITION SUBSEQUENT

15.1 The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Agent, showing that the Existing Bonds have been repaid in full or rolled-over into Bonds. Such evidence to be provided as soon as possible after the Conditions Precedent for First Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made.

15.2 The Agent shall, after the Condition Subsequent has been fulfilled, instruct the Escrow Bank to transfer any residual funds from the Escrow Account to a bank account specified by the Issuer, to be used for general corporate purposes and subsequently release the Security created pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

16

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

16.1 The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the second Business Day following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction or decision pursuant to Clause 16.6 or 16.7, on behalf of the Bondholders, terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Business Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration) and exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents, if:

(a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is due to technical or administrative error and is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date;

(b) Condition Subsequent: The Issuer has not provided the Agent with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonable), showing that the Condition Subsequent has been fulfilled not later than at the time set forth in Clause 15 (Condition Subsequent);

(c) Other obligations: The Issuer does not comply with the Finance Documents in any other way than as set out under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, unless the non compliance (i) is capable of being remedied and (ii) is remedied within fifteen (15) 26

D-2847800-v1

Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(d) Cross payment-default/Cross-acceleration:
(i) Any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default howsoever described under any document relating to Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company; or
(ii) any security interest securing Financial Indebtedness over any asset of any Material Group Company is enforced;
provided however that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to under paragraph (i) and/or (ii) above, individually or in the aggregate exceeds an amount corresponding to SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(e) Insolvency:
(i) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under these Terms and Conditions) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company;
(f) Insolvency proceedings: Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to the Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company;
(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company;
(g) Mergers and demergers: 27
D-2847800-v1

(i) A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;
(h) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) calendar days;
(i) Impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(j) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in 16.1 (g) above or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 12.7 (Disposals o f assets).
16.2 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Clause 16.1 (c) and (d) or, regarding any of the Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in Clause 16.1 (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under Clause 16.1 (e) above.
16.3 If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
16.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 16.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 16.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 16.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 16.
16.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 16.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist
28
D-2847800-v1

16.6
16.7 16.8 16.9 16.10 17 17.1

pursuant to the listing contract with the relevant Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from the relevant Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 16.4.
If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is an Event of Default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 16.1, the Agent shall (i) notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Bondholders of the Event of Default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Bondholders according to the provisions in Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders). If the Bondholders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Bondholders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default (or an event that may lead to an Event of Default).
If the Bondholders have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders) or instructed the Agent in accordance with Clause 16.1, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Bondholders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 16, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 16 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Bondholders' pursuant to Clause 16.1 or Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 16 the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to one hundred and five (105.00) per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are accelerated on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount for the relevant period (in each case plus accrued but unpaid interest).
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 16 (Termination o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
29
D-2847800-v1

(a) firstly, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities to the Agent relating to the termination of the Bonds or the protection of the Bondholders' rights under the Finance Documents, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.

17.2 If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 17.1, such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 17.1.

17.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds and/or enforcement of the Security created under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest bearing account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 17 as soon as reasonably practicable.

17.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 17, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.

18

DECISIONS BY BONDHOLDERS

18.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

18.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be 30

D-2847800-v1

made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
18.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Bondholders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
18.4 Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to act on behalfo fa Bondholder) from a Person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 20.3, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 20.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
18.5 The following matters shall require consent of Bondholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20.3:
(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings);
(b) a mandatory exchange of Bonds for other securities;
(c) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(e) amend the provisions in this Clause 18.5 or Clause 18.6.
18.6 Any matter not covered by Clause 18.5 shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 21.1 (a), (b) or (c), a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Security created under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement. 31
D-2847800-v1

18.7
18.8 18.9 18.10 18.11 18.12 18.13 18.14
18.15

Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least twenty (20.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount;
(a) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 19.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 20.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 18.7 shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites
32
D-2847800-v1

of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

19

BONDHOLDERS' MEETING

19.1 The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Bondholders' meeting has been requested by the Bondholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.

19.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 22.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1.

19.3 The notice pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the notice pursuant to Clause 19.1), (iv) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.

19.4 The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.

19.5 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Bondholders' Meeting within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Bondholders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Bondholders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.

19.6 At a Bondholders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Bondholders (or the Bondholders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The Bondholders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Bondholders' Meeting instead of the Bondholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Bondholder.

33
D-2847800-v1

19.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

20

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

20.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Bondholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.

20.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 20.1 to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.

20.3 A communication pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the communication pursuant to Clause 20.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 20.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

20.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Bondholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Bondholder provide the Bondholder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD.

20.5 When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clause 18.5 and 18.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 18.5 or 18.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

21

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

21.1 The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;

34
D-2847800-v1

(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Bondholders; or

(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders).

21.2 The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.

21.3 The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 21.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Terms and Conditions are available on the website of the Agent and the Issuer shall ensure that such amendments to the Terms and Conditions are available on the website of the Issuer. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD.

21.4 An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.

22 APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT

22.1 Appointment of Agent

22.1.1

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion), or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.

22.1.2

Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.

22.1.3

The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

22.1.4

The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's obligations as agent and security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
35

D-2847800-v1

22.1.5

The Agent may act as agent and/or security agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

22.2 Duties of the Agent

22.2.1

The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution, validity, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent. The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours. The Agent may charge the requesting Bondholder a reasonable administrative fee for making Finance Documents available.

22.2.2

Upon request by a Bondholder, the Agent may distribute to the Bondholders any information from such Bondholder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Bondholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent may upon request by a Bondholder disclose the identity of any other Bondholder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.

22.2.3

When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.

22.2.4 The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.

22.2.5

The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

22.2.6

The Agent shall, subject to Clause 27.2.2, be entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.

22.2.7

The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents or (iv) as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other

36
D-2847800-v1

recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution o fproceeds).

22.2.8

The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

22.2.9

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

22.2.10

If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

22.2.11

The Agent shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 22.2.10.

22.2.12 Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

22.3 Limited liability for the Agent

22.3.1

The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

22.3.2

The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts addressed to the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.

22.3.3

The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

22.3.4

The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clauses 16.1 (Termination o f the Bonds) and 19 (Decisions by Bondholders).

37
D-2847800-v1

22.3.5

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.

22.3.6

The Agent may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it under Clauses 13 (Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date) 14 (Conditions Precedentfor First Disbursement) 15 (Condition Subsequent) are accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Agent does not have to verify or assess the contents of any such documentation. The Agent does not review the documents and evidence referred to above from a legal or commercial perspective of the Bondholders.

22.4 Replacement of the Agent

22.4.1

Subject to Clause 22.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.

22.4.2

Subject to Clause 22.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent or becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

22.4.3

A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.

22.4.4

If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

22.4.5

The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.

22.4.6

The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.

22.4.7

Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action

38
D-2847800-v1

which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.

22.4.8

In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 22.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

23

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

23.1 The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.

23.2 The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

24

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

24.1 The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.

24.2 The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).

25

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY BONDHOLDERS

25.1 A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer or a Subsidiary under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.

25.2 Clause 25.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 22.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions 39

D-2847800-v1

25.3
26 26.1
26.2
27 27.1 27.1.1

is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 22.2.10, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 22.2.11 before a Bondholder may take any action referred to in Clause 25.1.
The provisions of Clause 25.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.
TIME-BAR
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been timebarred and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or to such address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or such address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time, or if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery (if practicable possible) or letter for all Bondholders, provided that the same means of communication shall be used for all Bondholders. A notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.

40
D-2847800-v1

27.1.2

Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 27.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 27.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 27.1.1.

27.1.3 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.

27.2 Press releases

27.2.1

Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6, 12.11.1 (e), 16.6, 17.4, 18.15, 19.1, 20.1, 21.3, 22.2.11 and 22.4.1 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

27.2.2

In addition to Clause 27.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice that the Agent may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

28

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

28.1 Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

28.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

28.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

28.4 The provisions in this Clause 28 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

29

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

29.1 These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.

41
D-2847800-v1

29.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Clause 29.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.
29.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Agent (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets. ***
42
D-2847800-v1

W e hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: OREXO AB (PUBL) as Issuer
H-OJiuk Q u u £ l.
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent Name:
42
D-2847800-vl

