Consilium AB (publ)
Prospectus regarding admission to trading of SEK 325,000,000 3 months STIBOR + 550 bps Notes 2012/2017
which may be increased up to SEK 400,000,000
Joint Bookrunners
N o rd ea® Swedbank

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
In this prospectus (the "Prospectus"), the "Issuer" or the "Company" means Consilium AB (publ) or, depending on the context, the group in which the Issuer currently is the parent company. The "Group" or "Consilium" means the Issuer with all its subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). The "Joint Bookrunners" refers to Nordea Bank AB (publ) ("Nordea") and Swedbank AB (publ) ("Swedbank").
"Euroclear Sweden" refers to Euroclear Sweden AB. "NASDAQ OMX" refers to NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB. "SEK" refers to Swedish kronor, "EUR" refers to Euro, "USD" refers to U.S. dollars and "GBP" refers to Great British pound.
Words and expressions defined in the terms and conditions of the Notes, which are included in this Prospectus at pages 26 to 48 (both inclusive) (the "Terms and Conditions") have the same meanings when used in this Prospectus, unless expressly stated or the context requires otherwise.
Notice to investors On 1 November 2012 (the "First Issue Date") the Issuer issued a note loan in an amount of SEK 325,000,000, represented by Notes (as defined below), each with a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount") (the "Initial Notes"). The Issuer may also at one or several occasions issue subsequent notes (the "Subsequent Notes" and together with the Initial Notes, the "Notes"). The maximum nominal amount of the Notes may not exceed SEK 400,000,000 unless a consent from the Noteholders is obtained pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. This Prospectus has been prepared for the listing of the Notes on NASDAQ OMX. This Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell Notes.
The Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the "SFSA") pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 2, Sections 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lagen (1991:980) om handel medfinansiella instrument) (the "Trading Act"). Approval and registration by the SFSA do not imply that the SFSA guarantees that the information provided in the Prospectus is correct and complete.
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Prospectus.
This Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. Subject to certain exemptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer's or the Group's business since the date of this Prospectus. If the information in this Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Trading Act.
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(a) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (b) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; (c) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; (d) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (e) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Forward-looking statements and market data The Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer's current views or expectations with respect to future events and financial and operational performance. The words "intend", "estimate", "expect", "may", "plan", "anticipate" or similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause the Issuer's and the Group's actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in "Risk factors". The forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus apply only to the date of the Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information that can be ascribed to the Issuer and the Group or persons acting on the Issuer's behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this section.
The Prospectus contains market data and industry forecasts, including information related to the sizes of the markets in which the Group participates. The information has been extracted from a number of sources. Although the Issuer regards these sources as reliable, the information contained in them has not been independently verified and therefore it cannot be guaranteed that this information is accurate and complete. However, as far as the Issuer is aware and can assure by comparison with other information made public by these sources, no information has been omitted in such a way as to render the information reproduced incorrect or misleading. In addition to the above, certain data in the Prospectus is also derived from estimates made by the Issuer.
Presentation of financial information This Prospectus contains the Issuer's consolidated historical financial statements for 2010 and 2011 which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU. This Prospectus also contains interim financial statements for the period January - September 2012. The mentioned financial statements have been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.
With the exception of the Issuer's consolidated historical financial statements for 2010 and 2011 and the interim financial statements for the period January - September 2012, no information in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer's auditor. Financial data in this Prospectus that have not been audited by the Issuer's auditor stem from internal accounting and reporting systems.
2

TABLE OF CONTENTS Risk factors.................................................................................................................................................... 4 Description of the Notes and use of proceeds............................................................................................. 10 Business description.................................................................................................................................... 18 Board of Directors, Senior Management and auditor................................................................................. 22 Legal considerations and supplementary information.................................................................................24 Terms and Conditions of the Notes.............................................................................................................26 Addresses.................................................................................................................................................... 49
3

Risk factors
Risk and risk-taking are inevitable parts o f investing in the Notes. There are risks both regarding circumstances linked to the Issuer and/or the Group and those which bear no specific relation to the Issuer and/or the Group. The occurrence o f any o f the events discussed below could materially adversely affect the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results o f operations. Moreover, the trading price o f the Notes could decline and the Issuer may not be able to pay interest or principal on the Notes when due, and investors could lose all or part o f their investment. The risks described below are not the only ones the Issuer and the Group are exposed to. Additional risks that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently, based on regular risk assessment, considers to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's and/or the Group's business and the Issuer's ability tofulfil its obligations under the Notes. The order in which the risks are presented is not intended to provide an indication o f the likelihood o f their occurrence or o f their relative significance.
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP
Industry and market risks
Competition and price pressure The market in which the Group operates is competitive, it is characterised by a continuous price pressure and the Group faces competition from several types of competitors with different technical platforms and business models. Large companies may also come to compete with the Group by acquiring existing competitors in the market. Moreover, some of the existing competitors of the Group could, in the future, pose a greater competitive threat, particularly if they consolidate or form strategic or commercial relationships among themselves or with larger and well-financed companies. Some of the Group's current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources in terms of finance, sales or other elements and offer a wider range of services. There is no guarantee that the Group will be in a position to continue to offer products which are sufficiently competitive in the market, which may adversely affect the Group's sales volumes and selling prices. In turn this may adversely impact the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Changes in technology, safety requirements and customers' requirements to increase productivity and efficiency may affect the demand for the Group's products. To a certain extent, the Group's future growth depends on its ability to maintain its market position as well as to develop new and successful products in order to meet this demand and to avoid losing market share to competitors. New product development always entails a risk of unsuccessful product launches or commercialization, which could affect the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results negatively. Furthermore, it cannot be ruled out that the Group must invest additional amounts in product development in the future to meet, for example, increased competition and new customer requirements, which can impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Impact o f the economy The Group engages in worldwide operations, some of which are dependent on both the general economic trend and conditions that are unique for a certain industry, country or region. General market conditions affect the inclination and the capabilities of the Group's existing and potential customers to invest in the Group's products. A weak economic trend in the whole or part of the world, or a business area of the Group, may therefore result in lower market growth that falls below expectations. There is a risk that the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted by a weak economic trend.
Customers and suppliers The Group mainly operates in the two business areas, the largest of these two is the Marine & Safety business area. Within Marine & Safety, the Group's sales are well balanced between deliveries of products to newly constructed commercial vessels, the aftermarket and to specific niches. Even if the customer risk is balanced due to the Group's global presence, a downturn or weak development in e.g. new construction of commercial vessels can impact negatively on the Group's business. Moreover and although the Group has a high customer diversification, the Group's business may be adversely impacted if the Group's customers do not meet their obligations or drastically reduce or terminate their operations.
The Group's products consist of components from different suppliers. To be in a position to manufacture, sell and deliver products, the Group is dependent upon deliveries from third parties in accordance with agreed requirements relating to, for example, quantity, quality and delivery times. Erroneous or default
4

deliveries by suppliers can cause delay or default in the Group's deliveries, which can result in reduced sales and may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Electronic components and electronic components prices The Group depends on certain electronic components for its production. The Group is therefore affected by fluctuations in the prices of these components. When rising component prices cannot be offset through higher prices for the Group's products, the Groups operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted. Moreover, interruptions in the supply of these electronic components or temporary increase of delivery time of certain components may impact the Group's product deliveries, which also could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Operational risks Production disruptions and increased costsfor production and distribution Damages to production facilities caused, for example, by fire, and stoppages or disruptions in any part of the production process, such as breakdowns, weather conditions, geographical conditions, labor disputes, terrorist activities and natural disasters, may have adverse implications in the form of direct damage to property as well as interruptions that undermine the ability to meet obligations to customers. In turn, this may lead customers to choose alternative suppliers. Accordingly, such disruptions or interruptions may impact negatively impact the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Certain of the Group's products are currently manufactured in countries with lower cost and revenue levels than Sweden. The developments in these countries are in many cases rapid and there are no guarantees as to how long the relatively low cost and revenue levels are maintained. Also distribution costs from the countries in which the products are manufactured to other members of the Group or to the Group's customers may increase as a result of an increase of the general price level in the affected countries. There is a risk that these increased costs cannot fully be transferred on to the Group's customers, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Complaints and product liability The Group is exposed to complaints in the event that the Group's products fail to function the way they should. In such cases, the Group is normally obliged to correct or replace the defective products. There is always a risk that customers demand that suppliers cover costs in addition to replacing the product, such as the cost of dismounting, assembly and other ancillary costs. If a product causes damage to a person or property, the Group could be liable to pay damages. A major product liability claim, may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to maintain an insurance cover under acceptable conditions or that future claims will not exceed or fall outside the scope of the Group's insurance coverage. Such costs could adversely impact the Group's operations, financial position and results. Claims may also be time consuming and burden the Group management's work.
Acquisitions and integration Strategic acquisitions will be part of the growth strategy for the Issuer. It cannot be guaranteed, however, that the Group will be able to find suitable acquisition targets nor can it be guaranteed that the necessary financing for future acquisition targets can be obtained on terms acceptable to the Group.
The execution of acquisitions also implies risk. In addition to company-specific risks, the acquired businesses' relations with customers, suppliers and key personnel may be adversely affected. There is also a risk that integration processes may prove more costly or more time-consuming than estimated and that anticipated synergies in whole or in part fail to materialise and may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
Improvement programs The Group continuously works with various improvement programs to strengthen the Group's position and competitiveness through, for example, rationalisation measures, restructurings and similar measures. There is a risk that measures taken will not generate the anticipated outcome and may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
5

Human resources The future success of the Group is largely dependent on the capacity to retain, recruit and develop skilled key employees and other staff. Accordingly, being an attractive employer is an important success factor for the Group. The resignation of key employees or the Group's failure to attract skilled personnel may impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results adversely.
The principal shareholder The interests of Platanen Holdings B.V. could conflict with those of the Noteholders and/or those of the Issuer and the Group, particularly if the Group encounters difficulties or is unable to pay debts as they fall due as the Group's stakeholders' interests may not be aligned in such circumstances. The occurrence of such event may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Limited influence in associated companies andjoint ventures The Issuer conducts some of its activities through associated companies in which the Issuer does not have a controlling interest and consequently, the Issuer has limited influence over the businesses conducted. In some of these entities, the Issuer's partners have sole or shared control over key matters such as the approval of business plans and budgets, and decisions as to the timing and amount of cash distributions. The risk of actions outside the Group's' control and adverse to the Group's interests, or disagreement or deadlock, is inherent in associated companies and jointly controlled entities and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Legal risks Legislation and regulations As a result of its global operations within different areas, the Group is subject to numerous laws, ordinances, regulations, treaties and guidelines introduced by e.g. the International Maritime Organisation (IMO), the EU and individual countries, including those pertaining to certification of products (for example pursuant to the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS)), authorisations, health and safety, trade restrictions, competition, anti-corruption and currency regulations. Furthermore, insurance companies and trade associations may invoke certain terms and conditions which may develop into a local standard and affect the development of certain local markets. The Group continuously monitors the rules and regulations in each market, and strives to adjust the Group to any identified future changes in these areas. However, changes in legislation and regulations, customs rules and other trade barriers, price and currency controls as well as other public guidelines in the countries in which the Group operates, may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Intellectual property risks There is a risk that competitors infringe on the Group's intellectual property rights. If required, the Group protects its intellectual property rights through legal action. However, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to defend its trademarks and other intellectual property rights or that submitted applications for registration will be approved. The Group has a portfolio of trademarks worldwide, but does not enjoy the same level of protection in all countries. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Group will receive trademark or similar legal protection in respect of their brands in all relevant jurisdictions or that the Group's use of said trademarks does not infringe such rights of others in one or more countries. In addition, there is a risk that new technologies and products can be developed, which circumvent or surpass the Group's intellectual property rights.
The Group believes that it does not currently infringe other companies' intellectual property rights. However, there is no guarantee that companies within the Group are not and will not be considered to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Disputes regarding infringement of intellectual property rights may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Disputes The Group is from time to time involved in judicial and administrative proceedings relating to the Group's business, including product liability and alleged errors in deliveries of goods. Such judicial and administrative proceedings may prove time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large amounts and result in significant costs and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
6

Sustainability risks Sustainability risks refer to the risks of an adverse impact on the environment, health and safety, human rights and business ethics due to the commercial operations conducted by the Group. Changes in legislation and public regulations involving increased requirements and changed conditions with respect to the environment, health and safety, or a development towards a stricter application by the authorities of legislation and regulations, may require further investments and lead to increased costs and other commitments for the operations concerned within the Group and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Tax risks The Group conducts its operations through companies in a number of countries. It cannot be ruled out that the Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties and tax regulations or its interpretation of how these or established administrative practices are interpreted by the relevant authorities is not entirely correct or that such rules will not be subject to changes, possibly with retroactive effect. The Group's tax situation may change, through decisions by the relevant authorities, which may adversely impact the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Financial risks Interest rate risk Interest rate risk refers to the risk that changes in market interest rates will have an adverse impact on the Group's net interest items. The speed with which a change in interest rates affects net interest items depends on the fixed or floating interest terms of assets and liabilities. Interest rate risk arises in two ways, namely where the Group has invested in interest-bearing assets, the value of which changes when the interest rate changes, and where the cost of the Group's borrowings fluctuates when the general interest rate situation changes. The Group's interest rate risk arises mainly from its borrowings. It cannot be guaranteed that the Group's measures to reduce its exposure to interest rate changes and other interest risks are efficient or sufficient enough for the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results not to be adversely impacted.
Liquidity and refinancing risk Liquidity and refinancing risk refers to the risk that financing opportunities will be limited when loans must be refinanced, and that payment commitments cannot be met as a result of insufficient liquidity. In order to make necessary investments or in other ways reach strategic goals, further financial resources may be required for the Group's future operations. The Group's ability to meet future capital requirements are highly dependent on the sale of the Group's products and services being successful. It cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to raise the necessary capital or that capital can be raised on terms acceptable to the Group. The availability of capital is dependent on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the general credit availability, the overall credit availability within the financial markets, and the Group's credit rating, if any, and credit capacity. Furthermore, it should be noted that certain of the Group's borrowings, which in certain cases are guaranteed by the Issuer, matures prior to the Notes. Disruptions and uncertainty in the capital and credit markets may also limit access to the capital required to operate the business and may adversely impact the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results.
Currency risk Currency risk is the risk that currency exchange rate fluctuations will have an adverse effect on cash flow, income statement or balance sheet. Exchange rate fluctuations affect the Group's results partly when sales and purchases in foreign subsidiaries are conducted in different currencies (transaction exposure), and partly when income statements and balance sheets are translated into Swedish krona (translation exposure). Furthermore, the comparability of the Group's result between periods is affected by changes in currency exchange rates.
The Group's operations are mainly located outside of Sweden. The foreign currencies that have the largest impact on the Group's earnings and net assets are Euros, U.S. dollars and Great British pound. If the Group's measures to hedge and otherwise control the effects of exchange rate movements should prove insufficient, the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted.
7

Credit risk Credit risk, meaning, the risk that customers may be unable to fulfil their payment obligations, account for the majority of the Group's counterparty risk. Credit risk also includes the risk that customers will not pay receivables that the Group has invoiced or intends to invoice. Financial credit risk is the exposure to default of counterparties with which the Group has invested cash, short-term bank investments or contracted financial instruments. If the Group's measures to minimise interest and credit risks are not sufficient, the Issuer's and/or the Group's operations, financial position and results may be adversely impacted.
Capitalised development costs A substantial share of the Group's intangible assets consists of capitalised development expenditures. Capitalised development expenditures are amortised using the straight-line method over a period of 3-5 years (the period in which future economic benefits are expected to flow to the Group) from the date on which commercial production begins. In the event that a development project does not materialise and this leads to an extra amortisation, this may impact adversely on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position and results.
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES The Notes will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities o f the Issuer's subsidiaries The Issuer is a holding company and as such is dependent upon other entities within the Group to enable it to make payments under the Notes (for which the Issuer will be reliant on the ability of other entities within the Group to advance loans, make dividend distributions or payment of royalties to the Issuer). The Group's operating companies are legally separate and distinct from the Issuer and have no obligation to pay amounts due with respect to the Issuer's obligations and commitments or to make funds available for such payments. The ability of the Group's operating companies to make such payments to the Issuer is subject to, among other things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions, in case ofjoint ventures and associated companies, the agreements with the other shareholders, the terms of each operation's indebtedness and local law. Furthermore, certain of the Group's local operations have entered into financing arrangements, which may be guaranteed by the Issuer and/or contain restrictions on payment of dividends to the Issuer. No present or future subsidiary of the Issuer will guarantee the Notes.
If any subsidiary of the Issuer is subject to any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, recapitalisation, administrative or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the Noteholders will not have the right to proceed against the assets of any such subsidiary. The creditors of such a subsidiary of the Issuer, including trade creditors, will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the assets of such a subsidiary before the Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions from such a subsidiary.
There has been no active trading market for the Notes Although application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the corporate bonds list of NASDAQ OMX, there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted or that the Notes will be so admitted. Prior to any admission to trading, there has been no public market for the Notes. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if developed, will be sustained. The Initial Nominal Amount may not be indicative of the market price for the Notes. Furthermore, following a listing of the Notes, the liquidity and trading price of the Notes may be subject to fluctuations in response to many factors, including those referred to in this section, as well as to market fluctuations and general economic conditions that may adversely affect the liquidity and price of the Notes, regardless of the actual performance of the Issuer and the Group. In addition, transaction costs in any secondary market may be high. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Accordingly, the purchase of Notes is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the Notes and the financial and other risks associated with an investment in the Notes. Investors must be prepared to hold the Notes until maturity.
Certain material interests The Joint Bookrunners have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Issuer and the Group in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer to repay debt to the Joint Bookrunners. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the
8

Joint Bookrunners having previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests.
Interest rate risk The Notes are floating rate notes and based on STIBOR. Changes in the general level of interest rates, in particular STIBOR, may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investments in the Notes involve a risk that the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates. Changes in the expected interest rate level for different categories of risk in investments may also affect the value of the Notes.
Credit risk A potential investor should assess the credit risks associated with the Issuer, the Group and the Notes. As there is a credit risk associated with the Issuer and the Group, events that undermine the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the Group should be considered. If the Issuer's or the Group's financial position should decline, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. A decrease in the Issuer's or the Group's creditworthiness could also lead to a decrease in the market value of the Notes.
Noteholder representation In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Agent represents all Noteholders in all matters relating to the Notes. However, this does not rule out the possibility that the Noteholders, in certain situations, could bring their own action against the Issuer. To enable the Agent to represent the Noteholders in court, the Noteholders may have to submit a written power of attorney for legal proceedings. The failure of all Noteholders to submit such a power of attorney could negatively impact the Noteholders. Under the Terms and Conditions, the Agent has the right in some cases to make decisions and take measures that bind all Noteholders. In addition, certain majorities of Noteholders are permitted to bind all Noteholders in relation to certain decisions, including those who vote in a manner contrary to the majority. Consequently, the actions of the majority and the Agent in such matters could impact a Noteholder's rights under the Terms and Conditions in a manner that would be undesirable for some of the Noteholders.
Clearing and settlement The Notes are affiliated to Euroclear Sweden's account-based system. Clearing and settlement as well as payment of Interest and the repayment of principal is carried out within the said system. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the central securities depository for distribution to the applicable account holders. Noteholders are therefore dependent on the functionality of Euroclear Sweden's system in order to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, the Notes.
Change of law The Notes are subject to Swedish and applicable European laws and administrative practice in effect as at the date of the Terms and Conditions. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Swedish or European law or administrative practice after the date of the Terms and Conditions, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change could adversely impact the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.
9

Description of the Notes and use of proceeds

CERTAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES Thefollowing is a summary description o f the terms and conditions o f the Notes and is qualified in its entirety by the full Terms and Conditions included in the section "Terms and conditions o f the Notes".

The Initial Notes and Subsequent Notes The Initial Notes was issued in an aggregate Nominal Amount of SEK 325,000,000. In addition to the Initial Notes, Subsequent Notes may be issued at one or several occasions prior to the Final Maturity Date. The Total Nominal Amount of the Notes may not exceed SEK 400,000,000, unless consent from the Noteholders is obtained in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Subsequent Notes will be issued subject to the Terms and Conditions, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Rate and the Nominal Amount, and consequently form part of the Notes. The price of the Subsequent Notes may, however, be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Initial Notes. The Notes are denominated in SEK with a nominal value of SEK 1,000,000 each.

ISIN and common code The Notes have been allocated the ISIN code SE0004869816. The Notes will also be allocated a common code upon admission to trading. Such common code has not been allocated at the date of this Prospectus.

Form of the Notes The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a VP account on behalf of the relevant Noteholders. Hence, no physical notes have been issued. The Notes are registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument) and registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

Status of the Notes The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, freely transferable and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu and without any preference among them, and at least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer other than those mandatorily preferred by law.

Issue date and redemption The Initial Notes was issued on the First Issue Date being 1 November 2012. Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in whole or in part in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall redeem all outstanding Notes in full at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount (together with any accrued but unpaid Interest) on 1 November 2017 (the "Final Maturity Date").
Subject to applicable law, the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.

Voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call) All Notes, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer following the First Issue Date. The Issuer can exercise its option by giving the Noteholders and the Agent not less than twenty (20) but not more than forty (40) Business Days' notice in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Any such notice shall be irrevocable. Each Note shall be redeemed at an early redemption amount in accordance with the following:

Time

Price per Note

(a) any time on or prior to the third

The higher of:

(3rd) anniversary of the First Issue

Date;

(i) 103.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (excluding

accrued and unpaid Interest); and

(ii) an amount equal to the Nominal Amount plus all remaining scheduled Interest payments on the Note until the third (3rd) anniversary of the First Issue Date (excluding accrued and unpaid Interest) discounted (for the time period starting from the date the relevant Notes are redeemed to the third anniversary of the First

10

Issue Date) using a discount rate equal to:
(A) the yield of the Swedish Government Bond ISIN SE0001250135 with a maturity date on or about the third (3rd) anniversary of the First Issue Date (or if such bonds should have been redeemed, a Swedish Government Bond maturing on or around such date); plus

(B) 0.50 per cent.

(b) any time after the third (3rd) anniversary of the First Issue Date but on or prior to the fourth (4th) anniversary of the First Issue Date;

103.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

(c) any time after the fourth (4th) anniversary of the First Issue Date but prior to the Final Maturity Date; and

101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.

(d) any time from and including the Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding the Final Maturity Date.

100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if such redemption is financed by way of another issue of Debt Instruments.

In addition, the Issuer shall pay accrued Interest from the latest Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the First Issue Date) up to and including the relevant date for early redemption.

Partial redemption as a result o f a disposal o f assets If the Issuer disposes of assets and should pursuant to the Terms and Conditions use the Excess Proceeds to make a partial redemption of the Notes, such redemption shall occur on an Interest Payment Date for the Notes occurring no later than three (3) months after the expiry of the period available for reinvestment. The redemption price per Note shall be (i) 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount multiplied with the Redeemed Percentage (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the Redeemed Percentage of the Nominal Amount.

Early redemption due to illegality (call) The Issuer may, by giving the Noteholders and the Agent not less than twenty (20) but not more than forty (40) Business Days' notice, redeem all (but not only some) outstanding Notes at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount plus accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is, or becomes, unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.

Repurchase in the event o f a Change o f Control Event (put) Each Noteholder may, for a period of twenty (20) Business Days following the issue by the Issuer of a press release and publication on the Group's website regarding the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, request that all, or some of, the Notes which it holds be repurchased by the Issuer at a price per Note equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest). If such a request is made by a Noteholder, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period.
A "Change of Control Event" means, in relation to shares of the Issuer, an event or series of events resulting in:
a) one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert), other than a Rosenblad Party, acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise establishing control over fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer; or
b) all or part of the shares in the Issuer cease to be listed on a Regulated Market.

11

"Rosenblad Party" means (a) Platanen Holdings BV and any of its Subsidiaries; (b) any of Carl Rosenblad or his children, siblings or children of siblings or any spouse of the foregoing persons; (c) any trust, foundation or similar legal entity where one or more of the persons mentioned in paragraph (b) is one of a limited number of beneficiaries; and (d) any other company (publicly listed or not), partnership or other legal entity under direct or indirect control by one or more of the persons or entities under (a) and (b) above, where control, directly or indirectly, shall be deemed to be at hand if one or more of the persons under (a) and (b) alone or jointly could exercise more than twenty-five (25) per cent. of the voting rights of the highest decision making body or have the benefit of more than twenty-five (25) per cent. of the economic rights from such a company, partnership or entity.
Repurchase due to a Failure to List Event (put) Each Noteholder may, for a period of twenty (20) Business Days following the issue by the Issuer of a press release and publication on the Group's website regarding the occurrence of a Failure to List Event, request that all, or some of, the Notes which it holds be repurchased by the Issuer at a price per Note equal to 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest). If such a request is made by a Noteholder, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period.
A "Failure to List Event" means that the Issuer on the date falling sixty (60) days from the First Issue Date has failed to ensure that the Notes are listed on NASDAQ OMX or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Interest-related information and payments Interest on the Notes will accrue at the rate of 3 months STIBOR + 550 bps per annum. The first Interest Period begins on (but excluding) the First Issue Date and ends on (and including) the first Interest Payment Date and each subsequent Interest Period runs from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date and ends on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.
Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates 1 February, 1 May, 1 August and 1 November each year. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 1 February 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Redemption Date.
Payment of the Nominal Amount and Interest will be made to the person who is registered as a Noteholder on the fifth (5) Business Day prior to the respective payment date or, if on the relevant time another Business Day which is falling closer to the relevant payment date is generally applied in the Swedish bond market, such other Business Day (the "Record Date"). If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that payments of principal amounts and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Noteholders being registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Issuer and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations.
Acceleration and prepayment of the Notes The Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Noteholders, declare all, but not only some, of the Notes due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines by notice to the Issuer, if (each an "Event of Default"):
(a) Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (unless the Issuer's failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of its due date);
(b) Breach o f certainfinancial covenants: the Issuer fails to comply with the Net Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Equity Ratio, and such breach has not been cured in accordance with the Terms and Conditions;
(c) Breach o f other obligations pursuant to the Terms and Conditions: the Issuer does not comply with any term or condition of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above), unless the non-compliance is capably of remedy and
12

is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(d) Invalidity etc.: any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect (directly or indirectly) on the interests of the Noteholders;
(e) Insolvency and Insolvency Proceedings: a Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) omforetagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)), or is subject to liquidation (other than any solvent liquidation of a Group Company other than the Issuer);
(f) Cross acceleration: any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default or termination event (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (f) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness declared to be or otherwise becoming due and payable is less than SEK 15,000,000; or
(g) Repayment o fdebt: the Existing Credit Facilities have not been repaid in full within ten (10) Business Days after the First Issue Date.
In the event of an acceleration, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at an amount equal to the redemption price set out under the section "Voluntary redemption by the Issuer" above (as applicable considering when such event of acceleration occurs).
Should the Notes be accelerated following the occurrence of an Event of Default, all proceeds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) first, to pay the Agent Fee and any other amount owed to the Agent under the Agency Agreement including all costs and indemnities relating to the enforcement of the Notes or the protection of the Noteholders' rights;
(b) secondly, to pay Interest on the Notes pro rata;
(c) thirdly, to pay principal on the Notes pro rata; and
(d) fourthly, to pay any other costs or outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents pro rata.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
Undertakings The Issuer makes certain undertakings in the Terms and Conditions. These include undertakings and limitations relating to:
(a) information;
(b) business of the Group;
(c) authorisations;
(d) mergers and de-mergers;
(e) disposal of assets;
(f) financial covenants and new Debt Instruments;
(g) financial indebtedness;
(h) negative pledge;
13

(i) dividends and distributions;
(j) listing; and
(k) undertakings in relation to the Agent.
The undertakings are subject to extensive qualifications. See the section "Financial Covenants", "Financial indebtedness", "Negative pledge" and "Listing" below together with "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" for detailed descriptions.

Financial Covenants The Issuer shall procure that the Net Leverage Ratio (i.e. the ratio of total Net Debt to EBITDA) for the Reference Period ending on each Reference Date shall not exceed 4.00:1. The Reference Period being a twelve (12) month period ending on a Reference Date or such shorter period as the context may require and the Reference Dates being 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.
The Issuer shall procure that the Consolidated Equity Ratio (i.e. the ratio of Consolidated Equity to Consolidated Total Assets) on each Reference Date is not less than twenty-five (25) per cent.

Financial Indebtedness The Issuer shall procure that no Group Company (other than the Issuer) will incur or allow to subsist any Financial Indebtedness, other than:

(a) Financial Indebtedness between Group Companies;

(b) any hedging arrangement or derivative transaction (unless for speculative purposes);

(c) guarantees and normal liabilities having the effect of Financial Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business with a maximum duration of 365 days;

(d) any local overdraft facilities and counter indemnity obligations referred to in Clause 11.7.3(g) of the Terms and Conditions; and

(e) Financial Indebtedness not permitted by paragraphs (a) - (d) above which does not in aggregate exceed the higher of:

(i)

SEK 125,000,000; and

(ii) 130 per cent. of the EBITDA of the Group for the last Reference Period (when calculating EBITDA for the purposes of any acquisition, EBITDA shall be calculated on a pro forma basis).

Any Financial Indebtedness in excess of SEK 125,000,000 incurred in accordance with paragraph (e)(ii) above shall be permitted to subsist even if the EBITDA of the Group as at any subsequent Reference Period is decreased.

Negative pledge As long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no other Group Company will) create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues and shall not, in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset, (i) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or re-acquired by any Group Company, (ii) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms, (iii) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts or (iv) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect save that this prohibition does not apply to:
(a) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements (including cash-pooling arrangements) for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances;
(b) any Security for, or close-out netting or set-off arrangement in respect of, hedging transactions (unless for speculative purposes);

14

(c) any Security arising by operation of law, retention-of-title arrangements relating to prepayments or similar arrangements, each in the ordinary course of business and not as a result of any default or omission by a Group Company;
(d) any Security over any asset leased under financial or capital leases entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(e) any Security over an asset, business or company acquired by a Group Company (directly or indirectly) which (i) existed on the date of the acquisition, (ii) is created for the purpose of securing Financial Indebtedness incurred or increased for the purpose of financing the relevant acquisition, or (iii) is renewed or extended upon renewal or extension or refinancing or replacement of the any Financial Indebtedness referred to in paragraph (i) or (ii), in each case provided that such Security may only secure Financial Indebtedness in an amount which does not exceed sixty (60) per cent. of the purchase price (on a debt free basis) for the acquired asset, business or company;
(f) any Security over goods or documents of title to goods arising in the ordinary course of letter of credit transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(g) any cash collateral or other Security for local overdraft facilities, counter indemnity obligation under any bank guarantee or letter of credit issued by a bank or financial institution, and drawings under any such bank guarantee or letter of credit, which in each case is provided in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Group Company;
(h) until a date falling ten (10) Business Days after the First Issue Date, Security for the Existing Credit Facilities;
(i) Security over real property existing on the First Issue Date in a maximum amount of SEK 8,000,000;
(j) any Security or preferential arrangement given with the prior consent of the Noteholders; or
(k) any Security or preferential arrangement not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (j) above, securing indebtedness in an amount which does not in aggregate exceed SEK 20,000,000.
Listing The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes are listed within thirty (30) days from the First Issue Date on NASDAQ OMX or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market. The Issuer shall, following a listing, take all actions on its part to maintain the listing of the Notes as long as any Notes are outstanding, however not longer than up to and including the last day on which trading in the Notes on the exchange reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations by the exchange and the CSD, take place before the Redemption Date. The estimated costs in relation to the admission to trading is expected to approximately SEK 200,000 in aggregate. See the section "Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Notes - There has been no active trading market for the Notes".
Noteholders' Meetings Each of the Issuer, the Agent and a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, may at any time, in order to conduct business in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, call for a Noteholders' Meeting. The Noteholders' Meeting may decide upon any issue or matter in relation to the Finance Documents. The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Noteholder, no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a meeting request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including any request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval or agreement by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no later than ten (10) Business Days from the Agent's notice. Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the procedure described above. A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer, require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent. The Issuer shall then convene a Noteholders' Meeting no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request.
15

To the extent that a Noteholders' Meeting is required to be quorate, a quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting exists if Noteholders representing at least (i) fifty (50) per cent. or (ii) twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in person, by telephone or through duly authorised representatives, depending on the matter which is to be resolved at such Noteholders' Meeting. Different majority rules apply depending on the matter which is to be resolved at such Noteholders' Meeting.
Decisions by way o f direct communication with Noteholders If the Issuer or the Agent determines that a request by it for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the Noteholders shall be decided by way of direct communication, the Agent shall communicate directly with each person who is registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the date on which the communication is sent. Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send such communication to each Noteholder. Such communication from the Agent or the Issuer shall include (i) the request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for the request, (iii) a form for replying to the request (with an option to vote yes or no for each request) and (iv) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to be at least twenty (20) Business Days after the date on which the communication was dispatched). No quorum requirement shall apply in respect of decisions taken by way of direct communication.
No petition A Noteholder may not take any actions whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or procure the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Issuer or the making of an administration order in relation to the Issuer or the filing of documents with a court or enforcement agency in relation to the Issuer or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Issuer, in each case in respect of any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under Clause 8.1.3 of the Terms and Conditions.
Prescription The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
Governing law and jurisdiction The Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. Any dispute or claim arising in relation to the Terms and Conditions shall be determined by Swedish courts, with the City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt) as the court of first instance. However, the Noteholders and the Agent shall not be prevented from taking proceedings in any other courts with jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
THE CSD Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, is initially acting as Central Securities Depositary (the "CSD") and registrar in respect of the Notes.
The Issuer and, for the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or any direct communication to the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent, shall each be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall request and provide such information to the Agent or provide the Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information from the CSD. The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to individuals employed by the Agent and the Issuing Agent, as directed by the Agent or the Issuing Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register.
THE ISSUING AGENT Nordea Bank AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 516406-0120, with address attn: Capital Markets and Treasury Operations, C23, 105 71 Stockholm, Sweden, is initially acting as Issuing Agent in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
16

THE AGENT AND THE AGENCY AGREEMENT Swedish Trustee AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordscentralen, Strandvägen 35, 114 56 Stockholm, Sweden, email: mail@swedishtrustee.se (or such other details as the Agent may publish on its website from time to time), is acting as Agent. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement that was entered into on the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, the Agent has undertaken to represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement. The Issuer has undertaken to, among other things, pay certain fees to the Agent and to indemnify the Agent against costs, losses or liabilities incurred by the Agent in acting as Agent under any Finance Documents. The Agency Agreement is governed by Swedish law. USE OF PROCEEDS The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, less the Issuance Costs, (i) for refinancing of the Existing Credit Facilities and (ii) for general corporate purposes.
17

Business description
BUSINESS OVERVIEW The Group has roots which date back to 1912, when the first marine product was developed. Most of its marine products were introduced in the centuries of 1950 and 1960. The Issuer was founded in 1993 and the company changed its name to Consilium AB in March 1994. The Issuer became the holding company of the companies within the Group before the listing of the Issuer's shares of class B on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.
According to the Issuer's Articles of Association, the Issuer shall directly or indirectly conduct development, manufacturing and sale of marine and industrial components and systems and any business related thereto, take care of functions which are jointly used within the Group and own and administer shares and other financial instruments.
The Group's operations are organised into two business areas, Marine & Safety and Fire safety & Automation. Approximately 85 per cent. of the net sales from 2011 derived from the business area Marine & Safety, while approximately15 per cent. derived from the business area Fire Safety & Automation. The respective business area is organised into specific divisions.
The Group is a world-leading supplier of marine products and systems for safety, navigation and environment, which are grouped in its Marine & Safety business area. Within this business area there are also divisions for sales of fire alarms to the transportation market and fire alarms for buildings.
The Group also offers fire & safety and automation systems, primarily to the oil and gas industry, through its Fire safety & Automation business area. Fire safety and Automation are separate divisions within the business area Fire safety & Automation.
Global company with local presence Consilium values local presence and being close to its customers and markets. This derives from the fact that more than 90 per cent. of sales are to markets outside of Sweden. Consilium has built up a global market organisation with offices in 22 countries, being responsible for the bulk of the Group's sales and service volume. In addition, Consilium also has local representatives in more than 50 countries.
Consilium's product companies are responsible for product development, product maintenance, technical support, purchasing, production, assembly, test, technical manuals, sales materials, among other things. The product companies represent a necessary base for Consilium's business. Consilium's market companies are responsible for local sales, service and customer support. Together, this forms a strong organisation for a global marketplace.

· Established offices

· Planned offices

BUSINESS AREAS
Marine & Safety Consilium's sales of products and solutions for the maritime market can be divided into sales to new construction of vessels and to the aftermarket. Consilium's customers are mainly international shipping companies and shipyards.

18

The Marine & Safety business area offers products and systems in the areas of safety, navigation and environment for international shipping, as well as fire alarms for trains, underground railways and large buildings. The product portfolio includes fire alarm systems, gas detection products and systems, safety management systems, navigation radars, speed logs, echo sounders, marine voyage data recorders, electronic sea charts, navigation bridges and systems for measuring of emission of nitrogen oxides and sulphur dioxide from vessels.
Consilium also offers tailored products for specific niche segments, such as military marine products and systems, fire alarms for the trains and underground railways, fire and gas alarms for offshore, special radars for oil spill detection, special radar for safe navigation in ice-infested waters, special radar for surveillance of ports and sensitive marine areas.
Consilium's production companies also sell some of its products and components to other system suppliers, and Consilium's marketing companies sell and provide service on certain complementary third party products.
Fire safety & Automation The Fire safety & Automation business area offers products and systems for fire safety and automation solutions for the land based oil and gas industry. The offer includes fire and gas detection, detection of leaks in oil and gas pipelines, fire protection and fire extinguishing systems for tanks, emergency shutdown systems, lightning protection systems for tank farm inventory management, terminal automation systems and control systems for different types of oil and gas plants.
Consilium's end customers are large national and international tank farm operators and oil and gas companies, mainly in the Middle East but also in the Nordic region. Sales of new installations are often made through large engineering companies.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Consilium is a technical knowledge company which aspires to be at the forefront of technological development in selected niches. The development of products, systems and production techniques is therefore a priority area.
Consilium has development units in Sweden and Italy. The units focus on developing of new products and solutions and improving the existing product portfolio. For a number of years, Consilium has worked on the development of a common technological platform for the business areas' offering. The new platform includes both hardware and software solutions. The important advantage of the new platform will be a reduced number of hardware products, which will result in less product maintenance and less products in stock. It will also be easier to service a wide product range with the new platform.
GENERAL CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
The Issuer The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Consilium Aktiebolag (publ), and its Swedish Reg. No. is 556480-3327. The registered office of the Board is located in Nacka, Sweden. The address and telephone number of the Issuer is P.O. Box 5028/Vastra Finnbodavagen 2-4, SE-131 05 Nacka, Sweden and +46 8 563 053 00. The Issuer was incorporated in Sweden on 24 November 1993 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on 30 December 1993. The Issuer is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) governed by the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
Under its current Articles of Association, the Issuer's share capital shall not be less than SEK 20,000,000 and not more than SEK 80,000,000, divided into not fewer than 4,000,000 shares and not more than 16,000,000 shares. The Issuer has two classes of shares, class A shares and class B shares. Each share of class A entitles the holder to ten votes and each share of class B entitles the holder to one vote. The Issuer's registered share capital is SEK 58,511,015, represented by 11,702,203 issued and fully paid shares, of which 907,490 are shares of class A and 10,794,713 are shares of class B. Each share has a quota value of SEK 5.
The shares of class B of the Issuer are listed on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX, small cap list.
Legal Group structure The Issuer is the ultimate parent of the Group. The Issuer has built up a global marketing organisation encompassing 22 countries and has contracted sales and service representatives in more than 50 countries.
19

The subsidiaries of the Issuer and its joint venture and associated companies as of 30 September 2012 are illustrated by the table below.

Company

Location

Ownership in per cent.

Swedish Subsidiaries

Consilium Marine Ciroup AM. Reg. No. 556063-8503

Nacka

100

Consilium l'ire & Cias AM. Reg. No. 556611 -5811

Ciothenhurg

100

Consilium Marine & Safely AM. Reg. No. 556070-9353

Ciothenhurg

100

Consilium Transport Saleh AM. Reg. No. 556109-5794

Ciothenhurg

100

Consilium Security Ciroup AM. Reg. No. 556547-6123

Nacka

100

Consilium Navigation Ciroup AM. Reg. No. 556519-2126

Nacka

100

Consilium Navigation AM. Reg. No. 556045-1733

Nacka

100

Consilium Research & Development AM. Reg. No. 55(4)80-5441

Nacka

100

Consilium Business Development AM. Reg. No. 556519-2134

Nacka

100

Consilium Production AM. Reg. No. 556709-9220

Ciothenhurg

100

Consilium Nittan Research & Development AM. Reg. No. 556599-4505 Ciothenhurg

100

Markground Industri AM. Reg. No. 556046-1328

Nacka

100

Storm & Co. Skeppsradio AM. Reg. No. 556083-7840

Ciothenhurg

100

Incendium AM. Reg. No. 556828-7881

Kungälv

57

Non-Swedish Subsidiaries

Consilium Marine A S Consilium CimhI 1 Consilium Italy Sri Consilium Shanghai Co. I.ld Consilium Norway AS Consilium BA'. Consilium Marine l S Inc. Consilium Marine Korea I.ld Consilium Marine Italy Sri Consilium Marine Singapore I.ld Consilium Middle Hast (F/.C) Consilium Qatar I.I.C Consilium Saudi Arabia Trading F.stahlislnnenl Consilium F.ngineering & Trading I.I.C Consilium Marine India Pie I.ld Consilium Spain SA Joint Venture Companies

Copenhagen Denmark

100

I lamhurg Ciennany

100

Florence Italy

100

Shanghaj China

100

( )slo Norway

100

Schonhoven Holland

100

Fort 1.auderdale l S

100

Pusan Korea

100

Cienoa Italy

100

Singapore Singapore

51

Duhai l 'nited Arah F.mirales 70

Doha Qalar

70

Saudi Arahia

70

Museal ( hnan

70

Mumhai India

70

Bilhao Spain

51

CN System AB. Reg. No. 556714-2244 Consilium Nittan Japan I.ld Consilium Marine Hellas I.ld Consilium Sakerhet Vast AB. Reg. No. 556702-3857 Consilium Sakerhet Ost AB. Reg. No. 556693-0235 Consilium Marine ( )y Associated CCompanies

Ciothenhurg Sweden

50

'Fokyo Japan

50

Pireaus Cireece

50

Ciothenhurg Sweden

50

Stockholm Sweden

50

Helsinki Finland

50

Consilium Sakerhet Syd AB. Reg. No. 556629-7825 Consilium Vietnam JSC

l.und Sweden

33.3

Vietnam

49

20

Major shareholders As of 31 October 2012, the ten largest shareholders held around 76.8 per cent. of the share capital and approximately 86.2 per cent. of the votes in the Issuer. As of 31 October 2012, the ownership of the Issuer was split between major shareholders as shown in the table below. The Issuer's largest shareholder as of 31 October 2012 was Platanen Holdings B.V., representing approximately 41.2 per cent. of the share capital and approximately 65.3 per cent. of the votes in the Issuer.

Shareholder
Platanen Holdings B.V. MCI' Brattherg Aktiebolag Xordea Invostniont Punds Danica Pension Försäkringsaktiebolaget. Avan/a Pension 1 nionen SIX SIS AU. W8IMY ( )\e Ilansson l.ott och Xils Rosenblads stitlelse Nordnet Pensionsförsäkring AB
Total:

A shares 907.490
907,490

B shares
3.918.143 2.100.000 722.923 536.041 219.075 177.804 110.000 100.086 96.399 88.440
8,068,911

Share capital (per cent)
41.2 18.0 6.2 4.6 1.9 1.5 0.9 0.9 0.8 0.8
76.8

Votes (per cent)
65.3 10.6 3.6 2.7 1.1 0.9 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.4
86.2

Platanen Holdings B.V., controlled by Carl Rosenblad and his family, controls a larger part of the votes in the Issuer. In addition, Carl Rosenblad is the Chairman of the Board of the Issuer. Platanen Holdings B.V. and Carl Rosenblad and his family have therefore an essential influence and control of the Issuer, and possibly could have interests which necessarily are not the same as the interests of the Noteholders. However, the shares of class B of the Issuer are listed on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX, small cap list. The Issuer must therefore follow the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance and requirements such as independent board members and announcements of information. This makes it more difficult to abuse control of the Issuer.

21

Board of Directors, Senior Management and auditor

BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Board of the Issuer consists of six members elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The table below sets out the name and current position of each Board member.

Name Carl Rosenblad Carl Adam Rosenblad Fredrik Nygren Peter Carlberg Ann-Marie Åström Erik Lindborg

Position Chairman Member Member Member Member Member

CARL ROSENBLAD Born 1935. Chairman o f the Board since 2000, member o f the Board since 1994. Other current assignments include: Chairman of Platanen Holdings B.V. with subsidiaries and Svenska Bostadsfonden Management AB with subsidiaries.
CARL ADAM ROSENBLAD Born 1965. Member o f the Board since 1996. Other current assignments include: Director of Platanen Holdings B.V., Platanen AB and subsidiaries of the Issuer.
FREDRIK NYGREN Born 1966. Member o f the Board since 2007. Other current assignments include: Chairman of ExeoTech Invest AB, Twinblade Technologies Holding Sweden AB and Advanced Inertial Measurement (AIMS AB) Systems Sweden AB. Director of Josab International AB.
PETER CARLBERG Born 1955. Member o f the Board since 2008. Other current assignments include: CEO of Alfa Laval Korea Ltd. Director of Svenska Handelskammaren in South Korea.
ANN-MARIE ÄSTRÖM Born 1965. Member o f the Board since 2009. Other current assignments include: Vice-chairman of Rederi AB Gotland. Director of Wisby Shipmanagement AB and Hafnia Management A/S. CEO of Gotland Tankers AB.
ERIK LINDBORG Born 1952. Member o f the Board since 2012. Other current assignments include: Director of MCT Brattberg AB, Futuritas AB and AB Arena Rosenholm Karlskrona. CEO of MCT Brattberg AB.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT The senior management consists of a team of five persons. The table below sets out the name and current position of each member of the senior management.

Name ( h e Ilansson Roger ( trreteg Carl Adam Rosenblad 1.. Uilherl Bahu Anna Holmgren

Position Chief Fxecutive 1tireclor Croup Controller Manager of the business area Marine & Safety Manager of the business area Fire Safety & Automation Finance Manager and Treasurer

22

OVE HANSSON Born 1955. ChiefExecutive Director. Employed since 1986. Work experience: Director of the Issuer between 2000-2004.
ROGER ORRETEG Born 1956. Group Controller. Employed since 2003. Work experience: Chief Financial Officer of subsidiaries of the Issuer.
CARL ADAM ROSENBLAD Born 1965. Manager o f the business area Marine & Safety and director o f Consilium Marine & Safety AB and subsidiaries. Work experience: Manager of the Marine & Safety Navigation Division.
L. GILBERT BABU Born 1959. Manager o f the business area Fire Safety &Automation. Employed since 2007. Manager o f Middle East FZC and director o f Consilium Middle East FZC and subsidiaries. Work experience: Previously Chief Executive Officer of SAAB Rosemount Middle East FZC.
ANNA HOLMGREN Born 1965. Finance Manager and Treasurer. Employed since 1987. Work experience: CFO of subsidiaries of the Issuer.
AUDITORS PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (SE-113 97 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Issuer's auditor since 1994. Sten Håkansson, born 1960, is the auditor in charge. Sten Håkansson is an authorised public accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.
OTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT Business address The address for all Board members and members of the senior management is c/o Consilium AB (publ), P.O. Box 5028, SE-131 05 Nacka, Sweden.
Conflicts of interest Except for what is described below, no Board member or member of the Issuer's senior management has any personal interests that could conflict with the interests of the Issuer. It can be noted that members of the Board and senior management from time to time may own shares in the Issuer. Carl Rosenblad, the Chairman of the Board of the Issuer and his family control Platanen Holdings B.V., which is the majority shareholder of the Issuer. See the section "Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group - Operational risks - The principal shareholder". The Issuer has entered into a consultancy agreement with the company Platanen AB. The Chairman of the Board and Carl Adam Rosenblad, member of the Board of the Issuer, are both members of the board of Platanen AB. Platanen AB is a subsidiary of Platanen Holdings B.V., which is controlled by Carl Rosenblad and his family. Platanen AB provides management and administrative services to the Issuer. The Issuer has also entered into a property lease agreement with the company Fastighetsbolaget Henriksborg HB. The two partners of Fastighetsbolaget Henriksborg HB are subsidiaries of Platanen AB.
23

Legal considerations and supplementary information

AUTHORISATION AND RESPONSIBILITY The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with the Notes and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. The issuance of the Initial Notes on 1 November 2012 was authorised by resolutions by the Board of the Issuer on 24 September 2012.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information, relating to the Issuer, contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS The Group has not entered into any material contracts outside of the ordinary course of its business which could have any material impacts on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.

Shareholders' agreement As far as the Board of Directors is aware, there exist no shareholders' agreements or other agreements that could result in a change of control of the Issuer.

LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS The Group conducts operations in several countries and is from time to time subject to disputes, claims and administrative proceedings as a part of the ordinary course of business. However, the Group has not been a party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened which the Issuer is aware of) during the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability.

CERTAIN MATERIAL INTERESTS Nordea and Swedbank are Joint Bookrunners in conjunction with the issuance of the Notes. The Joint Bookrunners (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, certain investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to the Issuer and the Group for which they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Joint Bookrunners having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties.

TREND INFORMATION There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial statements, being 27 November 2012.

SIGNIFICANT CHANGES SINCE 27 NOVEMBER 2012 There have been no significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Group since 27 November 2012, being the date on which the report for the last financial period was presented.

INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The following information has been incorporated into this Prospectus by reference and should be read as part of this Prospectus:

Annual Report 2010

As regards the audited consolidated financial information and audit report on pages 27 - 50.

Annual Report 2011

As regards the audited consolidated financial information and audit report on pages 29 - 53.

2012 Q3 Interim Report As regards the consolidated financial information for the period 1 January - 30 September 2012 and audit report on pages 7 - 10.

24

DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY Copies of the following documents are available at the Issuer's office, Västra Finnbodavägen 2-4, SE-131 05 Nacka, Sweden, during the validity period of this Prospectus (regular office hours):
· the Issuer's Articles of Association; · the Issuer's Annual Reports for the financial years 2010 and 2011 (including audit reports); · the Issuer's 2012 Q3 Interim Report (including audit report); · the Prospectus; · the Terms and Conditions; and · the Agency Agreement.
25

Terms and Conditions of the Notes
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CONSILIUM AB (publ) UP TO SEK 400,000,000
SENIOR UNSECURED FLOATING RATE NOTES ISIN SE0004869816
Dated 1 November 2012
The distribution o f this document and the offer o f the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, or any state securities laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) as applied by the Group in preparation of its annual consolidated financial statements.
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a VP Account in respect of its Notes.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes held by a Group Company.
"Affiliate" means (i) a Rosenblad Party, other than a Group Company, and (ii) an entity under common control with the Issuer.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.
"Agent" means Swedish Trustee AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Agent Fee" means all fees and expenses payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement.
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business, other than over the Internet only, in Stockholm, Sweden.
"Change of Control Event" means, in relation to shares of the Issuer, an event or series of events resulting in:
(a) one person (or several persons who either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert), other than a Rosenblad Party, acquiring fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares in the Issuer or otherwise establishing control over fifty (50) per cent. or more of the shares and/or votes in the Issuer; or
(b) all or part of the shares in the Issuer cease to be listed on a Regulated Market.
"Consolidated Equity" means, at any time, the sum of the total equity of the Group plus Subordinated Debt, as set out in the balance sheet forming part of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b), calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Consolidated Equity Ratio" means, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of Consolidated Equity to Consolidated Total Assets.
"Consolidated Total Assets" means, at any time, the sum of all assets of the Group as set out in the balance sheet forming part of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b), calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB. Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to become quoted, listed or otherwise traded on a Regulated Market or any other trading platform.
"EBITDA" means earnings of the Group, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (without double counting) for any 12 months period ending on the last day of the period covered by the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b),

27

calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles. For the purpose of calculating EBITDA, entities acquired or disposed of during a measurement period will be included or excluded (as applicable) for the entirety of that measurement period.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 12.1.
"Existing Credit Facilities" means (i) the secured and unsecured term loan and overdraft facilities provided by Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ), respectively, to the Issuer and Consilium Marine & Safety AB in an aggregate principal amount of approximately SEK 194,000,000, and (ii) certain other credit facilities provided to the Group. The total aggregate amount of items (i) and (ii) is approximately SEK 225,000,000 as at the date of signing of these Terms and Conditions.
"Failure to List Event" means that the Issuer on the date falling sixty (60) days from the First Issue Date has failed to ensure that the Notes are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market in accordance with Clause 11.9 (Listing).
"Final Maturity Date" means the date falling five (5) years after the First Issue Date.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent (on behalf of itself and the Noteholders) as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) moneys borrowed (including under bank financing);
(b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in the accounts for the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition are met under the Accounting Principles);
(d) any bond or note or other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(e) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) other transactions, included but not limited to futures, having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"First Issue Date" means 1 November 2012, or such later date on which the Initial Notes are issued.
"Group" means the Issuer and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.2.
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
28

"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clause 5 (Interest).
"Interest Payment Date" means 1 February, 1 May, 1 August and 1 November of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day in the same calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not) (modified following business day convention, adjusted). The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 1 February 2013 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means:
(a) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and
(b) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus 5.50 per cent. per annum.
"Issuance Costs" means costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes.
"Issuer" means Consilium AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with reg. no. 556480-3327.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Make Whole Amount" means the higher of:
(a) 103.50 per cent of the Nominal Amount (excluding accrued and unpaid interest); and
(b) an amount equal to the Nominal Amount plus all remaining scheduled Interest payments (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the Redemption Date until the Maturity Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given) on the Note until the third anniversary of the First Issue Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date), discounted (for the time period starting from the date the relevant Notes are redeemed to the third anniversary of the First Issue Date) using a discount rate equal to the yield of the Swedish Government Bond ISIN SE0001250135 with a maturity date on or about the third anniversary of the First Issue Date (or if such bonds should have been redeemed, a Swedish Government Bond maturing on or around such date) plus 0.50 per cent.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, operations, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) of the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment obligations under the Finance Documents; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means a Group Company which together with its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) has net sales or gross assets (excluding intra-group items) representing 5 per cent. or more of the total consolidated net sales or gross assets (excluding intra-group items) of the Group, in each case calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts of such Group Company (consolidated, if it has Subsidiaries) and the then latest consolidated audited accounts of the Issuer.
"Net Debt" means, on a Group consolidated basis, the aggregate amount of all interest bearing obligations other than Subordinated Debt (including pension liabilities and financial lease obligations which according to the Accounting Principles shall be treated as debt, however not including current or future leases, which as of the date hereof are considered as not being financial leases):
29

less
(a) cash and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value;
(b) for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the First Issue Date, debt securities (i) for which a recognised trading market exists, (ii) which are issued by an issuer incorporated in any member state of the European Economic Area (other than Greece or Portugal) or Switzerland, (iii) which mature within five (5) year after the relevant date of calculation, and (iv) which have a credit rating of either BBB - or higher by S&P or BBB- or higher by Fitch or Baa3 or higher by Moody's, or, if no rating is available in respect of the debt security, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long term unsecured and non credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating; and
(c) for a period of twenty-four (24) months from the First Issue Date, any investments in money market funds which invest substantially all their assets in debt securities of the types described in paragraph (b) above;
provided that the total amount of reductions under paragraphs (b) and (c) above may not exceed an amount equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Notes which is not used to refinance the Existing Financial Indebtedness.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Net Debt shall not include the marked to market value of any derivative transaction referred to in paragraph (e) of the definition of Financial Indebtedness (unless entered into for speculative purposes). To the extent a Group Company has provided cash collateral for debt owed by itself or another Group Company, the amount of such debt and the corresponding cash collateral shall be excluded from the calculation of the Net Debt.
"Net Leverage Ratio" means the ratio of total Net Debt to EBITDA.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount, less any amount redeemed pursuant to Clause 9.4 (Partial redemption as a result o f a disposal o f assets).
"Notes" means the the floating rate notes issued in accordance with these Terms and Conditions with ISIN SE0004869816, being debt instruments (skuldförbindelser) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Noteholder" means a person who is registered on a VP Account as holder of a Note. In respect of Notes registered with an authorised nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act or otherwise registered in the name of a nominee as holder, the nominee shall be deemed to be the Noteholder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions.
"Noteholders' Meeting" has the meaning set forth in Clause 14 (Noteholders 'Meeting).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to a relevant date (or such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date, if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market).
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the Notes are to be repaid in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption o f the Notes).
"Reference Dates" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.
"Reference Period" means a twelve (12) month period ending on a Reference Date or such shorter period as the context may require.
"Regulated Market" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other regulated market (reglerad marknad) (as defined in the Securities Market Act (lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden)).
30

"Relevant Party" has the meaning set forth in Clause 22.1.

"Rosenblad Party" means

(a) Platanen Holding BV and any of its Subsidiaries;

(b) any of Carl Rosenblad or his children, siblings or children of siblings or any spouse of the foregoing persons;

(c) any trust, foundation or similar legal entity where one or more of the persons mentioned in paragraph (b) is one of a limited number of beneficiaries; and

(d) any other company (publicly listed or not), partnership or other legal entity under direct or indirect control by one or more of the persons or entities under (a) and (b) above, where control, directly or indirectly, shall be deemed to be at hand if one or more of the persons under (a) and (b) alone or jointly could exercise more than twenty-five (25) per cent. of the voting rights of the highest decision making body or have the benefit of more than twenty-five (25) per cent. of the economic rights from such a company, partnership or entity.

"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"STIBOR" means:

(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen SIOR as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or

(b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by Nordea Bank AB (publ), Swedbank AB (publ) and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (or such other banks as may be appointed by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer) to leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period.

"Subordinated Debt" mean any Financial Indebtedness owed by the Issuer which is subordinated to the Notes on the terms set out in Clause 11.5.4.

"Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date at one or several occasions.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Companies Act (Aktiebolagslagen).

"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time.

"VP Account" means a securities account (account for shares and other securities (avstämningskonto)) according to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which each Noteholder's holding of Notes is registered, or such other securities account in a similar dematerialised system in which the Notes may be registered from time to time.

1.2

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as replaced, supplemented, amended, novated or varied from time to time;

31

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.

1.3

When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been

attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of

exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as

published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its web site (www.riksbank.se).

2.

STATUS OF THE NOTES AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS

2.1

The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor.

2.2

The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Initial Nominal

Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Notes is SEK 400,000,000.

2.3

All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Initial

Nominal Amount.

2.4

The Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall

be issued subject to the Terms and Conditions, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the

Interest Rate, the Nominal Amount and the Final Maturity Date. The price of the Subsequent

Notes may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount. The maximum

Total Nominal Amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and the Subsequent Notes) may not

exceed SEK 400,000,000 unless a consent from the Noteholders is obtained in accordance

with Clause 13.3 (a).

2.5

Each Subsequent Note issued in accordance with Clause 2.4 shall entitle its respective holder

to Interest only from the end of the previous Interest Period for which Interest has been paid,

but shall otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.

2.6

The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the

Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them, and at

least pari passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer other

than those mandatorily preferred by law.

2.7

Each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.

3.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, less the Issuance Costs, (i) for refinancing of the Existing Credit Facilities and (ii) for general corporate purposes.

4.

NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

4.1

The Notes will be registered on behalf of the Noteholders on a VP-Account and no physical

notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the

Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be

directed to an Account Operator. Those who according to assignment, Security, the

provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Foraldrabalken), conditions of will or

deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall

32

be required to register their entitlement to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

4.2

The Issuer and, for the purpose of or in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting under

Clause 14 (Noteholders'Meeting) or any direct communication to the Noteholders under in

Clause 15 (Decisions by way o f direct communication), the Issuing Agent, shall each be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of

the Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall request and provide such information

to the Agent.

4.3

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to individuals employed by the Agent

and the Issuing Agent, as directed by the Agent or the Issuing Agent, in order for such

individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register.

5.

INTEREST

5.1

The Initial Notes carry Interest from (but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and

including) the Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Notes carry Interest from (but excluding)

the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance up to (and including)

the Redemption Date. Interest accrues during an Interest Period.

5.2

The Notes will carry interest at the Interest Rate.

5.3

The Interest shall be calculated on an actual/360-days basis.

6.

PAYMENT OF INTEREST AND REPAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL

6.1

Payment of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be made to the Noteholders on each Interest

Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

6.2

Any payment or repayment due under the Notes shall be made to such person who is

registered as a Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment

Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on

such date as entitled to receive the relevant payment or repayment.

6.3

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall

be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the

relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the

Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. However, Interest

only accrues up to and including the relevant payment date. Should the CSD, due to a delay

on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts

according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the relevant Noteholder being

registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been

removed.

6.4

If payment or repayment is effectuated in accordance with this Clause 6, the Issuer and the

CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective if such payment

was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

7.

DEFAULT INTEREST

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) percentage units higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue in case the failure to pay was attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the relevant Interest Rate shall apply instead.

33

8.

APPOINTMENT AND DUTIES OF THE AGENT

8.1

Appointment of Agent

8.1.1

By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all

matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on

its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent) in any legal or arbitration proceedings

relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent

Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.

8.1.2

Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such

documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the

Agent), that the Agent deems necessary or desirable for the purpose of carrying out its duties

under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder

which does not comply with such request.

8.1.3

No Noteholder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Issuer in matters

relating to the Notes or the Finance Documents, unless the Agent has been instructed by the

Noteholders to take certain actions against the Issuer but refrains from taking, or is unable to

take, such actions within reasonable time.

8.1.4

For so long as any Note is outstanding, the Agent shall act with regard only to the interests of

the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or

comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the

Finance Documents.

8.2

Duties of the Agent

8.2.1

The Agent shall represent each of the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance

Documents and the Agency Agreement. The Agent is always acting with binding effect on

behalf of the Noteholders, provided that it acts in compliance with these Terms and

Conditions.

8.2.2

The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient

and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.

8.2.3

The Agent is entitled to engage external experts to a reasonable extent at the Issuer's expense

to advise the Agent when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

8.2.4

The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with

instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 13 (Noteholders 'Consent

and Instructions), or in accordance with advice from or opinions of external experts engaged

by the Agent, provided that the Agent has acted with reasonable care. However, any

compensation received by the Agent for damages caused by external experts of the Agent

shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 12.5.

8.2.5

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is

not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion

constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a duty of confidentiality.

8.2.6

Any amount received or recovered by the Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders shall be

held separated as escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) in a joint account on the Noteholders'

behalf until paid to the Noteholders.

8.2.7

If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur in

complying with instructions of the Noteholders will not be covered by an expected

distribution of proceeds in accordance with Clause 12.5, the Agent may refrain from acting

in accordance with such instructions until it has received such indemnities (or adequate

Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require, save that the Agent shall

always notify the Noteholders about an Event of Default in accordance with Clause 12.4.

34

9.

REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES

9.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the next Business Day.

9.2

Issuer's purchase of Notes

The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. The Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.

9.3

Voluntary redemption (call)

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, outstanding Notes in full prior to the Final Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to:

(a) in the case of a voluntary redemption on or prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the First Issue Date, the Make Whole Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest);

(b) in the case of a voluntary redemption after the third (3rd) anniversary of the First Issue Date but on or prior to the fourth (4th) anniversary of the First Issue Date, 103.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest);

(c) in the case of a voluntary redemption after the fourth (4th) anniversary of the First Issue Date, 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest); and

(d) provided that the voluntary redemption is financed by way of another issue of Debt Instruments, any time from and including the Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest).

9.4

Partial redemption as a result of a disposal of assets

Where the Issuer shall pursuant to Clause 11.4 (f) use proceeds from a sale of assets to partially redeem the Notes outstanding (pro rata between Notes, the percentage redeemed being the "Redeemed Percentage"), such redemption shall occur on an Interest Payment Date for the Notes occurring no later than three (3) months after the expiry of the period available for reinvestment. The redemption price per Note shall be (A) 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount multiplied with the Redeemed Percentage (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (B) accrued but unpaid Interest on the Redeemed Percentage of the Nominal Amount.

9.5

Early redemption due to illegality (call)

The Issuer may redeem all (but not some) outstanding Notes at a price per Note equal to the Nominal Amount plus accrued but unpaid Interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.

9.6

Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put)

Upon a Change of Control Event occurring, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some of, its Notes be repurchased by the Issuer, at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest), during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 10.1 (c) (after which time period such rights lapse). If a Noteholder has so requested, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period. The Notes repurchased by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.

35

9.7

Mandatory repurchase due to a Failure to List Event (put)

If a Failure to List Event occurs, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that all, or some, of its Notes be repurchased by the Issuer, at a price per Note equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount (plus accrued but unpaid Interest), during a period of twenty (20) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Failure to List Event pursuant to Clause 10.1 (d) (after which time period such rights lapse). If a Noteholder has so requested, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Notes within forty (40) Business Days from the end of such period. The Notes repurchased by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.

9.8

Notice of redemption

Redemption in accordance with Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary redemption (call)) to 9.5 (Early redemption due to illegality (call)) above shall be made by giving not less than twenty (20) nor more than forty (40) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent in accordance with Clause 21 (Notices). Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes at the applicable amounts specified above in Clauses 9.3 (Voluntary redemption (call)) to 9.5 (Early redemption due to illegality (call)).

10.

INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS

10.1

The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders and the Agent

by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Group:

(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year;

(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of each relevant period, publish such periodical interim financial statements in such intervals that is from time to time required under the Nasdaq OMX Stockholm Issuer Rulebook or otherwise by applicable law or regulations;

(c) as soon as the same become available to the Issuer, information about the occurrence of a Change of Control Event;

(d) as soon as the same become available to the Issuer, information about the occurrence of a Failure to List Event; and

(e) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed.

10.2

The Issuer shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions available on the

website of the Group.

10.3

When the financial statements are made available pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b) (or as

soon as practically possible after the request of the Agent) the Issuer shall submit to the

Agent a compliance certificate confirming that no Event of Default has occurred (or if such

Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy such Event of Default).

The compliance certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Net

Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Equity Ratio.

10.4

The Issuer is obliged to promptly notify the Agent (with full particulars) if (i) a Change of

Control Event, (ii) a Failure to List Event or (iii) any Event of Default or circumstance which

with the giving of notice or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default occurs, and

shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may request following receipt of

such notice. The Issuer shall further provide the Agent with any documents requested by it

that may be of significance for the application of Clause 12 (Event o fDefault and

36

Acceleration). Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such circumstance.

11. 11.1
11.2
11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2
11.3.3 11.4

GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
Business of the Group
The Issuer shall procure that no material change (for the avoidance of doubt including a cessation or material downsizing of the Group's business to the extent such cessation or downsizing has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect) is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Group as it is carried on as at the First Issue Date.
Authorisations
The Issuer shall (and shall procure that all Group Companies will) obtain, maintain, and comply with the terms of any authorisation, approval, licence and consent required for the conduct of its business if a failure to do so has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Mergers and de-mergers
The Issuer shall not carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating its assets and obligations with any company or entity, except for any corporate merger with a wholly owned Group Company where the Issuer is the surviving entity.
The Issuer shall procure that no Group Company shall carry out any merger or other business combination or corporate reorganisation involving consolidating the assets and obligations of the relevant Group Company, other than:
(a) with a wholly-owned Group Company;
(b) a solvent reorganisation of any Group Company; or
(c) a transaction that does not have, and is not reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect.
The Issuer shall not carry out any de-merger or other corporate reorganisation involving splitting it into two or more separate companies or entities.
Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no Group Company will) enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions (whether related or not) to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any asset, except transactions on arm's-length terms:
(a) made in the ordinary course of business;
(b) in exchange for other assets in all material respects comparable or superior as to type, value and quality to those disposed of;
(c) of obsolete, non-functioning or redundant assets for cash;
(d) by a Group Company to another Group Company (a transaction permitted by this paragraph (d) does not have to be made on arm's-length terms);
(e) of cash-equivalent investments for cash or in exchange for other cash-equivalent investments; or

37

11.5 11.5.1 11.5.2 11.5.3
11.5.4
11.5.5

(f) not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (e) above entered into for cash consideration provided that, to the extent the cash consideration (after deducting reasonable expenses incurred by any Group Company with respect to such disposals and any amount of any tax incurred or required to be paid by the seller as a result of such disposals (as reasonably determined by the seller on the basis of existing rates and taking into account any available tax deductions or allowances)) exceeds SEK 20,000,000 per calendar year (the "Excess Proceeds"), such Excess Proceeds are either (i) used for reinvestment in any other assets (excluding cash and cashequivalent investments) within 365 days after the end of such calendar year, (ii) used to repay Financial Indebtedness owing by any Group Company (other than to another Group Company) no later than three (3) months after the expiry of the 365 day-period referred to in paragraph (i) above or (iii) used to make a partial redemption of the Notes in accordance with Clause 9.4 (Partial redemption as a result o f a disposal o f assets).
Financial covenants and new Debt Instruments
The Issuer shall procure that the Net Leverage Ratio for the Reference Period ending on each Reference Date shall not exceed 4.00:1.
The Issuer shall procure that the Consolidated Equity Ratio on each Reference Date is not less than 25 per cent.
The Issuer shall after the expiry of the relevant Reference Period have the right to reduce the Net Debt and increase the Consolidated Equity on a 1:1 basis for the purpose of re calculating the Net Leverage Ratio and the Consolidated Equity Ratio for such Reference Period and Reference Date, respectively, (an "Equity Cure") provided that:
(a) The amount used to reduce the Net Debt and increase the Consolidated Equity (the "Cure Amount") shall be obtained by the Issuer as new share capital, shareholders' contribution or as Subordinated Debt before the delivery of the compliance certificate pursuant to Clause 10.3 relating to the first Reference Period to which the Equity Cure is attributable.
(b) On recalculating the financial covenant ratios for any Reference Period following the receipt of a Cure Amount such amount shall reduce the Net Debt and increase the Consolidated Equity and be deemed to have been obtained immediately prior to the Reference Date for the first Reference Period.
The Issuer shall ensure that the Subordinated Debt (if any) shall be subordinated, as documented in a subordination agreement entered into between the lender of such Subordinated Debt, the Issuer and the Agent, so that the lenders of any Subordinated Debt may not, without the Noteholders' consent:
(a) demand or receive payment, prepayment or repayment of, or interest on, or accept discharge by way of set-off, of any Subordinated Debt, provided that such payments may be made in accordance with the same principles as apply to distributions under Clause 11.8 (Dividends and distributions);
(b) receive or permit to subsist, any Security or other encumbrance, or receive or allow to subsist any financial support, for any Subordinated Debt;
(c) assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Subordinated Debt to a third party; or
(d) commence any proceedings against a Group Company in respect of any Subordinated Debt, including applying for enforcement of any amount outstanding or for liquidation or bankruptcy.
If there is a change in the Accounting Principles or in the interpretation of such principles, the Issuer may propose to the Noteholders such amendments to the financial covenants and/or the definitions used as it considers to be necessary or desirable (including a date when such proposed amendments shall start to apply). If the proposed amendments are approved in

38

11.5.6 11.6 11.6.1
11.6.2 11.7 11.7.1

accordance with Clause 13.5, they shall apply as approved. If the proposed amendments are not approved or if no such proposal is made by the Issuer, the financial covenants shall continue to be calculated by applying the Accounting Principles as they were applied before the change thereof or of the interpretation thereof.
Any Debt Instruments issued by any Group Company may not mature prior to the Final Maturity Date.
Financial Indebtedness
Subject to Clause 11.6.2, the Issuer shall procure that no Group Company (other than the Issuer) will incur or allow to subsist any Financial Indebtedness other than:
(a) Financial Indebtedness between Group Companies;
(b) any hedging arrangement or derivative transaction (unless for speculative purposes);
(c) guarantees and normal liabilities having the effect of Financial Indebtedness in the ordinary course of business with a maximum duration of 365 days; and
(d) any local overdraft facilities and counter indemnity obligations referred to in Clause 11.7.3 (g);
(e) Financial Indebtedness not permitted by paragraphs (a) - (d) above which does not in aggregate exceed the higher of:
(i) SEK 125,000,000; and
(ii) 130 per cent. of the EBITDA of the Group for the last Reference Period.
(f) When calculating EBITDA under paragraph (e)(ii) above for the purposes of any acquisition, EBITDA shall be calculated on a pro forma basis and include the auditor reviewed (översiktligt granskad) EBITDA of the relevant entity to be acquired (determined from its latest audited financial statements) for the 12 months period ending on the last day of Reference Period covered by the financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause 10.1 (a) or (b).
Any Financial Indebtedness in excess of SEK 125,000,000 incurred in accordance with paragraph (e)(ii) above shall be permitted to subsist even if the EBITDA of the Group as at any subsequent Reference Period is decreased.
Negative pledge
Subject to Clause 11.7.3 the Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no other Group Company will):
(a) create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues;
(b) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or re-acquired by any Group Company;
(c) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms;
(d) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or
(e) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect,
in respect of items (b) to (e), in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset.

39

11.7.2 11.7.3
11.8

The Issuer shall not (and shall procure that no Group Company will) create or allow to subsist any Security over any of its assets or revenues to secure Debt Instruments (other than the Notes).
Clause 11.7.1 does not apply to:
(a) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by a Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements (including cash-pooling arrangements) for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances;
(b) any Security for, or close-out netting or set-off arrangement in respect of, hedging transactions (unless for speculative purposes);
(c) any Security arising by operation of law, retention-of-title arrangements relating to prepayments or similar arrangements, each in the ordinary course of business and not as a result of any default or omission by a Group Company;
(d) any Security over any asset leased under financial or capital leases entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(e) any Security over an asset, business or company acquired by a Group Company (directly or indirectly) which (i) existed on the date of the acquisition, (ii) is created for the purpose of securing Financial Indebtedness incurred or increased for the purpose of financing the relevant acquisition, or (iii) is renewed or extended upon renewal or extension or refinancing or replacement of the any Financial Indebtedness referred to in paragraph (i) or (ii), in each case provided that such Security may only secure Financial Indebtedness in an amount which does not exceed sixty (60) per cent. of the purchase price (on a debt free basis) for the acquired asset, business or company;
(f) any Security over goods or documents of title to goods arising in the ordinary course of letter of credit transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business;
(g) any cash collateral or other Security for local overdraft facilities, counter indemnity obligation under any bank guarantee or letter of credit issued by a bank or financial institution, and drawings under any such bank guarantee or letter of credit, which in each case is provided in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Group Company;
(h) until a date falling ten (10) Business Days after the First Issue Date, Security for the Existing Credit Facilities;
(i) Security over real property existing on the First Issue Date in a maximum amount of SEK 8,000,000;
(j) any Security or preferential arrangement given with the prior consent of the Noteholders; or
(k) any Security or preferential arrangement not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (j) above, securing indebtedness in an amount which does not in aggregate exceed SEK 20,000,000.
Dividends and distributions
The Issuer will not (i) make, pay or declare any dividend or other distribution in relation to any shares forming part of its issued share capital or make any repurchase of shares or (ii) repay or pay interest on any Subordinated Debt, except for
(a) any dividend resolved at the annual meeting of the shareholders, and
(b) any repayment of or interest payment on Subordinated Debt,
which together does not exceed fifty (50) per cent. of the net profit for the immediately preceding financial year.

40

11.9
11.10 11.10.1
11.10.2

Listing
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes are listed within thirty (30) days from the First Issue Date on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or, if such listing is not possible to obtain, on another Regulated Market. The Issuer shall, following a listing, take all actions on its part to maintain the listing of the Notes as long as any Notes are outstanding, however not longer than up to and including the last day on which trading in the Notes on the exchange reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations by the exchange and the CSD, take place before the Redemption Date.
Undertakings in relation to the Agent
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:
(a) pay remuneration to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for all costs, losses or liabilities; and
(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent.
The Issuer shall not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.

12.

EVENT OF DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION

12.1

The Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Noteholders, declare all, but not only some, of the

Notes due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines by notice to

the Issuer, if (each an "Event of Default"):

(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;
(b) a breach of any financial covenant stipulated in Clause 11.5.1 or 11.5.2, unless such breach has been cured in accordance with Clause 11.5.3;
(c) the Issuer does not comply with any terms or conditions of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above), unless the non-compliance:
(i) is capable of remedy; and
(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(d) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than any variation in accordance with Clause 18), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect (directly or indirectly) on the interests of the Noteholders;
(e) any Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on its debts, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, or commences negotiations with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)), or is subject to

41

liquidation (other than any solvent liquidation of a Group Company other than the Issuer);

(f) any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default or termination event (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (f) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness declared to be or otherwise becoming due and payable is less than SEK 15,000,000; or

(g) the Existing Credit Facilities have not been repaid in full within ten (10) Business Days after the First Issue Date.

12.2

Upon an Event of Default, the Agent shall notify the Noteholders thereof and consider

whether it shall accelerate the Notes (without having to obtain the Noteholders' prior

consent) by notice to the Issuer, on a date determined by the Agent. The Agent shall, within

five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received knowledge of that an Event

of Default has occurred, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not

to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly obtain the instructions of the Noteholders in

accordance with Clause 13 (Noteholders 'consent). If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to

accelerate the Notes or declare the Notes payable on demand, the Agent shall (subject to

Clause 8.2.7) promptly act in accordance with such instructions.

12.3

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of

appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.

12.4

In the event of an acceleration in accordance with this Clause 12, the Issuer shall redeem the

Notes with an amount equal to the redemption price set out in Clause 9.3 (Voluntary

redemption (call)) (as applicable considering when such event of acceleration occurs).

12.5

When the Notes have been accelerated in accordance with this Clause 12, all proceeds shall

be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the

Agent:

(a) first, to pay the Agent Fee and any other amount owed to the Agent under the Agency Agreement including all costs and indemnities relating to the enforcement of the Notes or the protection of the Noteholders' rights;
(b) secondly, to pay Interest on the Notes pro rata;
(c) thirdly, to pay principal on the Notes pro rata; and
(d) fourthly, to pay any other costs or outstanding amounts under the Finance Documents pro rata.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

13.

NOTEHOLDERS' CONSENT AND INSTRUCTIONS

13.1

A request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by the

Noteholders shall (at the option of the party making the request) be dealt with at a

Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder:

(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, the provisions in Clause 14 (Noteholders'Meeting) shall apply.
(b) if by way of direct communication, the provisions in Clause 15 (Decisions by way o f direct communication) shall apply.

42

13.2

A request by the Issuer or the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter not

covered by Clause 13.1 or a request by a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least

ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for any decision by the Noteholders shall

always be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.

13.3

The following matters shall require the consent of the Issuer and Noteholders representing at

least 80 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a

Noteholders' Meeting or replying to a communication from the Agent or the Issuer:

(a) issue of any Subsequent Notes if the total nominal amount of the Notes exceeds, or if such issue would cause the total nominal amount of the Notes to at any time exceed, SEK 400,000,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, for which consent shall be required at each occasion such Subsequent Notes are issued);

(b) a change to the terms of Clause 2 (Status o f the Notes and undertaking to make payments);

(c) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 12.5;

(d) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholder consent;

(e) an extension of the term of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(f) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount; and

(g) early redemption of the Notes, other than as permitted by these Terms and Conditions or as a result of any action taken under Clause 12 (Event o fDefault and acceleration).

13.4

Any change to, or waiver of, the Finance Documents that does not require a higher majority

shall, in addition to the consent of the Issuer, require the consent of Noteholders representing

at least 67 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a

Noteholders' Meeting or replying to a communication from the Agent or the Issuer.

13.5

Any matter not covered by Clauses 13.3 and 13.4 (including for the avoidance of doubt any

instruction to accelerate under Clause 12 (Event o fDefault and acceleration)) shall require

the consent of Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal

Amount held by the Noteholders voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or replying to a

communication from the Agent or the Issuer.

13.6

Notes held by a Group Company shall not entitle to participation in decisions in respect of

matters requiring Noteholders' consent or any voting rights at a Noteholders' Meeting.

13.7

A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to

which it is entitled in the same way.

13.8

A matter decided by a resolution passed at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting

or by way of direct communication with each Noteholder is binding on all Noteholders,

irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding

to a communication or how they have voted.

13.9

Notice of the result of the voting on a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of direct

communication with each Noteholder shall be published by the Agent and the Issuer on their

respective web-sites within ten (10) Business Days of such result being known, provided that

the non-publication of such notice shall not invalidate such result.

14.

NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING

14.1

Each of (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Agent, and (iii) a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at

least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, may at any time call for a meeting

43

among the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Agent (a "Noteholders' Meeting"). Such request shall be made in writing to the Agent.

14.2

The Noteholders' Meeting may, subject to the requirements set out in Clause 13

(Noteholders 'consent and instructions), decide upon any issue or matter in relation to the

Finance Documents.

14.3

The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each

Noteholder, no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a meeting request from the

Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or

administrative reasons). The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the

meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including any request by the Issuer or the Agent for

consent, approval or agreement by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney.

The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no later than ten (10) Business Days from the

Agent's notice. Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Noteholders'

Meeting by sending a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with this Clause 14.3. After a

request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 16.3 the Issuer shall convene a Noteholders'

Meeting in accordance with this Clause 14.3 no later than ten (10) Business Days after

receipt of such request.

14.4

Subject to the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the calling and/or the holding of Noteholders' Meetings as the

Agent may deem appropriate.

14.5

Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing:

(a) in the case of any matter referred to in Clause 13.3, at least fifty (50) per cent; and

(b) in the case of any matter not covered by Clauses 13.3, twenty (20) per cent,

of the Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives).

14.6

If a quorum does not exist at one Noteholders' Meeting, such Noteholders' Meeting may not

make any resolution and the Agent shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in

accordance with Clause 14.3). The quorum requirement in Clause 14.5 shall not apply to

such second Noteholders' Meeting.

14.7

Only such persons who are, or who have been provided with a power of attorney by a person

who is, registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the date of the

Noteholder's Meeting may participate and exercise voting rights as a Noteholder.

15.

DECISIONS BY WAY OF DIRECT COMMUNICATION

15.1

If the Issuer or the Agent determines that a request by it for consent, approval, instructions or

agreement by the Noteholders shall be decided by way of direct communication, the Agent

shall, no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer (or such

later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons), send a

communication to each such person who is registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the

Record Date prior to the date on which the communication is sent, by registered mail in

accordance with Clause 21 (Notices). Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may

send such communication to each Noteholder.

15.2

A communication from the Agent or the Issuer in accordance with Clause 15.1 shall include

(i) the request by the Issuer or the Agent for consent, approval, instructions or agreement by

the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for the request, (iii) a form for replying to

the request (with an option to vote yes or no for each request) and (iv) the stipulated time

period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to be at least

twenty (20) Business Days after the date on which the communication was dispatched).

44

15.3

No quorum requirement shall apply in respect of decisions taken by way of direct

communication.

15.4

Only such persons who are, or who have been provided with a power of attorney by a person

who is, registered as Noteholder on a VP Account on the Record Date prior to the

distribution of the communication pursuant to Clause 15.1 may exercise voting rights as a

Noteholder.

16.

REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT

16.1

Subject to Clauses 16.4 to 16.8, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the

Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders may appoint a successor Agent.

16.2

If the Agent is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, insolvent, or

admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7

9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other

jurisdiction), suspends making payments on its debts, by reason of actual or anticipated

financial difficulties, or commences negotiations with a view to rescheduling any of its

indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company

Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om foretagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any

other jurisdiction)), or is subject to liquidation, the Agent shall be deemed to have resigned as

Agent with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a

successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable

company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances. If the Issuer fails to appoint a

successor agent within such ten (10) Business Days period, the Issuing Agent may instead

appoint a successor Agent satisfying the aforementioned conditions.

16.3

A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer, require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for

the purpose of dismissing the Agent (including any Agent appointed by the Issuer or the

Issuing Agent pursuant to Clause 16.2). The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened

by it or by way of direct communication initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the

Agent be dismissed. A decision to dismiss the Agent and a decision to appoint a successor

Agent shall each require the consent of the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 13.5.

16.4

If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent in accordance with Clause 16.1

within ninety (90) days after the notice of resignation was given or the Agent was dismissed

through a decision by the Noteholders, the Agent shall appoint a reputable party as successor

Agent.

16.5

The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such

documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably

request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.

16.6

The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a

successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the

execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the Agent.

16.7

Upon the appointment of a successor Agent, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any

further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement but shall

remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement in

respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the

Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst

themselves under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement as they would have

had if such successor had been the original Agent.

16.8

In the event that there is a change in the identity of the Agent in accordance with this Clause

16, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may

reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and

45

obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.

17.

REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions or be dismissed by the Issuer provided that the Issuer has approved that a business bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the retiring Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial re-organisation according to law or regulations from a supervising authority, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent which immediately shall replace the retiring Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

18.

AMENDMENTS TO THE FINANCE DOCUMENTS

18.1

The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to waive, amend or

modify the Finance Documents, provided that:

(a) such amendment or waiver does not adversely affect the interest of the Noteholders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or

(b) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 13 (Noteholders'Consent and Instructions).

18.2

The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendment or waiver made in

accordance with Clause 18.1, setting out the date from which such amendment or waiver will

be effective.

18.3

Any amendment or waiver made in accordance with Clause 18.1 is binding on each

Noteholder.

18.4

Any amendment or waiver which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or

adversely affects the rights of the Issuer shall require the Issuer's consent.

19.

NO PETITION

A Noteholder may not take any actions whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or procure the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Issuer or the making of an administration order in relation to the Issuer or the filing of documents with a court or enforcement agency in relation to the Issuer or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Issuer, in each case in respect of any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, other than to the extent expressly permitted under Clause 8.1.3.

20.

PRESCRIPTION

20.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become

void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest

(excluding capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the

relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in

respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has

become void.

20.2

If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act

on Limitations (Preskriptionslag 1981:130), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with

respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years

with respect to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in

46

both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.

21.

NOTICES

21.1

Any communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be

given to:

(a) the Agent at Swedish Trustee, c/o Stiftelsen Ackordscentralen, Strandvägen 35, 114 56 Stockholm, email: mail@swedishtrustee.se (or such other details as the Agent may publish on its website from time to time),

(b) the Issuer at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket), and

(c) the Noteholders at their addresses as registered with the CSD,

in each case when the communication is dispatched or, in respect of Clause 15 (Decisions by way o f direct communication), on the Record Date set out in Clause 15.1.

21.2

Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under or in

connection with the Finance Documents will only be effective:

(a) if by way of fax, when received in legible form;

(b) if by way of e-mail, when the recipient has confirmed receipt; or

(c) if by way of letter, when it has been left at the relevant address or five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the post postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address;

and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details, if addressed to that department or officer.

21.3

Any notice received on a non-working day or after business hours in the place of receipt will

only be deemed to be given on the next working day in that place.

22.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

22.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent (each a "Relevant Party") shall be held responsible

for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public

authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance. The

reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if a Relevant

Party itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

22.2

Should an obstacle described in Clause 22.1 which prevents a Relevant Party from taking any

action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed

until the obstacle has been removed.

22.3

Damage that may arise for a Noteholder in other cases than Clause 22.1 shall not be

indemnified by:

(a) the Issuing Agent if it has observed normal care; and

(b) the Agent unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct.

22.4

The Relevant Parties shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross

negligence and wilful misconduct.

22.5

The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an

account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent

47

provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

22.6

The provisions in this Clause 22 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the

Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

23.

RIGHT TO REPRESENT A NOTEHOLDER

23.1

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Notes owned by it. Any such representative may act

independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Notes for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder.

23.2

If the beneficial owner (ägaren) of any Notes registered in the name of a nominee wishes to

exercise any rights under these Terms and Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney

from the nominee.

24.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

24.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

24.2

The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in

connection with these Terms and Conditions (including a dispute regarding the existence,

validity or termination of this Agreement). The City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms

tingsrätt) shall be court of first instance.

24.3

Clause 24.2 is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Agent only. As a result, the

Noteholders and the Agent shall not be prevented from taking proceedings in any other

courts with jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets. To the extent allowed by law, they

may take concurrent proceedings in any number ofjurisdictions.

48

Addresses
THE ISSUER Consilium AB (publ) Visiting address: Västra Finnbodavägen 2-4 Postal address: P.O. Box 5028 SE-131 05 Nacka Sweden Telephone: +46 (0)8 563 053 00 www.consilium.se
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå Visiting address: Norrlandsgatan 21 Postal address: P.O. Box 1711 SE-111 87 Stockholm Sweden www. mannheimerswartling. se

JOINT BOOKRUNNERS Nordea Bank AB (publ) Visiting address: Smalandsgatan 17 Postal address: C23, 105 71 Stockholm Sweden
www.nordea.se
Swedbank AB (publ) Large Corporates & Institutions Visiting address: Regeringsgatan 13 SE-105 34 Stockholm Sweden
www.swedbank.se

49

CONSILIUM AB (PUBL) Västra Finnbodavägen 2-4 , SE-131 05 Nacka, Sweden
www.consilium.se
50

