Execution version
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BONG AB (publ) SEK 200,000,000
SENIOR SECURED FIXED RATE NOTES ISIN: SE0007820444
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering o f the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution o f this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in anyjurisdiction other than Sweden, where action fo r that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
a\ M ANNHEIM ER SWARTLING W WW.M ANNHEIM&RSW ARTLING.SE

LEGAL#13106259v3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION......................................................................................... 3

2. STATUS OF THE NOTES................................................................................................................. 9

3. USE OF PROCEEDS......................................................................................................................... 10

4. CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT......................................................................................... 10

5. ESCROW OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................... 11

6. NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM .................................................................................................13

7. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER................................................................13

8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES................................................................................13

9. INTEREST..........................................................................................................................................14

10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES..............................................................15

11. TRANSACTION SECURITY.......................................................................................................... 17

12. INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS......................................................................................... 19

13. GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS....................................................................................................... 20

14. FINANCIAL COVENANTS............................................................................................................24

15. ACCELERATION OF THE N O TES..............................................................................................26

16. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS.................................................................................................. 28

17. DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS......................................

29

18. NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING........................................................................................................ 32

19. WRITTEN PROCEDURE................................................................................................................ 32

20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS................................................................................................. 33

21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT...................................................... 33

22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT..................................... 36

23. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE C S D ............................................................ 37

24. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS............................................................................. 37

25. PRESCRIPTION................................................................................................................................37

26. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES..............................................................................................38

27. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY........................................................... 39

28. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION................................................................................. 39

3(40)

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning o f Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time) as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual consolidated financial statements.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.

"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i). For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.

"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Applicable Premium" means the higher of:

(a) 1.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; and

(b) an amount equal to:

(i)

100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount; plus

(ii) all remaining scheduled Interest payments on the Note until the Final Maturity Date (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date),

both sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) discounted (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the Final Maturity Date or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be) using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given of the Swedish Bond Rate plus 0.50 per cent., minus

4(40)
(iii) the Nominal Amount.
For the purpose of calculating the Applicable Premium, the "Swedish Bond Rate" means direct obligations of Sweden {statsobligationer) with a fixed maturity most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Final Maturity Date, provided that:
(a) if the period from the Redemption Date to the Final Maturity Date is not equal to the fixed maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden for which such yields are given; and
(b) if the period from the Redemption Date to the Final Maturity Date is less than one (1) year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden adjusted to a fixed maturity of one year shall be used.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve {midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve {nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day.
"Capital Expenditure" means, in relation to any period, any expenditure made or committed to be made, which is treated as capital expenditure in accordance with the Accounting Principles and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, include Finance Leases, but exclude any expenditure made or committed to be made in respect of acquisitions and investments in any interest in the share capital or partnership interest or the business, undertaking or assets constituting a separate business.
"Change of Control Event" means that:
(a) shares in the Issuer cease to be listed on a Regulated Market or an MTF;
(b) Holdham S.A. (including any person under common control with Holdham S.A.) ceases to control at least 35,000,000 shares and votes in the Issuer; or
(c) one person, or several persons who are not shareholders as of the First Issue Date and either (i) are, in respect of individuals, related, (ii) are, in respect of legal entities, members of the same group, or (iii) who act or have agreed to act in concert, (A) acquiring shares representing more than fifty (50) per cent of the votes in the Issuer, (B) establishing control over more than fifty (50) per cent of the votes in the Issuer, or (C) obtaining the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Convertible Bonds" means the subordinated and unsecured convertible bonds issued by the Issuer under the bond series 2013/2018 with ISIN SE0005281821.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.

5(40)
"Debt Instruments" means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are or are intended to be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means the interest bearing bank account held by the Issuer with the Escrow Bank for the purpose of the arrangement specified in Clause 5 (Escrow o f proceeds).
"Escrow Bank" means Nordea Bank AB (publ).
"Euro" and "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Financing" means the SEK 637,000,000 credit facilities agreement entered into between, inter alia, the Issuer and Bong International AB as borrowers, and the Existing Lenders, originally dated 24 March 2010, as amended and amended and restated.
"Existing Lenders" means Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ).
"Final Maturity Date" means 21 December 2018.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Finance Lease" means any lease which in accordance with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability, provided that any existing or future leases which would at the First Issue Date have been treated as operating leases, shall not be considered as being finance leases due to any subsequent change in the Accounting Principles.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) moneys borrowed (including under any bank financing or Debt Instrument);
(b) the amount of any liability under any Finance Leases;
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(e) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against, or in order to benefit from, the fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and

6(40)
(g) without double-counting, liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfmansiella instrument).
"First Issue Date" means 21 December 2015.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.
"GBP" means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act {lag (1996:764) omforetagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 30 June and 31 December in each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 30 June 2016 (or, if earlier, the Redemption Date) and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant). An Interest Period shall not be adjusted due to an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Interest Rate" means 10.0 per cent, per annum.
"Issuer" means Bong AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556034-1579.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the CSD Regulations.

7(40)
"MTF" means any multilateral trading facility (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Net Disposal Proceeds" means the proceeds received in cash from any sale or disposal less any costs relating to the sale or disposal, any fees and any tax relating to the sale or disposal.
"Net Proceeds" means the gross proceeds from the offering of the relevant Notes, minus (i) in respect of the Initial Notes, the costs incurred by the Group in conjunction with the issuance thereof, and (ii) in respect of any Subsequent Notes, the costs incurred by the Group in conjunction with the issuance thereof
"Nominal Amount" means in respect of each Note the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which that Note has been redeemed in part pursuant to Clause 10.4 ( Voluntary partial redemption).
"Note" means a debt instrument {skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Note Loan" means the loan constituted by these Terms and Conditions and evidenced by the Notes.
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner {ägare) or nominee {förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 18 {Noteholders' Meeting).
"Parallel Debt" has the meaning set forth in Clause 11.6.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 16 {Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 5.4 or Clause 10 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes).
"Refinancing Amount" means SEK 180,000,000, plus any accrued and unpaid interest under the Existing Financing from 1 February 2016.
"Refinancing Date" means the date of the purchase of part of the Existing Financing with the Refinancing Amount.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement.

8(40)

"Secured Parties" means the Noteholders and the Agent (including in its capacity as Agent under the Agency Agreement).

"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.

"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.

"Security Documents" means (i) a Swedish law pledge agreement in respect of the shares in Bong International AB, (ii) a German law pledge agreement in respect of the shares in Bong GmbH, (iii) a Swedish law pledge agreement in respect of security over a SEK 200,000,000 intra-group loan with the Issuer as creditor and Bong International AB as debtor, and (iv) a Swedish law pledge agreement in respect of the funds standing to the credit on the Escrow Account.

"Special Mandatory Redemption" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.3.

"Subordinated Loans" means (i) the Convertible Bonds, and (ii) any other debt (whether in the form of loans or Debt Instruments) (a) incurred by the Issuer, (b) with a scheduled final maturity date falling after the Final Maturity Date, (c) with no cash-payment of interest prior to the Final Maturity Date, and (d) which is subordinated to the Notes at least in case of bankruptcy o f the Issuer.

"Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.

"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (<dotterforetag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).

"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.

"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Documents.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 19 ( Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

9(40)

1.2.2 1.2.3
1.2.4 1.2.5 2. 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4
2.5

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, selfregulatory or other authority or organisation;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
STATUS OF THE NOTES
The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
The initial nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 250,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The aggregate nominal amount of the Initial Notes as at the First Issue Date is SEK 200,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
Following the prior approval of the Noteholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may, on one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The issue price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes is not limited. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes.
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among them

and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance Documents.
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of the Initial Notes, for purchase of an amount under the Existing Financing equal to the Refinancing Amount and for general corporate purposes.
The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of any Subsequent Notes, for its general corporate purposes.
CONDITIONS FOR DISBURSEMENT
The Issuing Agent shall pay the Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Notes into the Escrow Account on the later of (i) the First Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Agent notifies the Issuing Agent that it has received the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:
(a) the Terms and Conditions, the Security Document relating to the Escrow Account and the Agency Agreement duly executed by the Issuer;
(b) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Initial Notes, the terms of the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement, and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith;
(c) the articles of association and certificate of incorporation of the Issuer;
(d) evidence that the person(s) who has/have signed the Finance Documents, the Agency Agreement and any other documents in connection therewith on behalf of the Issuer is/are duly authorised to do so; and
(e) such other documents and information as is specified in the Security Document relating to the Escrow Account or otherwise agreed between the Agent and the Issuer.

11(40)

4.2

The Issuing Agent shall pay the Net Proceeds from the issuance of any Subsequent Notes

to the Issuer on the later of (i) the date of the issue of such Subsequent Notes and (ii) the

date on which the Agent notifies the Issuing Agent that it has received the following, in

form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:

(a) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Subsequent Notes and resolving to enter into documents necessary in
connection therewith;

(b) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the issue of the Subsequent Notes; and

(c) such other documents and information as is agreed between the Agent and the Issuer.

4.3

The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 or 4.2

is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case,

and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.

4.4

The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 or 4.2, as

the case may be, have been satisfied.

5.

ESCROW OF PROCEEDS

5.1

Upon the Issuer providing to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, or

the Agent waiving any such requirement:

(a) the Security Documents (other than the Security Document relating to the Escrow Account) duly executed by the Issuer;

(b) evidence that when an amount equal to the Refinancing Amount has been purchased under the Existing Financing, all Security provided for the Existing Financing will be simultaneously released and all amounts under such financing not purchased by the Net Proceeds will be extinguished;

(c) evidence that the Issuer has filed a registration form with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) in respect of the conversion of all Convertible
Bonds to shares in the Issuer;

(d) evidence that on or about the Refinancing Date:

(i) subscription warrants with a tenor of three (3) years allowing for subscription of 50,000 shares in the Issuer at a subscription price of SEK 1.15 per share (subject to applicable calculation adjustments due to changes in the share capital of the Issuer); and

(ii) 28,935 shares in the Issuer,

per Note, will be transferred to the securities account of each person who was registered as a Bondholder on the First Issue Date;

12(40)

(e) an officer's certificate to the following effect:

(i) the Refinancing Amount on the Escrow Account will be used towards purchase of the Existing Financing;

(ii) immediately after release of the Security in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the security pursuant to the Security Documents (except for the Security over the Escrow Account) will (as applicable) be duly perfected in accordance with their terms; and

(iii) as at the date of the officer's certificate, no Event of Default is outstanding or will occur due to the consummation of the purchase of the Existing Financing; and

(f) a legal opinion as to the enforceability of the German law Transaction Security in respect of the shares in Bong GmbH;

then the Agent shall:

(a) first, instruct the Escrow Bank to promptly transfer the Refinancing Amount standing to the credit on the Escrow Account for purchase of the Existing Financing; and

(b) secondly, release the Security over the Escrow Account.

5.2

The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 5.1 is

accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and

the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation.

5.3

If the Issuer has not provided the conditions precedent set out in Clause 5.1 to the Agent, in

form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, on or before the earlier of:

(a) the date of a valid resolution by the meeting of the holders of the Convertible Bonds, to the effect that the condition precedent set out in Clause 5.1(c) cannot be fulfilled;

(b) the date of a valid resolution by the general meeting of shareholders in the Issuer, to the effect that the conditions precedent set out in Clause 5.1(d) cannot be fulfilled; and

(c) 31 March 2016,

the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, o f the outstanding Notes in full at the amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, at a amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid Interest (a "Special Mandatory Redemption") The Agent may fund a Special Mandatory Redemption with the amounts standing to the credit on the Escrow Account.

5.4

A Special Mandatory Redemption shall be made by the Issuer giving notice to the

Noteholders and the Agent promptly following the date when the Special Mandatory

Redemption is triggered pursuant to Clause 5.3. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in

full at the applicable amount on a date specified in the notice from the Issuer, such date to

fall no later than ten (10) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.

13(40)

6.

NOTES IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

6.1

The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Accounts

and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in

accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to

the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

6.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise

have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts

Act.

6.3

The Issuer and the Agent shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the debt

register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the Agent,

the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent. For the

purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out o f the Finance

Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register

kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

6.4

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.

6.5

The Issuer and the Agent may use the information referred to in Clause 6.3 and 6.4 only for

the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in accordance with the

Finance Documents and shall not disclose such information to any Noteholder or third

party unless necessary for such purposes.

7.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER

7.1

If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation

starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.

7.2

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Notes for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Noteholder by way of a further power of attorney.

7.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7.2 and may assume that it has

been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force

and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to

the contrary.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES

8.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of

a repurchase of any Notes requested by a Noteholder pursuant to these Terms and

14(40)

Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

8.2

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any

other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected

by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by

the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.

Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able

to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the

persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible

after such obstacle has been removed.

8.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest

shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9.4 during such postponement.

8.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

8.5

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by virtue

of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

Each Initial Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from

(but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.

Any Subsequent Note will carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal

Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its

issuance (or the First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (and

including) the relevant Redemption Date.

9.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Notes shall

be made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest

Period.

9.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis o f a 360-day year comprised o f twelve months of

30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed

(30/360-days basis).

9.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due

date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date

up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) per cent, higher

than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest

shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in

which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

15(40)

10. 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.3.1
10.3.2
10.4 10.4.1 10.4.2

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE NOTES
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
Purchase of Notes by Group Companies
Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. Notes held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled by the Issuer.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full:
(a) at any time to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount per Note equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, plus the Applicable Premium; and
(b) notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, provided that the redemption is financed by way of an issue of Debt Instruments, any time from the Business Day falling three (3) months prior to the Final Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Final Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Voluntary partial redemption (call option)
The Issuer may, on one or several occasions, redeem an amount (including any amounts previously redeemed pursuant to this Clause 10.4) not exceeding fifty (50) per cent, o f the total aggregate Initial Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding, at a price equal to 106 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid Interest on the redeemed amounts. Partial redemption shall reduce the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata.
The Issuer may in connection with the sale or disposal of a Subsidiary, or following the sale or disposal of all or substantially all of a Subsidiary's assets, redeem in whole or in part all outstanding Notes by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Note pro rata. The partial redemption must be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Net Disposal Proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt a partial redemption shall not occur where the amount to be redeemed pro rata per Note is less than SEK 1,000. The

16(40)

10.4.3
10.5 10.5.1 10.5.2
10.6 10.6.1
10.6.2
10.6.3

redemption price per Note shall be 106 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus accrued but unpaid interest on the redeemed amount.
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4.1 or 10.4.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in part at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Swedish Kronor and rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 10.5.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse), have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1.
If Noteholders representing more than 80 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Notes held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.6.1 send a notice to the remaining Noteholders, if any, giving them a further opportunity

17(40)

10.6.4 10.6.5 10.6.6
10.6.7
11.
11.1
11.2
11.3

to request that Notes held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date such notice is effective. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, or shall procure that a person designated by the Issuer will, repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6.3. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period of twenty (20) Business Days referred to in this Clause 10.6.3.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.6 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.6 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.6, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event offers to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 10.6 (or on terms more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 10.6, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
No repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Clause 10.6 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 ( Voluntary total redemption (call option)) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
TRANSACTION SECURITY
As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Agent. However, the Transaction Security in respect of the shares in Bong GmbH is granted directly to the Agent for the Parallel Debt. The Transaction Security in respect of the Escrow Account shall be granted on or before the First Issue Date and all other Transaction Security shall be granted on or about the Refinancing Date. The Transaction Security shall be provided and (as applicable) perfected pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents entered into or to be entered into between the Issuer and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Secured Parties. The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents.
The Agent shall, on behalf of the Secured Parties, keep all certificates and other documents that are bearers of rights relating to the Transaction Security in safe custody.
Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Noteholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Noteholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third

18(40)

party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Noteholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.

11.4

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Secured Parties, the Agent may instruct the

CSD in the name and on behalf of the Issuer to arrange for payments to the Secured Parties

under the Finance Documents and change the bank account registered with the CSD and

from which payments under the Notes are made to another bank account. The Issuer shall

immediately upon request by the Agent provide it with any such documents, including a

written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the CSD),

that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out

its duties under this Clause 11.4.

11.5

The Agent shall be entitled to release all Transaction Security upon the full discharge of

the Secured Obligations and, as regards the Security over the Escrow Account, in

accordance with Clause 5 (Escrow o fproceeds).

11.6

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents, the Issuer irrevocably and

unconditionally undertakes and acknowledges by way of an abstract acknowledgement of

indebtedness to pay to the Agent, as creditor in its own right and not as representative of

the Noteholders, sums equal to and in the currency of each amount payable by the Issuer to

each of the Secured Parties under or by virtue of the Finance Documents as and when that

amount falls due for payment thereunder or would have fallen due but for any suspension

of payment, moratorium, discharge by operation of law or analogous event (the "Parallel

Debt"). The aggregate amount which may become due under the Parallel Debt owed by the

Issuer shall never exceed the aggregate amount which may become due under the Finance

Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parallel Debt will become due and payable at

the same time and to the same extent as any amounts owed or incurred by the Issuer under

the Finance Documents become due and payable. Any amounts received by the Agent

under the Parallel Debt shall be applied in accordance with Clause 16 {Distribution o f

proceeds).

11.7

The right of the Agent under the Parallel Debt shall be irrespective of any suspension,

extinction or any other discharge for any reason whatsoever (otherwise than by payment)

of the Issuer's obligation to pay those amounts to the Secured Parties other than a

discharge by virtue of payment which the Secured Parties are entitled to retain.

11.8

Any amount due and payable under the Parallel Debt shall be decreased to the extent that

the Secured Parties have received (and are able to retain) payment in full of the

corresponding amount under the other provisions of the Finance Documents and any

amount due and payable by the Issuer to the Secured Parties under those provisions shall

be decreased to the extent that the Agent has received (and is able to retain) payment in full

of the corresponding amount under the Parallel Debt.

11.9

The rights of the Secured Parties to receive payment of amounts payable by the Issuer

under the Finance Documents are several and are separate and independent from, and

without prejudice to, the rights of the Agent to receive payment under the Parallel Debt.

19(40)

12. 12.1 12.1.1
12.1.2 12.1.3
12.2 12.2.1 12.2.2

INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer shall make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Group:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;
(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its consolidated financial statements or the year-end report (bokslutskommimike) (as applicable) for such period prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;
(c) as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Notes by a Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes held by Group Companies, or the amount of Notes cancelled by the Issuer; and
(d) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event and be conditional upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change of Control Event.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 12.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a compliance certificate containing a confirmation that no Event of Default has occurred (or if an Event of Default has occurred, what steps have been taken to remedy it. The compliance certificate shall be in a form agreed between the Issuer and the Agent and include figures in respect of the financial covenants set out in Clause 14 (Financial covenants) and the basis on which they have been calculated.
Information from the Agent
Subject to the restrictions of a non-disclosure agreement entered into by the Agent in accordance with Clause 12.2.2, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
If a committee representing the Noteholders' interests under the Finance Documents has been appointed by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 {Decisions by Noteholders), the members of such committee may agree with the Issuer not to disclose information received from the Issuer, provided that it, in the reasonable opinion of such members, is beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Agent shall be a party to

20(40)

12.3
12.4 12.4.1 12.4.2 13. 13.1 13.2
13.3 13.4
13.5 13.5.1 13.5.2

such agreement and receive the same information from the Issuer as the members of the committee.
Information among the Noteholders
Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Noteholders any information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes. The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.
Publication of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Group and the Agent.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
Change of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group from that carried on at the First Issue Date.
Pari passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that payment obligations of the relevant Group Companies under the Finance Documents do and will rank at least pari passu with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated claims, except for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
Merger
The Issuer shall not enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger or corporate reconstruction, other than where the Issuer is the surviving entity.
Dividends
The Issuer shall not (and shall ensure that no other Group Company will) make any dividend or other distribution in relation to its share capital or make any transfer of value (värdeöverföring), except to other Group Companies.
Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not (and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will) incur or permit to subsist any Financial Indebtedness.
Clause 13.5.1 does not apply to:
(a) Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Finance Documents;
(b) Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;

21(40)

13.6 13.6.1
13.6.2

(c) up until the Refinancing Date, Financial Indebtedness under the Existing Financing, and up until the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days after the Refinancing Date, Financial Indebtedness under the Convertible Bonds;
(d) factoring facilities entered into by (i) Bong S.A.S in an aggregate amount not exceeding EUR 6,000,000, and (ii) Packaging First Ltd. in an aggregate amount not exceeding GBP 550,000, in each case on recourse terms and with no other Group Company than the transferor providing guarantees or Security in respect thereof;
(e) local term and overdraft facilities entered into by any Group Company (other than the Issuer) for working capital purposes in an aggregate amount not exceeding EUR 2,500,000;
(f) SEK 15,000,000 of Financial Indebtedness owed to the Existing Lenders and which is due in 2016;
(g) counter-indemnity obligations for residual value guarantees (,restvardesgarantier) relating to sale and lease-back of real property, issued by banks or financial institutions in a total aggregate amount not exceeding SEK 20,000,000;
(h) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of insurance for pension liabilities of the Group;
(i) non-speculative hedging transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with protection against interest rate or currency fluctuations;
(j) Financial Indebtedness arising as a result of the refinancing of the Notes; and
(k) Financial Indebtedness (whether secured or unsecured) (other than as permitted by paragraphs (a) to (j) above) in an aggregate amount not exceeding SEK 50,000,000.
Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not (and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will) create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets.
The Issuer shall not (and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will):
(a) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby they are or may be leased to or re-acquired by any Group Company;
(b) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms;
(c) enter into any arrangement under which money or the benefit of a bank or other account may be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts; or
(d) enter into any other preferential arrangement having a similar effect,
in circumstances where the arrangement or transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising Financial Indebtedness or of financing the acquisition of an asset

22(40)

13.6.3 13.7

Clause 13.6.1 and 13.6.2 do not apply to:
(a) any Security pursuant to any Finance Document;
(b) up until the Refinancing Date, the Security provided for the Existing Financing;
(c) Security over receivables provided for Financial Indebtedness permitted by Clause 13.5.2(d)
(d) cash collateral provided for Financial Indebtedness permitted by Clause 13.5.2(g) in an aggregate amount not exceeding SEK 20,000,000;
(e) Security for Financial Indebtedness permitted by Clause 13.5.2(h) and (i);
(f) any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any Group Company in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements or any Security created in connection with the establishment of cash-pooling arrangements between Group Companies;
(g) any Security arising by operation of law;
(h) any retention of title to goods supplied to a Group Company in the ordinary course of the Group's business operations;
(i) any Security provided in the form of a pledge over an escrow account to which the proceeds from a refinancing of the Notes are intended to be received;
(j) any Security agreed to be provided for the benefit of the financing providers in relation to a refinancing of the Notes in full, however provided that any perfection requirements in relation thereto are satisfied only after repayment of the Notes in full; and
(k) any Security securing indebtedness of the principal amount of which (when aggregated with the principal amount of any other indebtedness which has the benefit of Security given by any Group Company other than any permitted under paragraphs (a) to (j) above) does not exceed SEK 25,000,000.
Disposal of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of any business, assets or Subsidiaries other than:
(a) disposals made by a Group Company to another Group Company;
(b) for cash, in the ordinary course o f business of the disposing entity;
(c) disposals of obsolete and redundant assets;
(d) disposals of receivables in the form of factoring on non-recourse terms;
(e) disposals in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and quality;
(f) disposals not otherwise permitted by paragraphs (a) to (e) above, in each financial year in aggregate representing no more than two (2) per cent, of the consolidated

23(40)

13.8 13.8.1 13.8.2 13.9 13.9.1
13.9.2 13.10

total assets of the Group pursuant to the most recent published audited annual report (with no carry forward or carry backward); or
(g) disposals not otherwise permitted by paragraphs (a) to (f) above, if the Net Disposal Proceeds are applied within twelve (12) months from the disposal:
(i) for redemption of the Notes in accordance with Clause 10.4.2 and 10.4.3;
(ii) for redemption or repayment of any Financial Indebtedness which ranks at least pari passu with the Notes; or
(iii) for Capital Expenditure,
provided that, in each case, the transaction (other than in respect of paragraph (a) above) is carried out at fair market value and on arm's length terms.
Admission to trading
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Note Loan is admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within six (6) months after issuance, and that it remains admitted or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market.
Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to maintain the admission as long as any Notes are outstanding, but not longer than up to and including the last day on which the admission reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations o f the Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist.
Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:
(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders.
CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Notes affiliated with a CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations.

24(40)

14.

FINANCIAL COVENANTS

The undertakings in this Clause 14 remain in force for so long any amount is outstanding under the Notes and shall be tested at the end of each Test Period set out in this Clause 14. The first Test Period for which Clause 14.2 (Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio) and 14.3 {Interest Coverage Ratio) shall apply shall be the period ending on the Quarter Date 31 March 2016.

14.1

Definitions

"Adjusted EBITDA" means EBITDA adjusted by adding back (i) Restructuring Costs, and (ii) non-recurring transaction costs incurred by the Group in connection with the Finance Documents, the conversion of the Convertible Bonds, the purchase of the Existing Financing, the transfer of shares in the Issuer to the Noteholders and, in conjunction with the aforementioned, the issuance of subscription warrants for shares in the Issuer and shares in the Issuer.

"EBITDA" means earnings before interests and other financial items, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, as derived from the Income Statement.

"Income Statement" means, at any time, the income statement forming part of the latest consolidated financial statements of the Group (whether audited or unaudited) published pursuant to Clause 12.1 (Information from the Issuer).

"Interest Coverage Ratio" means Adjusted EBITDA as a ratio to Net Interest Payable, calculated for each Test Period.

"Net Debt" means Total Interest Bearing Debt less Subordinated Loans, cash and cash equivalents.

"Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio" means Net Debt as a ratio to Adjusted EBITDA.

"Net Interest Payable" means interest payable in respect of Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Notes, Subordinated Loans (in respect of the Convertible Loans, to the extent paid in cash) and any additional loan facilities permitted under these Terms and Conditions (in each case whether paid or payable but excluding interest to be added to principal) less interest receivable (whether paid or payable but excluding capitalised interest) for the relevant Test Period as shown in the Income Statement.

"Quarter Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year.

"Restructuring Costs" means for the purpose of calculating Adjusted EBITDA for any year or any part of such year, non-recurring costs for restructuring the Group and its business, provided that such costs shall not exceed SEK 15,000,000 for each year.

"Test Period" means each period of 12 months ending on a Quarter Date each year as appropriate.

"Total Interest Bearing Debt" means at any time the consolidated amount of the interest bearing liabilities, including Finance Leases and excluding pension liabilities, as shown in the balance sheet forming part of the latest consolidated accounts of the Group (whether audited or unaudited) published pursuant to Clause 12.1 {Informationfrom the Issuer).

25(40)

14.2

Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio for each Test Period shall not exceed 3.00:1,

14.3

Interest Coverage Ratio

The Issuer shall ensure that the Interest Coverage Ratio for each Test Period ending on each Quarter Date shall not be less than the ratio set out below opposite that Reference Date.

Quarter Date 31 March 2016 30 June 2016 30 September 2016 Each Quarter Date starting from 31 December 2016

Ratio 2.75:1 2.75:1 2.75:1 3.50:1

14.4
14.5 14.5.1 14.5.2
14.5.3 14.5.4

Capital Expenditure
The Issuer shall not (and the Issuer shall ensure that no other Group Company will) incur Capital Expenditure in any financial year such that it when aggregated with the Capital Expenditure incurred by any other Group Company during such financial year exceeds SEK 25,000,000 in respect of any financial year, unless such Capital Expenditure is financed by equity or by the proceeds from disposals of assets.
Calculation adjustments
For the purpose of the calculations of EBITDA for the determination of the Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, the Group shall use proforma figures, meaning that a consolidated company or business acquired or disposed during a Test Period shall be included or excluded (as the case may be) as if that acquisition or disposal had occurred on the first day of the Test Period.
For the purpose of the calculations of EBITDA for the determination of the Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, all payments made by the Group during a Test Period related to leases which at the First Issue Date are classified as operating leases but which have been reclassified as Finance Leases as a consequence of subsequent amendments to the Accounting Principles shall be subtracted from EBITDA (to the extent such payments would have reduced EBITDA should the reclassification not been made) provided that the relevant lease is excluded from Total Interest Bearing Debt.
For the purpose of the calculations of Net Debt to be applied in the calculation of the Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio any debt in any other currency than Swedish Kronor shall be converted to Swedish Kronor at the exchange rate applicable at the last day of the Test Period (or if such is not a Business Day the immediately preceding Business Day).
When calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio for each Test Period ending during 2016, the Net Interest Payable for the period from 1 January 2016 to the relevant Quarter Date shall

26(40)

be annualised on the entire Test Period, except for the interest under the Existing Financing from 1 February 2016 to the Refinancing Date (if any) which shall be excluded.

15.

ACCELERATION OF THE NOTES

15.1

The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or

Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount

(such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business

Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and

shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction

given pursuant to Clause 15.5, on behalf o f the Noteholders (i) by notice to the Issuer,

declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable together with any

other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as

the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and

discretions under the Finance Documents, if:

(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:

(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and

(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;

(b) the Issuer does not comply with the provisions of Clause 5 (Escrow o fproceeds);

(c) the Issuer does not comply with any terms of or acts in violation of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) above), unless the non-compliance:

(i) is capable of remedy; and

(ii) is remedied within 20 Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance;

(d) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect on the interests of the Noteholders;

(e) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within 20 Business Days is taken in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganisation of the Issuer;

(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of the Issuer, other than the Secured Parties; or

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer or any of its assets;

(f) any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;

27(40)

(g) any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, affects any asset of a Group Company and is not discharged within 20 Business Days, unless such process is disputed in good faith by appropriate means; or

(h) any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), and the obligation to pay is not disputed in good faith and with appropriate means, provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (h) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness or commitment for Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK 10,000,000.

15.2

The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

15.3

The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware

of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or

any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry o f a grace period, the giving of

notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing)

constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information

as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent

not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or

circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have

actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.

15.4

The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default

has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the

date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has

occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides

not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the

Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall

always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event

constitutes an Event of Default.

15.5

If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly

declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the

Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Finance

Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

15.6

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of

acceleration to be deemed to exist.

15.7

In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 15, up to, but

excluding, the Final Maturity Date the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note

equal to 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium, together with

accrued but unpaid Interest.

28(40)

16.

DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS

16.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following an

acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 15 {Acceleration o f the Notes) and any

proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall be distributed in

the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 21.2.5, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 17.15, together with default interest in accordance with Clause 9.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, including default interest in accordance with Clause 9.4 on delayed payments of Interest and repayments of principal under the Notes.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

16.2

If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred

to in Clause 16.1(a), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by

way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16.1(a).

16.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of

the Notes or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute escrow funds

(redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of

the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of

such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably practicable.

16.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the

Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a

Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the

foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall

apply.

29(40)

17.

DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS

17.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option o f the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

17.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten

(10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by

a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which

the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by

them jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance

Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by

way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision

may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more

appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting than by way of a Written

Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting.

17.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the

Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or

(11) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

17.4

Should the Agent not convene a Noteholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in

accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 17.3 being applicable, the

Issuer or the Noteholder(s) requesting a decision by the Noteholders may convene such

Noteholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The

Issuer or the Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the Issuer or the convening

Noteholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (skuldbok) kept by the

CSD in respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders' Meeting or

instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

17.5

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in

accordance with Clause 18.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending

communication in accordance with Clause 19.1, in both cases with a copy to the Agent.

After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later

than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be

necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in

accordance with Clause 18.1. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a

Noteholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent

is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append

information from the Agent together with the a notice or the communication.

17.6

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to

Clause 7 {Right to act on behalf o f a Noteholder) from a person who is, registered as a

Noteholder:

(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 18.2, in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.2, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the Adjusted Nominal

30(40)

Amount. Such Business Day specified pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above must fall no earlier than one (1) Business Day after the effective date of the notice or communication, as the case may be.

17.7

The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least

seventy-five (75) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are

voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.2:

(a) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.5 to 2.7;

(b) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note pursuant to Clause 10 {Redemption and repurchase o f the Notes),1

(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount (other than as a result of an application of Clause 10.4 ( Voluntary partial redemption (call option));

(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 16 {Distribution o fproceeds);

(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders' consent set out in this Clause 17;

(f) a change o f issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(g) a release of the Transaction Security, except in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents;

(h) a mandatory exchange o f the Notes for other securities; and

(i) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 15 {Acceleration o f the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

17.B

Any matter not covered by Clause 17.7 shall require the consent of Noteholders

representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which

Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a

Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.2. This

includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance

Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted

pursuant to Clause 20.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Notes or the enforcement of any

Transaction Security.

17.9

Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a

Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 17.7, and otherwise twenty (20)

per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:

(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or

(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.

31(40)

17.10
17.11 17.12 17.13 17.14 17.15 17.16
17.17

If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 17.10, the date of request of the second Noteholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 18.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 19.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.9 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be published on the websites of the Group and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

32(40)

18.

NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING

18.1

The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event

no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the

Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a

date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the

date on which the notice is sent.

18.2

The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the

meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the

Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise

Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting, and (v) a form of power of attorney. Only

matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders'

Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the

Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.

18.3

The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later

than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.

18.4

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding o f a Noteholders' Meeting as the

Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders

to vote without attending the meeting in person.

19.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

19.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event no

later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the

Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative

reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on

a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the

date on which the communication is sent.

19.2

A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by

the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the

Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled

to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for

replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request)

as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the

Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business

Days and not longer than thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of the

communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting is to be made electronically,

instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.

19.3

When consents from Noteholders representing the requisite majority of the total Adjusted

Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17.7 and 17.8 have been received in a Written

Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.7 or

17.8, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has

not yet expired.

33(40)

20. 20.1
20.2 20.3
20.4 21. 21.1 21.1.1
21.1.2 21.1.3

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders as a group, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(c) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Noteholders).
The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 12.3 (Publication o fFinance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEM ENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of the Agent
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer and any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

34(40)

21.1.4 21.1.5 21.2 21.2.1
21.2.2 21.2.3 21.2.4 21.2.5
21.2.6 21.2.7 21.2.8

The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding applicable Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Noteholders. Except as specified in Clause 4 {Conditionsfo r disbursement), the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents or the perfection of the Transaction Security.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 {Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has

35(40)

21.2.9 21.3 21.3.1 21.3.2
21.3.3
21.3.4 21.3.5 21.4 21.4.1 21.4.2 21.4.3

received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.8.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Noteholders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened

36(40)

21.4.4 21.4.5 21.4.6 21.4.7
21.4.8
22.
22.1 22.2
22.3

by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation o f the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agree otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.

37(40)

23.

APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD

23.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and

Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations

applicable to the Notes.

23.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the

Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time

as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have

a negative effect on any Noteholder or the listing of the Notes on a Regulated Market. The

replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant

to the Securities Markets Act {lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and be

authorised as a central securities depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments

Account Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).

24.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS

24.1

A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the

Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the

Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution,

liquidation, company reorganisation iföretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy {konkurs) (or

its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) o f the Issuer in relation to any of the obligations

and liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by

the Agent.

24.2

Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in

accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to

take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide

documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of

time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain

actions is caused by the non-payment of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the

Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.8,

such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to

Clause 21.2.9 before a Noteholder may take any action referred to in Clause 24.1.

24.3

The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's right to

claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.6 {Mandatory repurchase

due to a Change o f Control Event) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some

but not all Noteholders.

25.

PRESCRIPTION

25.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become

void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest

(excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years

from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for

payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been

prescribed and has become void.

25.2

If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations

(preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the

right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect

to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases

38(40)

.26
26.1 26.1.1
26.1.2
26.1.3 26.1.4 26.2 26.2.1 26.2.2

calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address specified on its website www.nordictrustee.com on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address specified on the website of the Group on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Noteholder in order to receive the communication, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Noteholders. A Notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Issuer and the Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 26.1.1, or, in case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient.
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 5.4, 10.3 {Voluntary total redemption (Call option)), 10.4 {Voluntary partial redemption (call option)), 10.5 {Early redemption due to illegality), 12.1.2, 15.3, 17.17, 18.1, 19.1 and 20.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 26.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

39(40)

27.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

27.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising

out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike,

lockout, boycott, blockade, natural disaster, insurrection, civil commotion, terrorism or any

other similar circumstance (a "Force M ajeure Event"). The reservation in respect of

strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent

itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

27.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed reasonable

care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of

gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

27.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from

taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be

postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

27.4

The provisions in this Clause 27 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of

the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

28.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

28.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

28.2

The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm

(Stockho/ms tingsrciti).

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Kristianstad Date: 21 December 2015
BONG AB (publ) as Issuer

Name

okLc.

40(40)

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Stockholm Date: 21 December 2015 NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ) as Agent
Name:

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: Kristianstad Date: 21 December 2015 BONG AB (publ) as Issuer
Name:

40(40)

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Stockholm Date: 21 December 2015
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (publ) as Agent

