TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BJÖRN BORG AB (pubi)
MAXIMUM SEK 200,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED BONDS
STIBOR + 3.25% 2012/2017 SERIES NO. 1, ISIN SE0004545192
The distribution of this document and the private placement of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Company to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Any U.S. person acquiring Bonds under such applicable exemptions may only do so for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution or resale, and Bonds so acquired may not be sold, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise transferred without an effective registration statement for such Bonds under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable State securities laws or an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company to the effect that registration is not required under such Act and such State securities laws.

Index

1

Definitions.................................................................................................................................... 2

2

The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments................................................... 5

3

Status........................................................................................................................................... 5

4

Interest......................................................................................................................................... 5

5

Bonds in book-entry form ............................................................................................................ 6

6

Redemption of the Bonds and payments........................................................................

6

7

Default interest............................................................................................................................. 7

8

Early redemption in the event of change of control etc................................................................7

9

Early redemption by the Company.............................................................................................. 7

10 Special undertakings................................................................................................................... 8

11 Acceleration of the Bonds.................

9

12 Holders' meeting etc.................................................................................................................... 12

13 The Agent.................................................................................................................................. 14

14 Amendments of the conditions.................................................................................................. 15

15 Statute of limitations................................................................................................................... 16

16 Allocation of payments.................................................................................................................16

17 Notices................................................................

16

18 Nominee registration............................................................................

16

19 Limitation of liability etc.............................................................................................................. 16

20 Governing law and jurisdiction................................................................................................... 17

1

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BJÖRN BORG AB (pubi)

MAXIMUM SEK 200,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED BONDS STIBOR + 3.25% 2012/2017
SERIES NO. 1, ISIN SE0004545192

1 Definitions

For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions the following definitions shall apply:

"Account Operator"

means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of the Bonds;

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of the Bonds not held by the Company or any person or persons over whom the Company, directly or indirectly, has decisive influence, in each case from time to time;

"Agent"

means CorpNordic Sweden AB, corp. reg. no. 556625-5476, P.O. Box 16285, SE 103 25 Stockholm, or any other agent which from time to time represents the Holders pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;

"Banking Day"

means a day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday or which in respect of payment of promissory notes is not equal to a public holiday in Sweden;

"Björn Borg Trade Mark"

means all trade mark rights of the Company to the "Björn Borg" trademark, whether acquired by registration or use, including the word mark, the stylized signature and all associated logotypes and figurative marks used in the Company's business, including all registrations and filed applications for registration thereof in any country of the world;

"Bond"

means a debt instrument of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and which has been issued by the Company pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;

"Cash Position"

means sum of the Group's total cash in hand, credit on account, cash deposits, other short-term liquid investments in commercial paper and other cash equivalents on consolidated basis according to IFRS;

"Change of Control"

means in relation to the Company (i) an event or series of events resulting in one person (or several persons who are closely related according to the Swedish Takeover Act (Sw. lag (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden pä
f in 'd
2

"Company" "CSD"
"Debt" "Early Redemption" "Early Redemption Date" "EBITDA"
"Equity" "Equity Ratio" "Financial Indebtedness"

aktiemarknaden)) acquiring shares representing at least fifty (50) percent of the votes in the Company or otherwise gaining control over at least fifty (50) percent of the votes in the Company, or (ii) the event that the Company's shares are no longer listed and admitted to trading on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other regulated market;
means Björn Borg AB (pubi), corp. reg. no. 556658-0683, Tulegatan 11, 113 53 Stockholm, Sweden;
means the Company's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, corp. reg. no. 556112-8074, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm;
means the Group's total Financial Indebtedness, on a consolidated basis according to IFRS;
shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 8.1;
shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 8.2;
means the Group's total profit on a consolidated basis before financial items, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the last twelve months in accordance with IFRS;
means the aggregate book value of the Group's total equity in accordance with IFRS;
means Equity in relation to Total Assets;
means any indebtedness on a consolidated Group level for or in respect of:
(a) moneys borrowed;

(b) any amount raised pursuant to the issue of any Market Loans;

(c) any amount of any liability in respect of any hire, purchase or leasing which, in accordance with IFRS, would be treated as a financial or capital lease;

(d) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);

(e) any derivate transaction (however when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account) entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or currency;

(f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of any guarantee, letters of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or a financial institution;

3

"Group Company"
"Group" "Holder"
"IFRS"
"Interest Determination Date" "Interest Payment Date"
"Interest Period"
"Interest Rate" "Issue Date" "Majority" "Market Loan"
"Net Debt" "Nominal Amount" "Qualified Majority" "Quarter Date" "Quotation Day" "Record Date"

(g) other transactions that have the commercial effect of a borrowing; and

(h) any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above;

means each company that is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Chapter 1 Section 11 and 12 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))-,

means the Company and each Group Company;

means a person registered on a Securities Account as creditor or otherwise is entitled to receive payment in respect of a Bond in accordance with these Terms and Conditions;

means the generally accepted accounting practice and principles applicable to the business the Company conducts, currently International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU;

means the second (2nd) Banking Day prior to each Interest Period;

means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year and the Redemption Date (subject to any adjustments pursuant to Condition 6.3) - the first Interest Payment Date will be 30 June 2012;

means each period beginning on (but excluding) the Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next Interest Payment Date;

means 3 months STIBOR plus a margin of 3.25 per cent;

means 17 April 2012;

shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 12.1(d);

means debt raised by issuance of commercial paper, subordinated debentures, bonds, notes or other securities (including debt raised under MTN- or other debt issuance programmes) which is or can be admitted for trading on a Swedish or foreign regulated market;

means the Group's total Financial Indebtedness, on consolidated basis according to IFRS, less Cash Position;

shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 2.1;

shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 12.1(d);

means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year;

shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 7.1;

shall have the meaning set forth in Condition 6.3;

/J

4

"Redemption Date" "Securities Account" "SEK" "STIBOR"
"Total Assets"

means 17 April 2017 (subject to any adjustments pursuant to Condition 6.3) or such earlier date that may be the case pursuant to the provisions in Conditions 8 (Early redemption in the event of change of control etc.), 9 (Early redemption by the Company) or 11 (Acceleration of the Bonds)]
means a securities account in which each Holder's holding of Bonds is registered according to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing av finansiella instrument);
means Swedish krona, the lawful currency of Sweden;
means the interest rate which, as of approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date (or Quotation Day according to Condition 7.1), is displayed on Reuters' page "SIOR" (or any other system or other page which replaces the mentioned system or page) or, if the relevant rate does not appear, in each case as determined by the Agent acting reasonably (a) the average of at least four Swedish commercial banks' (as determined by the Agent acting reasonably) quoted lending rates in the Stockholm interbank market or, if only one or no such quote exists (for the avoidance of doubt - item (a) shall apply if two to four such quotes exist), (b) such interest rate which, according to the Agent's opinion acting reasonably, corresponds to the interest rates offered by Swedish commercial banks, in each case for the lending of SEK 100,000,000 for the applicable period in the Stockholm interbank market;
means the aggregate book value of the Group's total assets in accordance with IFRS.

2

The amount of the Bonds and undertaking to make payments

2.1 The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 200,000,000 (two hundred million) and will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 500,000 (five hundred thousand) ("Nominal Amount") or full multiples thereof.

2.2 The Company undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.

3

Status

The Bonds constitute, direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company. The Bonds are freely transferable.

4

Interest

4.1 From (but excluding) the Issue Date to and including the Redemption Date, the Bonds bear interest on their outstanding Nominal Amount at the applicable Interest Rate to each Interest Period. The applicable Interest Rate to each Interest Period shall be determined by the Agent on or about the Interest Determination Date. Such interest will be payable quarterly or for the
relevant Interest Period (as the case may be) in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. / " f W
5

Interest shall, in relation to a specific Interest Period, be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in that Interest Period divided by 360 and otherwise in accordance with Clause 4.2.
4.2 If, due to the existence of an obstacle referred to in Clause 19.1 it is not possible to determine the Interest Rate for an Interest Period, the Interest Rate for the preceding Interest Period shall apply. As soon as the obstacle has been removed, the Interest Rate shall be determined for the current Interest Period, which shall apply from the second (2nd) Banking Day of such determination until (and including) the end of the current Interest Period.

5

Bonds in book-entry form

5.1 The Bonds will in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479) be registered on behalf of each Holder on a Securities Account. No physical notes will be issued. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator. A person or entity who, based on any appointment, pledge, provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. Foraldrabalken (1949:381)), testamentary disposition, or deed of gift or otherwise has acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register its entitlement to receive payment with the CSD.

5.2 The Company shall be entitled to obtain information from the register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds (Sw. skuldbok). At the request of the Agent, the Company shall obtain and provide such information to the Agent or provide the Agent with a power of attorney to obtain the relevant information from the CSD.

6

Redemption of the Bonds and payments

6.1 Redemption at maturity

Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Redemption Date.

6.2 Company's purchase of Bonds

Subject to applicable law, the Company may at any time purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Company may at the Company's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Company.

6.3 Payments of principal and interest

Payment of the Nominal Amount and interest will be made to the person who is a Holder on the fifth Banking Day prior to the respective payment date or, if on the relevant time another Banking Day which is falling closer to the relevant payment date is generally applied in the Swedish bond market, such other Banking Day ("Record Date").

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date.

Except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, if a payment is due on a day which is not a Banking Day, the due date for that payment shall instead be the following Banking Day. If the extension of the due date would mean that the payment is due in the

6

following calendar month, then the due date for the payment shall be the preceding Banking Day.
Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders, being Holders on the Record Date, as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
If a person to whom payment has been made in accordance with the above was not entitled to receive such payment, the Company and the CSD shall nevertheless be deemed to have fulfilled their obligations, provided that the Company and/or the CSD did not have knowledge that such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount and provided the Company and/or the CSD acted with normal care.
7 Default interest
7.1 If the Company fails to pay any amount due, the Company shall pay default interest on such amount at a rate corresponding to STIBOR plus two (2) percentage units, from the date such payment was due up to and including the date of actual payment. STIBOR shall be determined on the first Banking Day (the "Quotation Day") of each weekly period of delay. Default interest shall however, subject to Condition 7.2, never be less than the Interest Rate plus two (2) percentage units. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalized.
7.2 If the delay is due to the existence of an obstacle for the Agent or the CSD, respectively, as set out in Condition 19.1, the default interest shall not exceed the Interest Rate.
8 Early redemption in the event of change of control etc.
8.1 Upon the event of aChange of Control each Holder shall have the right to call for an early redemption ("Early Redemption") of relevant Holder's all Bonds in their entirety. The Company must notify the Holders of a Change of Control as soon as possible. A Holder must give written notice for Early Redemption to the Company in accordance with Condition 17 within thirty (30) days after the Company has given notification to the Holders of a Change of Control. Upon such notice for Early Redemption, such Holder's Bonds shall be blocked for other transactions by the relevant Account Operator and the Agent.
8.2 The Company shall redeem the relevant Bonds subject to Early Redemption according to Condition 8.1 on the last Banking Day ("Early Redemption Date") which falls in the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which the relevant notice for an Early Redemption call was received by the Company, provided however that the relevant Holder's Bonds have been blocked for further transfer not later than on the fifth Banking Day preceding the Early Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Nominal Amount of the relevant Bonds together with accrued interest in accordance with Condition 4 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date) up to, and including, the relevant Early Redemption Date.
9 Early redemption by the Company
The Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Company in whole, but not in part, on any Banking Date falling after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issue Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days but not more than sixty
tfA lf (60) days notice in accordance with Condition 17. Such notice shall be irrevocable and state /·'I
7

the date for early redemption and the relevant Record Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at an early redemption amount equal to:
(a) 104.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if an early redemption occurs during the period from the second (2nd) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issue Date;
(b) 102.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if an early redemption occurs during the period from the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Issue Date; and
(c) 101.00 per cent of the Nominal Amount, if an early redemption occurs during the period from the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Issue Date up to and including the day before the Redemption Date.
In addition, the Company shall pay accrued interest in accordance with Condition 4 from, but excluding, the latest Interest Payment Date up to, and including, the relevant date for early redemption.
10 Special undertakings
10.1 General undertakings
So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Company undertakes:
(a) to (i) not cease to operate its business and undertakes to ensure that the Group (taken as a whole) will not cease to operate its business, (ii) procure that no material change is made in the general nature of the business of the Group (taken as a whole) from that carried on as per the Issue Date, (iii) not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose or permit any Group Company to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are material for the general operations of the Group (taken as a whole) and (iv) procure that the Björn Borg Trade Mark is not entirely or in material parts transferred or assigned to a third party that is not a Group Company or an affiliate of the Company, and not cancelled or materially changed (for each of (i)-(iv) above, the undertaking made by the Company shall only apply in relation to actions that would be to the detriment of the Holders); and
(b) that it (and it will procure that each Group Company) will not provide or permit to subsist any security over any of its assets or guarantee for any Market Loan.
10.2 Information undertakings
So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Company undertakes:
(a) to (i) comply with the information undertakings in accordance with the listing agreement(s) and regulations of the relevant market place, as applicable and (ii) as a minimum requirement prepare quarterly reports (containing a management commentary and a profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement and a comparison of actual performance with actual performance for the corresponding period of the preceding financial year) and audited annual reports (which shall be prepared in accordance with IFRS) and make them public in accordance with the listing agreement(s), or, in case no listing agreement would be applicable to the Company, send them by mail to the Agent as soon as they become available (starting with the quarterly report to be published for the quarter ending on 31 March 2012), however,
8

quarterly reports not later than two (2) months after each Quarter Date and for audited annual reports not later than six (6) months after the end of the relevant financial year;
(b) to, within ten (10) Banking Days from publishing of quarterly reports or audited annual reports (as applicable) referred to in Condition 10.2(a) above or no later than twenty (20) days from the Agent's reasonable request, confirm to the Agent in writing in a separate compliance certificate, substantially in the form set out in Appendix 1 (Form of Compliance Certificate) to these Terms and Conditions, signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Company on its behalf:
(i) certifying that, as far as the Company is aware of, no event which would entitle the Agent to accelerate the Bonds is outstanding or, if it is aware that such an event is outstanding, specifying the event and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it; and
(ii) accompanied by a report setting out the calculations of (and compliance with) the financial undertakings as set out in Condition 10.3 and, if such undertaking is breached, explanations of the reasons thereto and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.
10.3 Financial undertakings
So long as any Bonds remain outstanding, the Company undertakes:
(a) to ensure that the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio does not on any Quarter Date exceed 3.00 during the period from the Issue date until the Redemption Date and each ratio shall be based on the latest, and in respect of EBITDA the latest four (4), quarterly report(s) or, as applicable, the latest audited annual report delivered prior to and pursuant to the calculation, other than calculations made following the Agent's request, as set out in Condition 10.2(b), such calculations shall be based on the Net Debt on the date of such request and the EBITDA set out in the latest prepared (even if not yet delivered) quarterly report and the three (3) quarterly reports delivered prior thereto; and
(b) to ensure that the Group maintains an Equity Ratio of minimum 30% at all times.
10.4 The Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Holders, waive, partly or in full, the provisions in Condition 10 if satisfactory collateral or other security arrangements, in the Agent's absolute discretion, is provided in respect of the Company's proper discharge of its obligations under the Bonds.
10.5 Listing of the Bonds
The Company undertakes to apply for listing of the Bonds with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm and will use reasonable efforts to achieve and maintain such listing as long as any Bonds are outstanding, however not longer than up to and including the last day on which trading in the Bonds on the exchange reasonably can, under to the then applicable regulations by the exchange and the CSD, take place before the Redemption Date. The application for listing of the Bonds shall be filed with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm not later than 12 months from the Issue Date.
11 Acceleration of the Bonds
11.1 The Agent is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to declare all but not only some of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not
him
9

being a date falling later than twenty (20) Banking Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if:

(a) the Company fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with these Terms and Conditions (unless the Company's failure to pay is caused by an administrative or technical error and payment is made within three (3) Banking Days of its due date);

(b) the Company fails to comply with any of its undertakings in Conditions 10.1, 10.2 or 10.3, provided that the Company fails to remedy such failure or violation within ten (10) Banking Days from the earlier of:

(i) the Company becoming aware of the occurrence of;

(ii) the Agent's notice (containing information regarding the potential breach) to the Company of; or

(iii) the day on which the Company makes its reports available (or should have at the latest made such report available), in accordance with Condition 10.2, evidencing;

a breach of or failure to comply with Conditions 10.1, 10.2 or 10.3 (if in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds due for payment immediately);

(c) the Company fails to comply with or in any other way acts in violation of any material provision under these Terms and Conditions, other than as specified in this Condition 11.1, provided that the Agent has urged in writing the Company to remedy such failure or violation and the Company fails to do so within twenty (20) Banking Days (if in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior direction);

(d) the Company or a Group Company does not pay when due any payment or otherwise fails to fulfil the terms and conditions under any Financial Indebtedness granted to the Company or a Group Company and such Financial Indebtedness due to the failure to pay has been accelerated for payment or could have been accelerated, or if the Financial Indebtedness could not be accelerated or if the outstanding payment was the last payment under the Financial Indebtedness, the failure to pay has been continuing for at least twenty (20) Banking Days, provided that the aggregate outstanding and unpaid Financial Indebtedness in question amounts to at least SEK 30,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies);

(e) the Company or a Group Company suspends its payments;

(f)

the Company or a Group Company applies for or approves an application for insolvent

corporate reconstruction according to the Swedish Act on Insolvent Corporate

Reconstruction (1996:764) or other foreign corresponding laws;

(9 ) the Company or a Group Company is declared bankrupt;
(h) a decision is made to place the Company in liquidation irrespective of reason or a Group Company is forced to be liquidated (however, voluntary liquidation of a Group Company shall not be restricted by these Terms and Conditions);

(i)

in respect of a merger with another company than a Group Company, decision is made

that the Company or a Group Company shall be merged into another company, unless

the Agent, upon the Company's written assurance that the merger will not affect t

10

Terms and Conditions negatively, has given its consent in writing prior to the merger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or

(j) in respect of a demerger of the Company or a Group Company (whether the concerned company is dissolved or not with the exception for demerger of a Group Company where all the concerned and created companies constitute wholly owned Group Companies after the demerger), decision is made that the Company or a Group Company shall demerge, unless the Agent, upon the Company's written assurance that the demerger will not affect the Terms and Conditions negatively, in writing prior to that has given its consent for the demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors).

11.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Condition 11, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Nominal Amount of the Bonds and the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Condition 4 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if such date has not occurred, the Issue Date), up to, and including, the payment date.

11.3 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in Condition 11.1 (e)-(j) in respect of a Group Company, may however only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it could adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration.

11.4

If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.

11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 11.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as Agent) that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the reasonable request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) Banking Days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition 11.5.

11.6

If the Agent has been notified by the Company or otherwise has considered right to termination to occur according to this Condition 11, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of notification or consideration, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that right to termination is at hand and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 12.

11.7 If the Holders resolve on a Holders' Meeting to terminate the Bonds in accordance with this Condition 11, or if such termination is demanded by Holders holding Bonds representing at least one half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. If the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent is not liable to execute the termination. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Company, have

11

passed a resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Condition 12 and to the effect that the Bonds shall be terminated in accordance with all relevant provisions of this Condition 11, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructed Holders in writing commit to holding the Agent indemnified and, at the Agents own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.

12 Holders' meeting etc.

12.1 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing

(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount may demand that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it appears clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.

(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 17 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.

(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK 500,000 such Holder holds. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a Group Company shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

(d) The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the

Adjusted Nominal Amount ("Majority"). However, in respect of the issues below, a

resolution is passed only if supported by a majority (a "Qualified Majority") consisting

of not less than:

L>

12

(i) two thirds of the Adjusted Nominal Amount when (a) one of the conditions in Condition 10 is waived or (b) a condition in Condition 10 or 11 is amended, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters of the Adjusted Nominal Amount when (a) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (b) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount or (c) amendment of the conditions in this Condition 12.1(c).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Holders, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Agent) will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only where (i) Holders representing at least one fifth of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide answers), or (ii) where any decision requiring a Qualified Majority is at issue, Holders representing at least one-half of the aggregate outstanding Adjusted Nominal Amount attend the meeting (or, in the case of a procedure in writing, provide answers).
(f) If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the day which falls on the fifth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (d) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
(g) At the meeting the Company, the Holders and the Agent may attend along with its representatives, counsels and assistants. The meeting can decide that further individuals may attend. The meeting is opened by a present person appointed by the Company (or, if such person does not exist, a present person appointed by the Agent) and the meeting is lead by that person until present and represented Holders have appointed a chairman for the meeting. The chairman shall arrange for minutes to be kept at the meeting in which Holders entitled to vote shall be listed, which other persons have been attending, what has been discussed, how the voting has turned out and which resolutions that have been passed. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and by at least one person appointed to verify the minutes. In case of a procedure in writing, the Agent shall provide for the calculation and draw up minutes in respect of the calculation. The Agent may request for complements and clarifications but is not obliged to do so and may disregard from unclear or illegible answers. The Agent shall disregard from answers which do not follow listed alternatives or answers where voting right does not appear in the material provided by the Holder or CSD. The Company may attend the calculation. The minutes shall be completed promptly and be held available for the Holders at the Company and the Agent.
(h) If the Company and the Agent deem it appropriate a meeting may be combined with a possibility for Holders to provide answers in accordance with a written resolution form as an alternative to being present or being represented at a meeting.
13

(i) A resolution that has been passed at a duly called and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding to all Holders irrespective of them being present or being represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if the they have voted.
(j) The Company shall bear all cost for the Company and the Agent in connection with a meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has initiated the meeting or the procedure.
13 The Agent
13.1 The Agent's obligations are exhaustively regulated herein. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent has no obligation to monitor the Company's financial standing or its fulfilment of obligations and liabilities, other than as expressly set forth herein.
13.2 The Agent shall not be bound to account to any Holder for any sum received by it for its own account.
13.3 For the avoidance of any doubt, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
13.4 The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it under these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
13.5 Even without a separate authorization from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is empowered to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds). Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Agent. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions.
13.6 The Agent may rely on any representation, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and appropriately authorized and any statement made by a director, authorized signatory or employee of any person regarding any matters which may reasonably be assumed to be within his knowledge or within his power to verify.
13.7 In relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may act through its personnel and agents. The Agent may further engage, pay for and rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts. The reasonable, evidenced and proper costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. In acting as Agent for the Holders, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments. If information is received by another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that division or department and the Agent may reasonably not be deemed to have received it.
13.8 Replacement of Agent
The Agent may retire from its assignment according to these Terms and Conditions provided that (i) notice is given by the Company to the Holders, and (ii) the Company has appointed a
14

leading Swedish or international business bank or securities institution or an agent supported by a passed resolution in accordance with all relevant provisions in Condition 12, to accede as new Agent at the same time as the present Agent retires. If the Company has not appointed a new Agent within thirty (30) Banking Days after the Agent has given the Company notice of its resignation, the Agent has the right to appoint a new Agent. If (i) the Agent is subject to bankruptcy or financial reconstruction according to law or regulations from a supervising authority or (ii) if a decision is made by the Company or (iii) if a resolution is passed by the Holders to replace the Agent, the Company shall immediately appoint a new agent which immediately shall replace the present Agent as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. No resignation by the Agent shall however take effect until a new Agent has been appointed by the Company. When a new Agent has been appointed, the resigning Agent shall bear no responsibility for acts or omissions during the time after the replacement of the Agent but shall continue to enjoy the rights under these Terms and Conditions (other than rights in accordance with Condition 13.9). The Agent's successor, the Company and the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations among themselves as they would have had if such successor would have been the original Agent.
13.9 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 11.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 11, 12.1 and 13.
14 Amendments of the conditions
14.1 Subject to Condition 14.2, the Company and the Agent, acting on behalf of the Holders, may agree to amend these Terms and Conditions provided that:
a) such amendment, in the opinion of the Agent, does not adversely affect the rights and interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions in any material respect;
b) such amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a clear and manifest error; or
c) such amendment has been duly approved by a Holders' Meeting or by Holders holding Bonds representing at least half of the Adjusted Nominal Amount.
14.2 The Agent and the Company may, however, not agree to amendments if such amendments relate to matters that would require a Qualified Majority at a Holders' Meeting, unless such matter has been duly approved by a Holders' Meeting or by Holders holding Bonds representing at least two thirds of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in matters dealt with in Condition 12.1 (d)(i) and at least three quarters of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in matters dealt with in Condition 12.1 (d)(ii).
14.3 Amendments of these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without delay by the Company in accordance with Condition 17, setting out the date from which the amendments w i' effective.
15

15 Statute of limitations
15.1 The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount shall be statute-barred and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest shall be statute-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been statute-barred and has become void.
15.2 If such term of limitation periods are duly interrupted, in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (1981:130), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the Nominal Amount, and of three (3) years with respect to interest payments will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period as such date is determined pursuant with the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
16 Allocation of payments
If both the Nominal Amount and interest are due for payment and if the available funds are insufficient to discharge all the amounts due and payable, the available funds shall first be applied towards payment of interest and secondly towards payment of the Nominal Amount.
17
17.1 Notices from the Company or the Agent shall be given to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the day on which it is mailed. In addition to this, notice may be given by advertisement in a nation wide Swedish newspaper (any of Dagens Industri, Dagens Nyheter or Svenska Dagbladet) with the notice in its entirety or with reference to where the notice in its entirety is available.
17.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company shall be given to the Company with a copy to the Agent at the addresses set forth in Condition 1.
18 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting right of the Holders in Condition 12).
19 Limitation of liability etc
19.1 The Agent and the CSD shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Agent or the CSD would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict.
19.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Condition 12, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. This shall also apply to the Agent or affiliate to the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company.
16

19.3

Damage caused in any other event will not be indemnified by the Agent and the CSD unless the damage is caused by negligence. In no event will indemnification be made for indirect damage.

19.4

Should the Agent or the CSD be prevented from performing their obligations due to the circumstances mentioned in Condition 19.1 above, performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such events.

19.5

The provisions in this Condition 19 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument) which provisions shall take precedence.

20 Governing law and jurisdiction

20.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swedish law.

20.2

The courts of Sweden shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising in connection with these Terms and Conditions. The District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance.

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company.
April 2012 Björn Borg AB (pubi) On behalf of Björn Borg AB (pubi)

Clarification of signature: / T £ $ \/S /£ b s Authorised signatory of the Company

Clarification of signature: Authorised signatory of the Company

17

Appendix 1

Form of Compliance Certificate

To:

[AGENT] as Agent

From: Björn Borg AB (pubi)

Dated: [date of Compliance Certificate]

Dear Sirs,
We refer to the terms and conditions for the senior unsecured bond loan of maximum SEK 200,000,000 with STIBOR + 3.25% and duration 2012/2017 issued by Björn Borg AB (pubi) (the "Terms and Conditions"). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms and Conditions.

In accordance with Condition 10.2(b) of the Terms and Conditions, we hereby certify that, as far as we are aware of:

1.

[[no event which would entitle the Agent to accelerate the Bonds is outstanding]

or alternatively, if the Company is aware that such an event is outstanding

[Insert details of any such event that is outstanding and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy if\]\ and

2.

the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio did not exceed 3.00 on the [relevant date];

Where,

Net Debt is equal to [· ];

EBITDA is equal to [· ]; and

Net Debt to EBITDA is equal to [· ].]]

On behalf of Björn Borg AB (pubi)

[Authorised signatory]

[Authorised signatory]

18

