EXECUTION VERSION
M AGN O LIA
Terms and Conditions
Magnolia Bostad AB (publ) Up to SEK 750,000,000
Senior Secured Floating Rate Bonds
ISIN:SE0008293823 25 April 2016
Other than the registration o f the Bonds under Swedish law, no action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would oris intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the
possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in anyjurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons
into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
W/6700744/v2

I
Table of Contents
1. Definitions and Construction.........................................................................................1 2. Status of the Bonds..................................................................................................... 12 3. Use of Proceeds.......................................................................................................... 13 4. Conditions Precedent.................................................................................................. 13 5. Transfer restrictions.................................................................................................... 14 6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form...........................................................................................14 7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder....................................................................... 15 8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds...............................................................................16 9. Interest........................................................................................................................16 10. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds.................................................................. 17 11. Transaction Security.................................................................................................... 18 12. Information to Bondholders........................................................................................19 13. Maintenance Covenants..............................................................................................21 14. Incurrence Test........................................................................................................... 21 15. General Undertakings................................................................................................. 22 16. Events of Default and Accelerationof the Bonds..........................................................24 17. Distribution of Proceeds..............................................................................................27 18. Decisions by Bondholders............................................................................................28 19. Bondholders'Meeting................................................................................................. 31 20. Written Procedure...................................................................................................... 32 21. Amendments and Waivers..........................................................................................33 22. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent..............................................................33 23. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent.................................................. 37 24. No Direct Actions by Bondholders.............................................................................. 37 25. Prescription................................................................................................................ 37 26. Notices........................................................................................................................37 27. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.................................................................................. 38

1
1. Definitions and Construction
1.1 Definitions
In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.
"Accounting Principles" the generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden as applied by the Issuer in preparing its consolidated financial statements.
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.
"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than 90 days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.
"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Agent.
"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Applicable Premium" means the sum of:
(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 103.125 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; plus
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of all remaining scheduled Interest payments (less any accrued but unpaid interest) on the Bond until the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Bondholders),

2
both calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Note Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) (plus accrued interest on redeemed amount) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Bondholders' Meeting).
"Bonds" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and the Subsequent Bonds.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Call Option" means the Issuer's rightto redeem outstanding Bonds infull in accordance with Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption).
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 100.00% per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount plus the Applicable Premium, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised anytime before the First Call Date;
(b) 103.125 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 102.344 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date up to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date;
(d) 101.563 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date up to, but not including, the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date;
(e) 100.781 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 42

3
months after the First Issue Date up to, but not including, the date falling 45 months after the First Issue Date; and
(f) 100.00 per cent. of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 45 months after the First Issue Date up to, but not including, the Final Maturity Date.
"Cash" means, at any time, cash in hand or at bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a Group Company with a bank and to which a Group Company is alone (or together with other Group Companies) beneficially entitled and for so long as:
(a) that cash is repayable within five (5) days after the relevant date of calculation;
(b) repayment of that cash is not contingent on the prior discharge of any other indebtedness of any Group Company or of any other person whatsoever or on the satisfaction of any other condition;
(c) there is no Security over that cash except for any Permitted Security constituted by a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their banking arrangements; and
(d) the cash is freely and (except as mentioned in paragraph (a) above) immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the of the indebtedness incurred under the Finance Documents.
"Cash Equivalent Investments" means, in respect of the Group, and at any time, (i) immediately available funds at bank or postal accounts and (ii) marketable debt securities held for cash management purposes that can be realised promptly and which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or F1 or higher by Fitch Ratings Ltd or P-1 or higher by Moody's Investor Services Limited, or, if no rating is available in respect of the commercial paper or debt securities, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more persons, not being Fredrik Holmström, ID No. 19710525-0539 (or any of his children, siblings or children of siblings or any spouse of Fredrik Holmström), acting together, acquire control over the Issuer.
For the purpose of this definition "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying (i) the satisfaction of the Maintenance Test, (i) the satisfaction of the Incurrence Test, if relevant, and (ii) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is

4
provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report, the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Maintenance Test and if the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with a Restricted Payment and/or incurrence of Financial Indebtedness include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test and/or Ratio Debt Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"De-listing Event" means that (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on First North Stockholm, on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive Business Days.
"Equity" means (by reference to the consolidated balance sheet of the Group) the sum of (i) restricted equity (Sw. bundet eget kapital), (ii) non-restricted equity (Sw. fritt eget kapital), and (iii) any Subordinated Loans.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held with a bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Bondholders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent on or about the First Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Secured Creditors.
"Existing Indebtedness" means the existing SEK 26,000,000 bond with ISIN SE0005566825 and the SEK 200,000,000 bond with ISIN SE0005932290.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in any of the Clauses 16.1 (Non-Payment) to and including Clause 16.9 (Continuation of the Business).
"Final Maturity Date" means 28 April 2020.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, the Subordination Agreement, the Agency Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document.
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);

5
(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;
(g) any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares, including preference shares, which are redeemable (other than at the option of the issuer) before the Final Maturity Date; and
(h) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(g).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the Group's annual audited financial statements or quarterly interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available in accordance with Clause 12.1 (Information from the Issuer).
"First Call Date" means 28 April 2018.
"First Issue Date" means 28 April 2016.
"Floating Rate Margin" means 6.25 percentage units per annum.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Incurrence Test" means the Incurrence Test as set forth in Clause 14(a).
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.

6
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9(a)9(d).
"Interest Payment Date" means 28 April, 28 July, 28 October and 28 January each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 28 July 2016 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Final Maturity Date (or any Redemption Date prior thereto).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (ora shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3 months STIBOR plus the Floating Rate Margin.
"Issuer" means Magnolia Bostad AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556797-7078.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556206-8956, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Magnolia Utveckling" means Magnolia Utveckling AB, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556776-1464.
"Maintenance Test" means the test of the financial maintenance covenant as set out in Clause 13.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
(a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole;
(b) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with its payment and the Issuer's undertakings pursuant to Clause 13 (Maintenance Covenants) and Clause 15 (General Undertakings) under these Terms and Conditions; or
(c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary (on a consolidated basis) representing more than 20 per cent. of the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the most recent Financial Report.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds which after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs (excluding costs relating to the

7
listing of the Bonds), including fees, payable by the Issuer to Pareto Securities AB, ABG Sundal Collier AB, and Swedbank AB (publ) as joint bookrunners for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2(c).
"Outstanding Nominal Amount" means the Nominal Amount reduced with any amount repaid and prepaid in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) of the Group incurred under the Bonds (excluding Subsequent Bonds);
(b) incurred under any lease agreement entered into by a Group Company;
(c) taken up by a Group Company from a Group Company;
(d) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(e) arising under a foreign exchange transaction or commodity derivatives for spot or forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates or prices where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Terms and Conditions, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(f) arising under any interest rate hedging transactions in respect of payments to be made under any interest bearing debt, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes;
(g) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds indebtedness, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question;
(h) related to any Subordinated Loans;
(i) incurred under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(j) incurred by a Project Entity under any Project Facility;
(k) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) is incurred as a result of a Subsequent Bond Issue and meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis, or (ii) ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, and (A) meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis (B) has a final maturity date or a final maturity date; and (C) when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates, in each case (B) and (C) which occur after the Final Maturity Date; and
(l) incurred under any working capital facility provided for the general corporate purposes of the Group in the maximum amount of SEK 50,000,000 (the "Working Capital Facility").

8
"Permitted Security" means any guarantee or Security:
(a) under the Finance Documents.
(b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised);
(c) provided in relation to any lease agreement entered into by a Group Company;
(d) provided pursuant to items (g), (j) and (k) of the definition of Permitted Debt;
(e) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial derivatives transactions or bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements;
(f) provided for interest rate hedging transactions set out in paragraph (f) of the definition Permitted Debt;
(g) incurred by a Project Entity under any rental guarantees provided in the ordinary course of business and in connection with disposal of properties and property companies;
(h) any guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business by, or for the benefit of or in respect of the obligations of, a Group Company and/or any Project Entity; and
(i) provided for the Working Capital Facility.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Preference Shares" means outstanding preference shares issued by the Issuer from time to time, provided such preference shares are issued on an arm's length basis and on market terms (or for the Company more favorable terms).
"Project" means (i) the acquisition of a real property or a real property company, (ii) a construction and development of real estate or (iii) other activities relating to (i) and (ii) in the ordinary course of business.
"Project Entity" means any Subsidiary, joint-venture company, associated company (Sw. intressebolag), housing co-operative (Sw. bostadsrättsförening), partnership company (Sw. kommanditbolag), trading company (Sw. handelsbolag), economic association (Sw. ekonomisk förening) or any other legal entity where the Group holds, or in case of a housing co-operative holds or have held, ownership orfinancial interest and which owns or manages Projects.
"Project Facility" means any Financial Indebtedness incurred by a Project Entity for the purpose of financing or refinancing a Project or part of a Project.

9
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 17 (Distribution of Proceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed, repaid or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds).
"Reference Banks" means Nordea Bank AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) (or such other banks as may be appointed by the Issuing Agent in consultation with the Issuer.
"Reference Dates" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Creditors" means the Bondholders and the Agent (included in its capacity as Agent under the Agency Agreement).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Creditors under the Finance Documents.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Document" means the share pledge agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Security Agent with respect to the shares in Magnolia Utveckling.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or

10
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero. "Subordination Agreement" means the subordination agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date initially between, among others, the Issuer, the Agent, and each Subordinated Lender (as defined therein), as amended from time to time.
"Subordinated Loans" means (a) any Preference Shares of the Issuer provided that such preference shares has no put option rights for the holders which may be exercised before the Final Maturity Date, or (b) any loan incurred by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, if such loan (i) according to its terms and the Subordination Agreement (on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Agent), is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (ii) according to its terms have a final maturity date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date, and (iii) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which a person:
(a) has direct or indirect control, according to Chapter 1 Section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (or under such provision as may replace this provision); or
(b) owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent of the share capital or other right of ownership.
"Swedish Government Note Rate" means:
(a) the interpolated SGB rate between the SGB 12 August 2017 (series 1051) and the SGB 12 March 2019 (series 1052) (mid rates), as determined by the Issuing Agent on or about 11.00 am on the date of the notification of redemption;
(b) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (a), the SGB rate which the Issuing Agent deems appropriate for the purpose of the calculation set out in this definition (acting reasonably); and
if any such rate is below zero, the Swedish Government Bond Rate will be deemed to be zero.
Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.

11
"Total Assets" means by reference to the consolidated balance sheet of the Group, the consolidated book-value of all assets of the Group in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (a) the issuance of the Bonds and (b) the listing of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.10 (Listing of the Bonds).
"Transaction Security" means the Security provided for the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Security Document.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Written Procedure).
1.2 Construction
(a) Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(i) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(ii) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(iii) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(iv) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re enacted; and
(v) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
(b) An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(d) When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website

12
(www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
(e) No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each Bond is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The Total Nominal Amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 600,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) Provided that (i) the Incurrence Test is met (tested pro forma including such Financial Indebtedness), and (ii) that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 750,000,000.
(e) Except as set out in Clause 5 (Transfer restrictions) below, and subject to any restrictions to which a Bondholder may be subject due to local law or otherwise, the Bonds are freely transferrable. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost and expense.
(f) Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
(g) No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer orthe Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.

13
3. Use of Proceeds
The Net Proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Bonds shall be applied against refinancing of the Existing Debt and for on-lending to Magnolia Utveckling for the purpose of financing general corporate purposes of the Group. Any proceeds from any issuance of Subsequent Bonds shall be applied against for on-lending to Magnolia Utveckling for the purpose of financing general corporate purposes of the Group.
4. Conditions Precedent
(a) The payment of the Net Proceeds to the Escrow Account is subject to the Agent having received documents and evidence of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement being duly executed and perfected.
(b) The Issuer shall provide, or procure the provision of, to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably):
(i) copies of constitutional documents of the Issuer;
(ii) copies of necessary corporate resolutions for the Issuer;
(iii) confirmation from the Issuing Agent that the Issuer has issued a completeness certificate and a statement of responsibility;
(iv) evidence that the amounts to be released from the Escrow Account shall be applied towards payments in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds);
(v) a duly executed copy of the Security Document;
(vi) a duly executed copy of the Subordination Agreement;
(vii) evidence that existing security granted in favour of the Existing Indebtedness will be released and discharged upon repayment of the Existing Indebtedness; and
(viii) evidence that the Transaction Security has been granted by the Issuer and either has been or will be perfected in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents.
(c) When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b)(i)-(vii) have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the bank (with which the Company holds the Escrow Account) to transfer the funds except for any funds required for repayment of the Existing Indebtedness from the Escrow Account to the Issuer. When the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b)(viii) has been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent, the Agent shall instruct the bank to transfer the remaining funds from the Escrow Account for the purpose of payments in accordance with Clause 3 (Use of Proceeds), and the Agent shall thereafter or in connection therewith release the pledge over the Escrow Account.

14
(d) If the conditions precedent for disbursement set out in Clause 4(b) have not been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably) or waived by the Agent within forty (40) Business Days from the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall repurchase all Bonds at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with any accrued Interest. Any funds distributed by the Agent to the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 3(b)(ii) of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to be paid by the Issuer for the redemption under this Clause 4(d). The repurchase date shall fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the ending of the forty (40) Business Days period referred to above.
5. Transfer restrictions
(a) No Bondholder may offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer any Bond except:
(i) to the Issuer;
(ii) to a person who the seller reasonably believes is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act purchasing for its own account or for the account or benefit of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A;
(iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, as applicable, of Regulation S under the Securities Act;
(iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available);
(v) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, subject to the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel or such other evidence that the Issuer may reasonably require confirming that such sale or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act; or
(vi) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
provided however that in each case a transfer is made in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction.
(b) The Bonds may not, subject to applicable Canadian laws, be traded in Canada for a period of four (4) months and a day from the date the Bonds were originally issued.
(c) The Issuer makes no representation as to the availability of an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act.
6. Bonds in Book-Entry Form
(a) The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities Accounts and no physical bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be

15
registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.
(b) Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act.
(c) The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.
(d) For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting under Clause 19 (Bondholders' Meeting) or any direct communication to the Bondholders under Clause 20 (Written Procedure), the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.
(e) The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.
7. Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder
(a) If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.
(b) A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the Bondholder.
(c) The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

16
8. Payments in Respect of the Bonds
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date.
(b) If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the relevant Bondholder being registered as such on the Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.
(c) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9(c) during such postponement.
(d) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
9. Interest
(a) Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Outstanding Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the First Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Bond will carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Outstanding Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance (or the First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a

17
rate which is two hundred (200) basis points higher than the Interest Rate for such Interest Period. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
10. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
10.1 Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
10.2 Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way. The Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
10.3 Voluntary Total Redemption
(a) The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full with an amount per Bond equal to the Call Option Amount applicable to the relevant period for the repayment of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full with the applicable amounts.
10.4 Voluntary Partial Redemption
(a) The Issuer may on one occasion (being an Interest Payment Date) during each 12 months period commencing 12 months after the First Issue Date, repay up to 10.00 per cent (but not less than 5.00 per cent) of the total Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1.00) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount of 2.00 per cent, and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
(b) Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.4(a) shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice prior to the relevant Redemption Date to the Bondholders and the Agent and in accordance with the instructions

18
of the Issuer or the Issuing Agent, as applicable, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds with the applicable amounts.
(c) Following a voluntary partial prepayment in accordance with the terms set out in (a) above, the Issuer may not, at any time, issue any Subsequent Bonds.
10.5 Mandatory Repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event
(a) Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or only some, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of sixty (60) Business Days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse).
(b) The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b) shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.1(b). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5(a).
(c) No repurchase of Bonds pursuant to this Clause 10.5 shall be required if the Issuer has given notice of a redemption pursuant to Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption) provided that such redemption is duly exercised.
10.6 General
(a) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10 by virtue of the conflict.
(b) Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
11. Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the First Issue Date the Transaction Security to the Secured Creditors as represented by the Agent on the terms set out in the Security Document.

19
(b) The Agent shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Creditors in accordance with the Security Documents. The Issuer and the relevant Subsidiaries shall enter into the Security Document and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Security Documents on or before the First Issue Date.
(c) Unless and until the Agent has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Agent shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Agent's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Creditors or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders as a group.
(d) The Bondholders shall be entitled to give instructions relating to the Transaction Security to the Agent in accordance with the Finance Documents.
12. Information to Bondholders
12.1 Information from the Issuer
(a) The Issuer shall make the following information available in the English language to the Bondholders by publication on the website of the Issuer:
(i) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the end of each financial year, the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(ii) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors;
(iii) the year-end report (Sw. bokslutskommunike) for such period; and
(iv) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden), Regulation No 596/2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation), as applicable and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are listed.

20
(b) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event.
(c) When the financial statements and other information are made available the Bondholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.
(d) The Issuer shall:
(i) supply to the Agent, with each set of its financial statements, delivered pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) above, for a period ending on a Reference Date, a Compliance Certificate setting out (in reasonable detail) computations as to compliance with the Maintenance Test as at the relevant Reference Date;
(ii) supply to the Agent;
(A) in connection with the incurrence of new Financial Indebtedness incurred pursuant to paragraphs (g) and (j) of the definition of "Permitted Debt" a Compliance Certificate which shall contain computations as to the Incurrence Test ;
(B) upon a distribution in accordance with paragraph (b) of Clause 15.2 (Distributions) a Compliance Certificate which shall contain computations as to the RP Incurrence Test; or
(C) within twenty (20) Business Days from the Agent's request a Compliance Certificate which shall contain computations as to the relevant test requested by the Agent; and
(e) The first Compliance Certificate to be delivered by the Issuer in accordance with paragraph (d)(i) and, if applicable, (ii) above shall be delivered by the Issuer to the Agent for the period ending on the Reference Date falling 30 June 2016.
(f) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 12.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including

21
entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 12.1.
(h) When and for as long as the Bonds are listed, the Issuer shall also make the information set out in paragraph 12.1(a) above available by way of press releases.
12.2 Information from the Agent
Subject to restrictions of any applicable law and regulation, the Agent is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
12.3 Information among the Bondholders
Upon request by a Bondholder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Bondholders any information from such Bondholder which relates to the Bonds. The Agent may require that the requesting Bondholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed.
12.4 Publication of Finance Documents
(a) The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
(b) The latest versions of the other Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
13. Maintenance Covenants
(a) The Issuer shall ensure that the Equity Ratio at all times shall be at least 25.00 per cent.
(b) The first test date for the Maintenance Test shall be 30 June 2016.
14. Incurrence Test
(a) The Incurrence Test is met if, at the relevant time:
(i) the Equity Ratio is at least:
(A) 27.50 per cent. from and including the First Issue Date to but excluding the date falling one year after the First Issue Date;

22
(B) 28.50 per cent. from and includingthe date falling one year after the First Issue Date to but excluding the date falling two years after the First Issue Date;
(C) 29.50 per cent. from and including the date falling two years after the First Issue Date to but excluding the date falling three years after the First Issue Date;
(D) 30.00 per cent. from and including the date falling three years after the First Issue Date to and including the Final Maturity Date; and
(ii) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness or the making of any Restricted Payments, as applicable.
(b) The calculation of the Equity Ratio under Clause 14 above shall be made as per a testing date being the last date of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report.
15. General Undertakings
15.1 General
The Issuer undertakes to (and shall, where applicable, procure that each other Group Company will) comply with the undertakings set out in this Clause 15 for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding.
15.2 Distributions
(a) The Issuer shall not and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will:
(i) pay any dividend on its shares or Preference Shares;
(ii) repurchase any of its own shares or Preference Shares;
(iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders;
(iv) make any repayments on any Subordinated Loans or capitalised or accrued interest thereunder; or
(v) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer,
subparagraphs (i)-(v) above each being a "Restricted Payment", provided that a Restricted Payment may be made if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment and is made by any Group Company to another Group Company and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro

23
rata basis or in a larger proportion to the Group, except that Restricted Payments made by Moutarde Holding AB, Reg No 556910-7856 and its Subsidiaries shall be permitted even if not made on a pro rata basis and even if the larger proportion is made to holders outside the Group.
(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer, if at the time of the payment:
(i) the Group holds Cash and Cash Equivalents of a minimum amount of SEK 25,000,000;
(ii) no Event of Default is continuing;
(iii) the Incurrence Test is met (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment); and
(iv) if, at the time of the payment, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question but excluding any Restricted Payment pursuant to paragraph (a) above)) does not exceed (A) 25.00 per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit for the fiscal year of 2016 and 2017, and (B) 50 per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit for each fiscal year following the fiscal year of 2017.
15.3 Nature of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the First Issue Date if such change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
15.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Subsidiaries have a right to incur Financial Indebtedness that constitute Permitted Debt.
15.5 Dealings with Related Parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.
15.6 Disposal of Assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or that Subsidiary's assets or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out on market terms and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.

24
15.7 Negative Pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
15.8 Loans Out
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide any loan to any party other than to another Group Company or a Project Entity or any associated company (Sw. intressebolag) in the ordinary course of business, in addition the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall also be permitted to provide loans to an external party if such loan is provided (i) on market terms or for the Group more favorable terms and (ii) in the ordinary course of business.
15.9 Insurance:
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that all other Group Company, keep all its real properties insured to an extent which is customary for similar properties on the relevant geographical market with one or more reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall inter alia include full re-instatement value insurance.
15.10 Listing of the Bonds
(a) The Issuer shall use its best effort to (i) have the Bonds listed at the corporate bond list on First North Stockholm no later than 30 days after the First Issue Date and the Issuer shall take all reasonable measures to ensure that the Bonds are listed accordingly, provided that the Bonds shall in any case be listed within 60 days after the First Issue Date, and (ii) to replace such listing with a listing at the corporate bond list on NASDAQ Stockholm not later than one year after the First Issue Date and shall take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds, once listed on NASDAQ Stockholm, continue being listed on NASDAQ Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, subject to and taking into account the rules and regulations of NASDAQ Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
(b) Upon any issuance of Subsequent Bonds, the Issuer shall promptly, but not later than ten (10) Business Days after the relevant issue date, procure that the volume of Bonds listed is increased accordingly.
16. Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 16 (other than Clause 16.10 (Acceleration of the Bonds)) is an Event of Default.

25
16.1 Non-Payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless the non-payment:
(a) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(b) is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
16.2 Other Obligations
The Issuer does not comply with any provision under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out in Clause 16.1 (Non-Payment), provided that the Agent has requested the Issuer in writing to remedy such failure and the Issuer has not remedied the failure within twenty (20) Business Days from such request (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request).
16.3 Cross-Acceleration
Any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 16.3 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness is less than SEK 15,000,000.
16.4 Insolvency
(a) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of any Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.
16.5 Insolvency Proceedings
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) any proceedings, petitions or procedures that the Issuer, within 30 days of commencement, can demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent are frivoluos or vexatious, (ii) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (iii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(a) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and

26
(b) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
16.6 Mergers and Demergers
A decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be demerged or merged into a company which is not a Group Company if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged.
16.7 Creditors' Process
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding SEK 15,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) days.
16.8 Impossibility or Illegality
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under any Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable.
16.9 Continuation of the Business
The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business, except if due to (i) a merger or demerger permitted under 16.6 (Mergers and Demergers), or (ii) a disposal permitted under 15.6 (Disposal of Assets), if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
16.10 Acceleration of the Bonds
(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Agent is entitled to, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (but such date may not fall after the Final Maturity Date), and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.
(b) The Agent may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 16 by reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently).
(c) The Agent shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within

27
twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.
(d) If the Bondholders (in accordance with these Terms and Conditions) instruct the Agent to accelerate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as, in the opinion of the Agent, may be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.
(e) If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.
(f) In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 16, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount equal to the redemption amount specified in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary Total Redemption), as applicable considering when the acceleration occurs and, shall forthe non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (b) of the Call Option Amount definition above.
17. Distribution of Proceeds
(a) All payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 16 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the Transaction Security shall be applied in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(i) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 22.2(e) or paid to the Agent, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 18(c);
(ii) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

28
(iii) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(iv) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer.
(b) Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security shall constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be promptly turned over to the Agent to be applied in accordance with this Clause 17 as soon as reasonably practicable.
18. Decisions by Bondholders
(a) Any decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.
(b) Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting.
(c) The Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.
(d) Should the Agent not convene a Bondholders' Meeting or instigate a Written Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without paragraph (c) above being applicable, the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) requesting a decision by the Bondholders may convene such Bondholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the case may be, instead. The Issuer or the Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the Issuer or the convening Bondholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds in order to convene and hold the Bondholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

29
(e) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19 (a) or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in accordance with Clause 20 (a), in both cases with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 22.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19 (a). The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for a Bondholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with the a notice or the communication. The Issuing Agent shall provide the Issuer with the information available in the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds in order to convene and hold the Bondholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(f) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to Act on Behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a Bondholder:
(i) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Bondholders' Meeting, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or
(ii) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 20(c), in respect of a Written Procedure,
may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
(g) The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least sixty-six and two thirds (66 2/3) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20(c):
(i) a change to the terms of any of Clauses 2(a), 2(f) and 2(g);
(ii) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 17 (Distribution of Proceeds);
(iii) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 18;
(iv) a change to the definition "Interest Payment Date" or the definition "Interest Rate" set out in Clause 1.1 (Definitions);
(v) a release of the Transaction Security, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Document;

30
(vi) an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;
(vii) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities;
(viii) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 16 (Events of Default and Acceleration of the Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.
(h) Any matter not covered by Clause 18(g) shall require the consent of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) percent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20(c). This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 21(a)(i), 21(a)(ii)) or 21 (a)(iii) or the enforcement of any Transaction Security.
(i) Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(i) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(ii) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Bondholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
(j) If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 19(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 20(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 18(i) shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
(k) Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as applicable.
(l) A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.

31
(m) The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
(n) A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
(o) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
(p) If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company.
(q) Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
19. Bondholders' Meeting
(a) The Agent shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Bondholder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19(a) with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 22.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19(a).

32
(c) The notice pursuant to Clause 19(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Bondholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
(d) The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
(e) Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.
20. Written Procedure
(a) The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no laterthan five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
(b) Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 20(a) to each Bondholder with a copy to the Agent.
(c) A communication pursuant to Clause 20(a) shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 20(a)). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
(d) When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 18(g) and 18(h) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 18(g) or 18(h), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.

33
21. Amendments and Waivers
(a) The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(i) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders as a group, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;
(iii) such amendment will not negatively affect the Bondholders or the Agent and is necessary for the purpose of the listing of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 15.10 (Listing of the Bonds); or
(iv) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders).
(b) The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
(c) The Agent shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 21(a), setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 12.4 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
(d) An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
22. Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
22.1 Appointment of Agent
(a) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security.
(b) By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms the appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf as set out in paragraph (a).

34
(c) Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
(d) The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
(f) The Agent may only act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies where these issues are ranked pari passu and do not otherwise entail any obvious conflicts of interest for the Agent.
22.2 Duties of the Agent
(a) The Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforce the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(c) The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, provided that such professional parties are selected with due care.
(d) The Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests orto act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
(e) The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all reasonable costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from

35
external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution of Proceeds).
(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
(g) If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
22.3 Limited liability for the Agent
(a) The Agent will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
(b) The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
(c) The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Bondholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
(d) The Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Bondholders) or a demand by Bondholders given pursuant to Clause 16.10(a).
(e) Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
22.4 Replacement of the Agent
(a) Subject to Clause 22.4(f), the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.

36
(b) Subject to Clause 22.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent with immediate effect and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(c) A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
(d) If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
(e) The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
(f) The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
(g) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
(h) In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 22.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agree otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

37
23. Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
(a) The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
(b) The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
24. No Direct Actions by Bondholders
(a) A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or with respect to the Transaction Security to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
(b) Clause 24(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Bondholders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but is legally unable to take such actions.
25. Prescription
(a) The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
(b) If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period often (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
26. Notices
(a) Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:

38
(i) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(ii) if to the Issuer, to the following address:
(A) Magnolia Bostad AB (publ) Att: Board of directors, CFO, CEO Grev Turegatan 11 a 114 46 Stockholm Sweden; or
(B) if sent by email by the Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time.
(iii) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Bondholders.
(b) Any notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
(c) Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if between the Issuer and the Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26(a) or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 26(a) or, in case of email, when received in readable form by the email recipient.
27. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
(b) The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm (Stockholms tingsrätt).
(c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall not limit the right of the Agent (or the Bondholders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date: __)_ April 2016
For and behalf of Magnolia Bostad AB (publ) as Issuer

Title:

Rune

Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date:____April 2016
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent
Name:

Place: Stockholm, Sweden Date:____April 2016 For and behalf of Magnolia Bostad AB (publ) as Issuer
Title: Name:
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: Stockholm, Sweden
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ)
Name: Christian Svanfeldt

