TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR LAVARE HOLDING AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 700,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE
BONDS 2014/2019
ISIN: SE0005799186
Issue Date: 4 April 2014
The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this
document comes are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions.
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States ofAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.......................................................................................... 1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE
PAYMENTS................................................................................................................................. 20 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS...........................................................................................................20 4. USE OF PROCEEDS...................................................................................................................21 5. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY......................................................................................21 6. SECURITY................................................................................................................................... 22 7. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM...............................................................................................25 8. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER.............................................................................26 9. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS...............................................................................26 10. INTEREST................................................................................................................................... 27 11. REDEMPTION AND REPAYMENT OF THE BONDS..................................................................28 12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS........................................................................................................29 13. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT OF THE NET
PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 34 14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT.....................................................................................................35 15. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS................................................................................................37 16. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................41 17. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS.........................................................................................................43 18. HOLDERS' MEETING..................................................................................................................46 19. WRITTEN PROCEDURE.............................................................................................................47 20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.................................................................................................48 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT OR SECURITY
AGENT ......................................................................................................................................... 49 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT...........................................54 23. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS........................................................................................54 24. TIME-BAR.................................................................................................................................... 55 25. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES...........................................................................................55 26. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.................................................................56 27. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION...................................................................................57

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR LAVARE HOLDING AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 700,000,000
SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS 2014/2019
ISIN: SE0005799186

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means (i) until the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the generally accepted local accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden as published by the Swedish accounting standards board (Sw. Bokföringsnämnden) and as adopted in the 2013 annual accounts of Textilia Group and (ii) once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), the IFRS.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the date of supply, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course o f business.

"Affiliate" means any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, ``control'' when

1

used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms ``controlling'' and ``controlled'' have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Agent" means the agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the Finance Documents, from time to time, initially Swedish Trustee AB (publ), reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, 103 90, Stockholm, Sweden.
"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.
"Bank" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ).
"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including any Bond issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue.
"Bond Issue" means the issuance of the Bonds on the Issue Date.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Business Mortgage Certificates" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the definition of Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement.
"Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) at the latest twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group regarding a first priority pledge over (i) all of the electronic business mortgage certificates (Sw. företagsinteckningsbrev) having registration numbers 19980528.202.01 (in an amount of SEK 46,000,000 within SEK
2

46.000. 000), 19990914.49.01 (in an amount of SEK 15,000,000 within SEK 61,000,000), 20010514.26.01 (in an amount of SEK 20,000,000 within SEK 81,000,000), 20010904.27.01 (in an amount of SEK 10.000. 000 within SEK 91,000,000), 20030603.15.01 (in an amount of SEK 30,000,000 within SEK 121,000,000), 20031022.69.01 (in an amount of SEK 7,500,000 within SEK 128,500,000) and 20100720.62.01 (in an amount of SEK 80,000,000 within SEK 213,500,000) and (ii) the physical business mortgage certificate having registration number 20031031.29.01 (in an amount of SEK 5,000,000 within SEK 133,500,000) (the "Physical Certificate"), (together (i) and the Physical Certificate constitute the "Business Mortgage Certificates") all being issued by Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket).
"Call Option" means the early voluntary redemption of the Bonds as set out in Clause 11.3 (Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)).
"Call Option Amount" means:
(a) 102.96 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date;
(b) 102.37 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on the date falling 36 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date;
(c) 101.78 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on the date falling 42 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date;
(d) 101.18 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on the date falling 48 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date;
(e) 100.59 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on the date falling 54 months after the Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling 57 months after the Issue Date; or
3

(f) 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount if the Call Option is exercised on the date falling 57 months after the Issue Date up to the Final Maturity Date.
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means cash and cash equivalents in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Cash Payment" means the part of the consideration to be paid in cash in accordance with the Share Sale and Subscription Agreement and the Transfer Notes.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that (i) so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it and (ii) if provided in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test, that the Incurrence Test is met including calculations and figures in respect of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA and the Interest Coverage Ratio.
"Conditions Precedent for Disbursement" means all actions and documents set forth in Clause 13.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Derivative Transaction" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (f) under the definition of Permitted Debt.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Relevant Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s):
(a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by any Group Company;
(b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges;
(c) before taking into account any extraordinary or exceptional items (as applicable) which are not in line with the ordinary course of business but only insofar as such would not result in more than a 10.00 per cent. variation of the total EBITDA compared to if the extraordinary or exceptional items (as applicable) would be taken into account;
(d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs;
4

(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company;
(f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis);
(g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset;
(h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests;
(i) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and
(j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer or any other Group Company, resulting in that such shares are quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account of the Issuer held by the Bank, into which the Net Proceeds will be transferred and which has been pledged in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent) under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) on or about the Issue Date in respect of a first priority pledge over the Escrow Account and all funds held on the Escrow Account from time to time, granted in favour of the Agent and the Holders (represented by the Agent).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 15.1.
"Existing Security and Guarantees" means all security and any guarantees (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt security pursuant to
5

any SEB Factoring Arrangement and the SEB Leases), provided in relation to the Refinancing Debt. "Final Maturity Date" means 4 April 2019. "Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness (which shall for the avoidance of doubt include any Finance Lease) whether paid, payable or capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) without taking into account any Transaction Costs or any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instruments which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis. "Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Security Documents, the Agent Agreement and any other document designated by the Issuer and the Agent as a Finance Document. "Finance Lease" means an arrangement treated as a finance lease in accordance with the principles provided by the IFRS. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of: (a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans; (b) the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Leases; (c) receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the
extent they are sold on a non-recourse basis); (d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; (e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account); (f) any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
6

(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av finansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer.
"First Call Date" means the date falling 30 months after the Issue Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1.
"Funds Flow Statement" means the description of flow of funds disbursed from the Escrow Account for (i) payment of the full Cash Payment and (ii) repayment of the Refinancing Debt.
"Group" means the Issuer and all the Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Holders'Meeting).
"IFRS" means the international financial reporting standards within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).
"Incurrence Test" means that:
(a) the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA calculated in accordance with the Incurrence Test Calculation Principles (i) from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) 4 April 2015 is not greater than 4.00, (ii) from (and including ) 4 April 2015 up to (but excluding) 4 April 2016 is not greater than 3.50 and (iii) from (and including) 4 April 2016 up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date is not greater than 3.00; and
7

(b) the Interest Coverage Ratio calculated in accordance with the Incurrence Test Calculation Principles exceeds 3.00.
"Incurrence Test Calculation Principles" means that:
(a) (i) the calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than one month prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness or the payment of the Restricted Payment (as applicable), (ii) the Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant testing date so determined, but include the new Financial Indebtedness or the Restricted Payment (as applicable) provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt) and (iii) EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in paragraphs (b) and (c) below;
(b) the calculation of the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be made for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report;
(c) the figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Relevant Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:
(i) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Relevant Period, or after the end of the Relevant Period but before the relevant testing date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and
(ii) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Relevant Period; and
(d) notwithstanding that the Issuer acquires Textilia Group and the other Group Companies first in connection with the Bond Issue, Textilia Group and the other Group Companies shall be part of the Group pro forma for the entire Relevant Period when calculating the Incurrence Test.
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the Issue Date.
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
8

"Intercompany Loans" means the intercompany loans which shall be entered into on or about the Issue Date between the Issuer and any Subsidiary and between a Subsidiary and another Subsidiary, pursuant to which part of the proceeds from the Bond Issue will be on lent. Such Intercompany Loans shall be pledged pursuant to the Issuer Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement or the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements (as applicable). Any proceeds from a Subsequent Bond Issue, which shall be used by a Subsidiary, shall also be on lent by way of entering into intercompany loans which in turn shall be pledged to the Security Agent and the Holders (represented by the Security Agent) in accordance with the above principles.
"Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements" means each of the pledge agreements regarding a first priority pledge of all the relevant Subsidiaries' present and future money claims under the Intercompany Loans entered into between the applicable Subsidiary and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) at the latest twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 10.1 to 10.3.
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Determination Date" means the day falling two (2) Banking Days before each Interest Period;
"Interest Payment Date" means 4 January, 4 April, 4 July and 4 October each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 4 July 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Maturity Date).
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date up to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if applicable) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
9

"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (3 months) + 5.00 per cent. per annum.
"Issue Date" means 4 April 2014.
"Issuer" means Lavare Holding AB (publ), reg. no. 556957-7751, c/o Textilia, P.O Box 1544, SE-701 15 Örebro, Sweden.
"Issuer Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) regarding a first priority pledge of all the Issuer's present and future money claims under the Intercompany Loans.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, reg. no. 556206-8956, P.O. Box 7415, SE-103 91 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Limited Partnership Pledge Agreements" means each of the pledge agreements regarding a first priority pledge over all of the partnership interests in each of the Pledged Limited Partnerships entered into between the applicable Subsidiary and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) at the latest twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group.
"Litorina" means Litorina Capital III LP, a limited partnership, having its registered address at La Motte Street, St Helier, JE1 1BJ, Jersey.
"Make Whole Amount" means:
(a) the present value on the relevant Record Date of 102.96 per cent. of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(b) the present value on the relevant Record Date of the remaining interest payments (excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date) up to and including the First Call Date,
both (a) and (b) above calculated by using a discount rate equal to the Swedish Government Bond Rate plus 50 basis points (for the time period starting from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the
10

avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents, or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 10.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Minority Shareholders" means the direct shareholders of Textilia Group (except for Litorina) holding, together with Litorina, 100.00 per cent. of all of the shares in Textilia Group.
"Mortgage Certificate" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the definition of Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556383-9058, 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash or Cash Equivalents investment (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents, including funds held on the Escrow Account, of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted to include all Finance Leases.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement
11

and issuance of the Bonds shall be transferred to the Escrow Account and used in accordance with Clause 4 (Use o fproceeds).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Permitted Basket" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (m) under the definition of Permitted Debt.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness:
(a) incurred under the Bonds (including Bonds issued under any Subsequent Bond Issue, if such incurrence meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such incurrence);
(b) related to any agreements under which a Group Company leases office space (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) provided that such Financial Indebtedness is incurred in the ordinary course of such Group Company's business;
(c) incurred under the SEB Leases and the SEB Factoring Arrangement up until a date falling no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made;
(d) of the Group incurred pursuant to any Finance Lease or any factoring arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of the Group's business, at any time not exceeding an aggregate amount of SEK 70,000,000;
(e) taken up from a Group Company;
(f) arising under a derivative transaction entered into by a Group Company in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price where such exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under these Terms and Conditions (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any derivative transaction which in itself is entered into for investment or speculative purposes) ("Derivative Transaction");
(g) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity holds Financial Indebtedness, provided that the Incurrence Test is met, tested pro forma including the acquired entity in question, however should the Incurrence Test not be met, a clean-up period
12

of sixty (60) calendar days is permitted to unwind such Financial Indebtedness;
(h) related to any Shareholder Loans;
(i) incurred in the ordinary course of business under Advance Purchase Agreements;
(j) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) meets the Incurrence Test tested pro forma including such incurrence, (ii) is unsecured or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, and (iii) has a final maturity date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date;
(k) of the Group under any pension and tax liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;
(l) of the Group under any guarantee issued by a Group Company, or provided by such Group Company in any other way (including by way of purchasing, or providing back to back arrangements for, such guarantees from a third party), in the ordinary course of the Group's business; and
(m) any Financial Indebtedness not permitted by paragraphs (a) to (l) above, provided that the aggregate amount of such indebtedness, does not exceed SEK 5,000,000 (the "Permitted Basket").
"Permitted Security" means any guarantee or security:
(a) provided in accordance with the Finance Documents;
(b) constituting Existing Security and Guarantees until the conditions subsequent set out in paragraph (c) of Clause 14 (Conditions subsequent) have been fulfilled;
(c) provided in relation to the SEB Leases and SEB Factoring Arrangement up until a date falling no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made;
(d) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including collateral or retention o f title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance o f doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect o f any monies borrowed or raised);
13

(e) provided in relation to any office space lease agreement (Sw. kontorshyresavtal) constituting Permitted Debt;
(f) provided in relation to a Derivative Transaction in the form of guarantees from other Group Companies or Cash or Cash Equivalents;
(g) provided in relation to any Finance Lease or any factoring arrangement constituting Permitted Debt;
(h) incurred as a result of any Group Company acquiring another entity and which is due to that such acquired entity has provided security, provided that the debt secured with such security is Permitted Debt in accordance with paragraph (g) of Permitted Debt above;
(i) of the Group under any guarantee issued by or cash collateral provided by a Group Company, or provided by such Group Company in any other way (including by way of purchasing, or providing back to back arrangements for, such guarantees from a third party), in the ordinary course of the Group's business; and
(j) provided in relation to the Permitted Basket.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Physical Certificate" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the definition of Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement.
"Pledged Group Companies" means Textilia AB and Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB.
"Pledged Limited Partnerships" means each of Tvättlången KB, Tvättkarlen KB, SimÖren KB and SimRim KB.
"Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement" means the pledge agreement regarding a first priority pledge over the electronic mortgage certificate granted in the real estate Karlskrona Svarvaren 6 registered with the Swedish Land Registration Authority (Sw. Lantmäteriet) with registration number 8001482 (in an amount of SEK 10,000,000 within SEK 10,000,000) (the "Mortgage Certificate") entered into between Tvättkarlen KB and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in
14

its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) at the latest twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group. "Purpose of the Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 4.2. "QIB" has the meaning set forth in 5.7. "Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds), (iv) the date of a Holders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market. "Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repaid in accordance with Clause 11 (Redemption and repayment o f the Bonds). "Refinancing Debt" means the SEK 320,000,000 (originally SEK 250,000,000) existing loan facilities (or any refinancing thereof) raised under an agreement entered into by Textilia Group, Textilia AB and certain Ancillary Borrowers (as defined in such agreement) (as borrowers), the Bank (as lender) and certain Subsidiaries (as guarantors) on 4 November 2011 (as amended and restated on 25 June 2013 and as further amended and restated from time to time) but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any SEB Factoring Arrangement or SEB Leases. "Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments). "Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months. "Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.1 (Distributions). "SEB Factoring Arrangement" means the maximum SEK 30,000,000 factoring arrangement pursuant to an agreement titled "Avtal Blockbelåning nr 6036" between Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB and the Bank dated 2 September 2008 and as amended on 29 June 2010 through the agreement titled "Ändring av villkor ifakturabelåningsavtal" (and as further amended from time to time).
15

"SEB Leases" means certain Finance Leases currently provided by the Bank to certain Group Companies in an aggregate amount of approximately SEK 73,000,000.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security Agent" means the Agent when acting in its capacity as security agent on behalf of the Holders in relation to the Security Documents, or another party replacing it as Security Agent in accordance with the Finance Documents.
"Security Documents" means the Issuer Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement, the Textilia Group Share Pledge Agreement, the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements, the Share Pledge Agreements, the Limited Partnership Pledge Agreements, the Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement and the Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement together with any other documents requested by the Security Agent in relation to the perfection of the security.
"SEK" means the official currency of Sweden.
"Shareholder Loans" means any loans of the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries, from current and previous direct or indirect shareholders, where the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary is the debtor, if such shareholder loans (a) according to its terms and pursuant to a subordination agreement or similar agreement satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably) between the relevant creditor and the Agent, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions, (b) according to its terms have a final maturity date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Maturity Date, and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest.
"Share Pledge Agreements" means each of the pledge agreements regarding a first priority pledge over all of the shares in each of the Pledged Group Companies entered into between the applicable Subsidiaries and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) no later than twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group.
16

"Share Sale and Subscription Agreement" means the share sale and subscription agreement between Litorina and the Issuer to be entered into on or about the Issue Date setting out (i) the sale of all of Litorina's shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer for partial Cash Payment and partial consideration in kind (Sw. apport) (both pro rata to current shareholdings) (ii) the draft Transfer Notes, (ii) an undertaking that the Issuer will approve the non-cash issue of shares (Sw. apportemission) and (iii) a reduction of share capital of SEK 500,000, constituting the initial share capital of the Issuer prior to the non-cash issue of shares is completed, such amount to be paid to Litorina and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not constitute a Restricted Payment.
"STIBOR" means the interest rate published on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm's website (or such other system or on such other page which may replace the mentioned system and page, respectively) at approximately 11 a.m. CET on each Interest Determination Date or, if no such quotation exists, in all cases as determined by the Issuing Agent, using the average of four Nordic commercial banks' (determined by the Issuing Agent) quoted interbank market interest rates in Stockholm or, if only one or no such quotation is available, the interest rate which according to the Issuing Agent's assessment is the interest rate offered by Swedish commercial banks for lending SEK one hundred million (100,000,000) for the relevant period of time on the interbank market in Stockholm;
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" means any issue of Subsequent Bonds.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to the Issuer, any legal entity (whether incorporated or not), in respect of which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, (a) owns shares or ownership rights representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (b) otherwise controls more than 50.00 per cent. of the total number of votes held by the owners, (c) has the power to appoint and remove all, or the majority of, the members of the board of directors or other governing body or (d) exercises control as determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw.
17

statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the Redemption Date (or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source o f similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption Date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Textilia Group" means Textilia Group AB, reg. no. 556825-4337, c/o Textilia, P.O. Box 1544, 701 15 Örebro, Sweden.
"Textilia Group Share Pledge Agreement" means the pledge agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) regarding a first priority pledge over all of the shares in Textilia Group.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses incurred by a Group Company in connection with (a) the Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, (b) the repayment o f the Refinancing Debt (c) the set-up of and arrangements regarding shareholdings in the Issuer and subsequent transfer of shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer and (d) the listing of Bonds on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable).
"Transfer Notes" means the transfer notes to be entered into between the Issuer and each of the Minority Shareholders in the form set out in the Share Sale and Subscription Agreement setting out the sale of each of the Minority Shareholders' respective shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer for partial Cash Payment and partial consideration in kind (Sw. apport) (bothpro rata to current shareholdings).
18

"U.S. Securities Act" has the meaning set forth in Clause 5.6.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 19 ( Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1 Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2 When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.

1.2.3 A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non discriminatory manner.

1.2.4 No delay or omission of the Agent, the Security Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.

19

2.

THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE

PAYMENTS

2.1

The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK

700,000,000 and will be represented by Bonds, each of an initial nominal

amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Initial Nominal

Amount"). The nominal amount of each Bond will be the Initial Nominal

Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been

redeemed in part pursuant to a partial prepayment by the Issuer (the

"Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial

Bonds is SEK 585,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid

basis at an issue price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. The

ISIN for the Bonds is SE0005799186.

2.2

The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Bond Issue

is SEK 1,000,000 and integral multiples thereof.

2.3

The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise

act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.

2.4

The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by

these Terms and Conditions.

2.5

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall

benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring

Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms such agreements.

2.6

Provided that the Incurrence Test is met, the Issuer may, at one or several

occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from

and be subject to the Finance Documents. The price of the Subsequent

Bonds may be set at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal

Amount. The maximum total nominal amount of the Bonds (the Initial

Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed SEK 700,000,000.

Each Subsequent Bond shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance

with Clause 10, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.

Subsequent Bonds shall have the same ISIN, Interest Rate, Nominal

Amount, Final Maturity Date and other rights as Initial Bonds.

3.

STATUS OF THE BONDS

3.1

The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and

secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and

without any preference among them.

3.2

The Bonds are secured by security provided pursuant to the Security

Documents.

20

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

4.1

The Net Proceeds shall be transferred by the Issuing Agent to the Escrow

Account. For the purpose of securing that the Conditions Precedent for

Disbursement have been fulfilled before the disbursement of the Net

Proceeds and for the purpose of securing that the Net Proceeds will be

used by the Issuer in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue, the

Escrow Account has been pledged in favour of the Holders and the Agent

under the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement until the Conditions

Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled.

4.2

Upon fulfilment of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement, the Net

Proceeds shall be used towards (i) repayment of the Refinancing Debt,

(ii) recapitalising the Group and (iii) financing the Issuer's acquisition of

all of the shares in Textilia Group in accordance with the Share Sale and

Subscription Agreement and the Transfer Notes. Any remaining Net

Proceeds shall be applied towards payment of Transaction Costs and for

general corporate purposes (the "Purpose of the Bond Issue").

4.3

The proceeds from any Subsequent Bond Issue (after deduction has been

made for any Transaction Costs) shall be transferred by the Issuing Agent

directly to the Issuer to be used for general corporate purposes.

5.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

5.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being

any further actions required to be taken or formalities to be complied

with.

5.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these

Terms and Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically

applicable in relation to all Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

5.3

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to

permit a public offering o f the Bonds or the possession, circulation or

distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the

Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that

purpose is required.

5.4

Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to

the Bonds, as applicable from time to time under local laws to which a

Holder may be subject (due to, e.g., its nationality, its residency, its

registered address, its place(s) of business). Each Holder must ensure

compliance with local laws and regulations applicable at their own cost

and expense.

21

5.5

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under these Terms

and Conditions relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the

transferee.

5.6

The Bonds have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of

1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") and the Issuer is under no

obligation to arrange for registration of the Bonds under the U.S.

Securities Act or under any other law or regulation.

5.7

The Bonds are not offered to and may not be subscribed by investors

located in the United States except for "Qualified Institutional Buyers"

("QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.

In the application form each Person applying for the Bonds must confirm

whether it is a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under

the U.S. Securities Act, and if it is a U.S. Person it must confirm, inter

alia, that it is a QIB.

5.8

Holders located in the United States are not permitted to transfer Bonds

except (a) subject to an effective registration statement under the U.S.

Securities Act, (b) to a Person that the Holder reasonably believes is a

QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A that is purchasing for its own

account, or the account of another QIB, to whom notice is given that the

resale, pledge or other transfer may be made in reliance on Rule 144A,

(c) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the

U.S. Securities Act and (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration

under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if

available).

5.9

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder

which allegedly has purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory

restrictions applicable may nevertheless utilise its voting rights under

these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its full rights

as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been

resolved.

6.

SECURITY

6.1

As a continuing security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the

Issuer's and/or a Subsidiary's obligations under the Finance Documents,

the Issuer (and the relevant Subsidiaries, as the case may be) shall pledge,

in favour of the Holders (represented by the Security Agent) and the

Agent/Security Agent:

22

(a) all present and future money claims under the Intercompany Loans pursuant to the Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements and the Issuer Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement (as applicable);

(b) all shares in Textilia Group and the Pledged Group Companies pursuant to the Textilia Group Share Pledge Agreement and the Share Pledge Agreements (as applicable);

(c) all interests in the Pledged Limited Partnerships pursuant to the Limited Partnership Pledge Agreements;

(d) all Business Mortgage Certificates issued by Textilia Tvätt & Textilservice AB pursuant to the Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement; and

(e) the Mortgage Certificate pursuant to the Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement.

6.2

The Issuer shall ensure that the Security Documents and all documents

relating thereto are duly executed in favour of the Holders (as represented

by the Security Agent) and the Agent/Security Agent and that such

documents are legally valid, perfected, enforceable and in full force and

effect according to their terms. The Issuer shall execute and procure the

execution of such further documentation as the Security Agent may

reasonably require in order for the Holders and the Agent/Security Agent

to at all times maintain the security position envisaged hereunder.

6.3

The Security Agent will hold the security created under the Security

Documents on behalf of itself and the Holders in accordance with these

Terms and Conditions and the Security Documents.

6.4

Except if otherwise decided by the Holders according to the procedures

set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders) to 19 (Written procedures),

the Agent/Security Agent is, without first having to obtain the Holders'

consent, entitled to enter into binding agreements with the Issuer, the

Subsidiaries, or third parties if it is, in the Security Agent's sole

discretion, necessary for the purpose of establishing, maintaining,

altering, releasing or enforcing the security created (or to be created)

under the Security Documents or for the purpose of settling the various

Holders' relative rights to the security created under the Security

Documents, respectively. The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to take all

measures available to it according to the Security Documents.

23

6.5

If the Bonds are declared due and payable according to Clause 15

(Termination o f the Bonds) or following the Final Maturity Date, the

Agent/Security Agent is entitled to enforce the security created under the

Security Documents, in such manner and under such conditions that the

Agent/Security Agent finds acceptable (if in accordance with the Security

Documents, respectively).

6.6

If a Holders' Meeting has been convened to decide on the termination of

the Bonds and/or the enforcement of all or any of the security created

under all or any of the Security Documents, the Security Agent is

obligated to take actions in accordance with the Holders' decision

regarding the security created under the Security Documents. However, if

the Bonds are not terminated due to that the cause for termination has

ceased or due to any other circumstance mentioned in these Terms and

Conditions, the Security Agent shall not enforce any of the security

created under the Security Documents. If the Holders, without any prior

initiative from the Agent/Security Agent or the Issuer, have made a

decision regarding termination of the Bonds and enforcement of any of

the security created under the Security Documents in accordance with the

procedures set out in Clauses 17 (Decisions by Holders) to 19 (Written

procedures), the Agent/Security Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds

terminated and enforce the security created under the Security

Documents. The Agent/Security Agent is however not liable to take

action if the Agent/Security Agent considers cause for termination and/or

acceleration not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing

commit to holding the Agent/Security Agent indemnified and, at the

Agent's/Security Agent's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the

obligation.

6.7

Funds that the Security Agent receives on account of the Holders in

connection with the enforcement of any or all of the security created

under the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw.

redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag

(1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate

account on behalf of the Holders. The Security Agent shall promptly

arrange for payments to be made to the Holders in such case. If the

Agent/Security Agent deems it appropriate, it may, in accordance with

Clause 6.8, instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders.

6.8

For the purpose of exercising the rights of the Holders and the

Agent/Security Agent under these Terms and Conditions and for the

purpose of distributing any funds originating from the enforcement of any

24

security created under the Security Documents, the Issuer irrevocably authorises and empowers the Agent/Security Agent to act in the name of the Issuer, and on behalf of the Issuer, to instruct the CSD to arrange for payment to the Holders in accordance with Clause 6.7. To the extent permissible by law, the powers set out in this Clause 6.8 are irrevocable and shall be valid for as long as any Bonds remain outstanding. The Issuer shall immediately upon request by the Agent/Security Agent provide the Agent/Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Agent's/Security Agent's satisfaction), which the Agent/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under Clause 6.7. Especially, the Issuer shall, upon the Agent's/Security Agent's request, provide the Agent/Security Agent with a written power of attorney empowering the Agent/Security Agent to change the bank account registered with the CSD to a bank account in the name of the Agent/Security Agent and to instruct the CSD to pay out funds originating from an enforcement in accordance with Clause 6.7 to the Holders through the CSD.

7.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

7.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective

Securities Accounts and no physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly,

the Bonds will be registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments

Accounts Act. Registration requests relating to the Bonds shall be

directed to an Account Operator.

7.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the

Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)),

conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to

receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their entitlements to

receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts

Act.

7.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable

regulations) shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register

(Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of

the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide

it to the Agent.

7.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any

Written Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the

Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

25

register as contemplated under the Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall at the request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

7.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such Persons

employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such

individuals to independently obtain information directly from the debt

register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The Issuer may not

revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Holders.

7.6

At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing

Agent to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds and provide it to the Agent.

8.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

8.1

If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under the

Finance Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable,

a coherent chain of powers of attorney), a certificate from the authorised

nominee or other sufficient proof of authorisation for such Person.

8.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to

represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such

representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in

relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent

the Holder and may further delegate its right to represent the Holder by

way of a further power of attorney.

8.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or

other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to

Clause 8.1 and 8.2 and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is

valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and

effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

9.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

9.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents shall be made

to such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Record Date prior to

the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered with

the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment or

repayment amount.

9.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal,

Interest and any other payment that shall be made under these Terms and

Conditions shall be deposited in a certain bank account; such deposits

26

will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

9.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or

repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the

obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with

Clause 10.4 during such postponement.

9.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 9, the

Issuer and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to

pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not

entitled to receive such amount.

9.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in

connection with the Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in

respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent required

by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding

tax payable pursuant to law.

9.6

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under these Terms and

Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

10. INTEREST

10.1 The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any Bond issued pursuant to a Subsequent Bond Issue will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the relevant Redemption Date.

10.2 Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding Interest Period.

10.3 Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

10.4 If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue

27

amount from, but excluding, the due date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is 200 basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

11. REDEMPTION AND REPAYMENT OF THE BONDS

11.1 Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

11.2 The Group Companies' purchase of Bonds

Any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds. The Bonds held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled.

11.3 Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)

11.3.1

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

11.3.2

The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding Bonds on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Maturity Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.

11.3.3

Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3.1 and 11.3.2 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.

11.4 Voluntary partial repayment

The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding SEK 100,000 of principal debt outstanding per Bond (rounded off to a multiple of SEK 1,000) at

28

one occasion per each twelve month period during the first three (3) years after the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date, and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount, plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount amounting to 2.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount to be repaid, and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
11.5 Equity claw back
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 30.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 70.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount per Bond remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering) and the Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders. The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount equal to the applicable Call Option Amount for the relevant period and shall for the period from the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the First Call Date be at a price of 102.96 per cent. of the Nominal Amount and (ii) accrued but unpaid Interest on the repaid amount.
12. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
12.1 Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to
29

shareholders, (iv) repay or pay interest under any Shareholder Loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"), provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made by any of the Subsidiaries if such Restricted Payment is made to the Issuer or any of the Subsidiaries and, if made by a Subsidiary which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis.
12.2 Listing of Bonds
The Issuer shall take all measures required to ensure (i) that the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm, or if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market within 12 months after the Issue Date, (ii) that the Bonds, once listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), continue being listed thereon for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption o f the Bonds) and (iii) that upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the Issuer shall promptly, but not later than ten (10) Business Days after the relevant issue date, procure that the volume o f Bonds listed is increased accordingly.
12.3 Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the Issue Date.
12.4 Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, incur any additional Financial Indebtedness or maintain or prolong any existing Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Subsidiaries have a right to incur, maintain or prolong Financial Indebtedness which constitute Permitted Debt.
12.5 Disposals of assets
12.5.1 The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material GroupCompany will, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any Material Group Company
30

or of all or substantially all of its or any Material Group Company's assets or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of the wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect and, for the avoidance of doubt, shares which have been pledged pursuant the Textilia Group Share Pledge Agreement and the Share Pledge Agreements or interests which have been pledged pursuant to the Limited Partnership Pledge Agreements may at no point be disposed of as long as such assets remain pledged.

12.5.2

The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction referred to in Clause 12.5.1 and shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably) and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.

31

12.6 12.7 12.8
12.9 12.10

Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries will, create or allow to subsist, retain, provide, prolong or renew any guarantee or security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure any loan or other indebtedness, provided however that the Group Companies have a right to retain, provide, prolong and renew any Permitted Security.
Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.
Annual fees
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries will, not pay any fees or other reimbursements to Litorina, any other shareholder with a shareholding of at least 20.00 per cent. in the Issuer or its/their Affiliates and any associated management companies for services rendered to the Group and associated costs, except for in aggregate a maximum of SEK 3,000,000 per annum, provided such fees or other reimbursements and associated costs are reasonable. For the avoidance of doubt, such payments shall not constitute a Restricted Payment.
Compliance with laws etcetera
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that the Subsidiaries will, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions o f any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.
Financial reporting and information
The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements o f the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements o f the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than 4 months after the expiry o f each financial year (for the first time in

32

connection with the Financial Report relating to the financial period ending on 31 December 2014);
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, to the Agent and on its website not later than 2 months after the expiry of each relevant interim period (for the first time in relation to the Group (not including the Issuer) in connection with the Financial Report relating to the financial period ending on 31 March 2014 and where such first Financial Report shall only include figures for EBITDA and turnover of the Group (not including the Issuer)), where the Financial Reports for the three consecutive interim periods starting with the financial period ending on 30 June 2014 shall include figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges relating to the Group as if the Issuer was the sole shareholder of Textilia Group for the preceding 12 month period;
(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent in connection with the incurrence of Financial Indebtedness that requires that an Incurrence Test is met and at the Agent's request, within twenty (20) calendar days from such request;
(d) keep the latest version of the Terms and Conditions (including documents amending the Terms and Conditions) available on its website;
(e) promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of (i) an Equity Listing Event or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice; and
(f) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting Principles and, once the Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable), in addition make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market
33

Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time). 12.11 Agent Agreement 12.11.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement: (a) pay fees to the Agent; (b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities; (c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and (d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement. 12.11.2 The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders. 13. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT FOR DISBURSEMENT OF THE NET PROCEEDS
13.1 The Agent's approval of the disbursement from the Escrow Account of the Net Proceeds from the Bond Issue is subject to the following documents being received by the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to it (acting reasonably):
(a) copies of the duly executed Share Sale and Subscription Agreement and the Transfer Notes;
(b) evidence that the legal transfer of all of the shares in Textilia Group to the Issuer has been completed (consisting of a certified copy of Textilia Group's updated share register setting out the Issuer as its sole shareholder);
(c) evidence that there are no outstanding conditions subsequent under neither the Share Sale and Subscription Agreement nor the Transfer Notes regarding the transfer of all of the shares in Textilia Group except for the Cash Payment;
(d) a by the Issuer duly executed Funds Flow Statement in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent (acting reasonably);
(e) a duly executed release letter from the lender under the Refinancing Debt confirming that all Existing Security and Guarantees will be released upon repayment of the Refinancing Debt;
34

(f) a copy of the duly executed Issuer Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreement relating to any existing or future Intercompany Loans provided by the Issuer to any of the Subsidiaries together with (i) a copy of a duly signed notice to be provided by the Issuer to the relevant Subsidiary and (ii) a copy of a duly signed acknowledgement of receipt of the notice set out in (i); and
(g) a copy of the duly executed Textilia Group Share Pledge Agreement over all of the shares in Textilia Group together with (i) a certified copy of the share register of Textilia Group setting out the pledge over the shares and (ii) duly endorsed in blank original share certificate(s).
13.2 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement set out in 13.1 have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Agent (acting reasonably), the Agent shall instruct the Bank to transfer the funds credited to the Escrow Account as agreed between the Agent and the Issuer in accordance with the Funds Flow Statement. The Agent shall instruct the Bank to transfer any residual funds from the Escrow Account to the bank account specified by the Issuer, to be used for payment of Transaction Costs and for general corporate purposes in accordance with the Purpose of the Bond Issue.
13.3 When the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement shall have no further effect and the security created thereunder shall be released. The Agent shall execute and deliver any documents and take any other actions necessary to give effect to such termination of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and such release of security in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.
13.4 The Agent may assume that the documents presented under Clause 13.1 are correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such documents.
14. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT
The Issuer shall provide evidence to the Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, showing that the events listed below have occurred, such evidence to be provided (i) in relation to paragraphs (a) to (c) immediately after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made, (ii) in relation to paragraphs (d) to (h) not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days but not later than twenty five (25) Business Days after the
35

Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group and (iii) in relation to paragraph (i) not later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made:
(a) the Cash Payment has been made;
(b) the Refinancing Debt has been fully repaid;
(c) all Existing Security and Guarantees in relation to the Refinancing Debt have been released with no remaining obligations o f any o f the Group Companies;
(d) a copy of each of the duly executed Intercompany Loans Pledge Agreements relating to any existing or future Intercompany Loans provided by a relevant Subsidiary to any other Subsidiary together with (i) a copy of a duly signed notice to be provided by the creditor to the debtor under the relevant Intercompany Loan and (ii) a copy of a duly signed acknowledgement of receipt of the notice set out in (i);
(e) a copy of each of the duly executed Share Pledge Agreements over all of the shares in the Pledged Group Companies together with (i) a certified copy o f the share register o f each o f the Pledged Group Companies setting out the pledge over the shares and (ii) duly endorsed in blank original share certificate(s);
(f) a copy of each of the duly executed Limited Partnership Pledge Agreements together with (i) a copy of a duly signed notice to be provided by the relevant pledgor to each relevant Pledged Limited Partnership and (ii) a copy o f a duly signed acknowledgement o f receipt o f the notice set out in (i);
(g) a copy of the duly executed Business Mortgage Pledge Agreement together with a notice to the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) instructing it to update the Business Mortgage Register (Sw. Inteckningsbrevsregistret) setting out the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) as the holder o f the pledged Business Mortgage Certificates and delivery o f the Physical Certificate;
(h) a copy of the duly executed Pledge over Mortgage Certificate Agreement with a notice to the Swedish Land Registration Authority (Sw. Lantmateriet) instructing it to update the
36

Mortgage Certificate Register (Sw. Pantbrevsregistret) setting out the Security Agent (acting on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent and security agent representing the Holders) as the holder of the pledged Mortgage Certificate; and
(i) the outstanding amounts under the SEB Factoring Arrangement and the SEB Leases have been repaid and any security granted in connection with the SEB Factoring Arrangement or the SEB Leases have been duly released with no remaining obligations of any of the Group Companies.
15. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS
15.1 The Agent is entitled, on behalf of the Holders, to terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not falling later than twenty five (25) Business Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if:
(a) Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is due to technical or administrative error and is remedied within five (5) Business Days of the due date;
(b) Conditions subsequent: the Issuer has not provided the Agent with evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, showing that the actions described under Clause 14 (Conditions subsequent) have been taken or that the events described therein have occurred not later than (i) immediately after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made and/or (ii) twenty five (25) Business Days after the Issuer has acquired all of the shares in Textilia Group (as applicable) and/or (iii) thirty (30) calendar days after the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have been fulfilled and the payments from the Escrow Account have been made (as applicable);
(c) Other obligations: the Issuer and/or the relevant Subsidiaries do not comply with the Finance Documents in any other way than as set out under (a) or (b) above, unless the non-compliance (i) is capable of remedy and (ii) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance (if the failure or
37

violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);

(d) Cross-acceleration/-default: any Financial Indebtedness of any Group Company is not paid when due nor within as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (d) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness is less than SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;

(e) Insolvency:

(i) any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors (other than under the Bonds) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or

(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company;

(f) Insolvency proceedings: any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution,

administration

or

reorganisation

(Sw.

foretagsrekonstruktion) (by way of voluntary agreement,

scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material

Group Company;

(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other

38

similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets; or
(iii) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company;
(g) Mergers and demergers:
(i) a decision is made that any Material Group Company shall be merged or demerged into a company which is not a Group Company, unless the Agent has given its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in writing prior to the merger and/or demerger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(ii) the Issuer merges with any other Person, or is subject to a demerger, with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity;
(h) Creditors' process: any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within thirty (30) calendar days;
(i) Impossibility or illegality: it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for any Group Company to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or
(j) Continuation of the business: The Issuer or any other Material Group Company ceases to carry on its business (except if due to (i) a permitted merger or demerger as stipulated in (g) above or (ii) a permitted disposal as stipulated in Clause 12.5 (Disposals o f assets).
15.2 Termination for payment prematurely on the grounds mentioned in (c) and (d) of Clause 15.1 above or, regarding any of the Subsidiaries, on the grounds mentioned in (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) of Clause 15.1 above may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it would have a Material Adverse Effect and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the Agent's declaration. However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not prevent
39

termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned in paragraph (e) of Clause 15.1 above.
15.3 If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to be deemed to exist.
15.4 The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type specified in Clause 15.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in Clause 15.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 15.1 and provide the Agent with all documents that may be of significance for the application of this Clause 15.
15.5 The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 15.4 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable). If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to Clause 15.4.
15.6 If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 15.1, the Agent shall decide, within ten (10) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the provisions in Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the
40

15.7
15.8 15.9 15.10 16. 16.1

Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default and whether such event has a Material Adverse Effect.
If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders), the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such indemnity.
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 15, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 15 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond equal to 102.96 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or, if the Bonds are declared due and payable on or after the First Call Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount.
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable due to an Event of Default, all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent and the Security Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, the enforcement of the security provided pursuant to the Security Documents or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non

41

reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure; (b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date); (c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and (d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents. Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal. 16.2 If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15.1. 16.3 Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds and/or enforcement of any security provided pursuant to the Security Documents constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as reasonably practicable. 16.4 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 9.1 shall apply.
42

17. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS 17.1 A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating
to these Terms and Conditions shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 17.2 Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting. 17.3 The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 17.4 Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 8 (Right to act on behalfo f a Holder) from a Person who is, registered as a Holder: (a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in
respect of a Holders' Meeting, or (b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to
Clause 19.3, in respect of a Written Procedure, may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.
43

17.5 The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3:
(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 12 (Special undertakings);
(b) release the security provided under the Security Documents;
(c) reduce the principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking, or
(e) amend the provisions in this Clause 17.5.
17.6 Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than 50.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of the terms of the Finance Documents that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment permitted pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of Clause 20.1), a termination of the Bonds or the enforcement of any security created under the Security Documents.
17.7 If the number of votes or replies are equal, the opinion which is most beneficial for the Issuer, according to the chairman at a Holders' Meeting or the Agent in a Written Procedure, will prevail.
17.8 Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least one half (1/2) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
17.9 If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second
44

17.10 17.11 17.12
17.13
17.14 17.15

Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.8 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.

45

17.16
18. 18.1 18.2 18.3
18.4 18.5
18.6

Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons).
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 18.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting within ten (10) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.
At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and the Agent may attend along with each of

46

their representatives, counsels and assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders' Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.
18.7 Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote without attending the meeting in Person.
19. WRITTEN PROCEDURE
19.1 The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the communication is sent.
19.2 Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with Clause 19.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.
19.3 A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
19.4 If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within ten (10) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request
47

from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD. 19.5 When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17.5 and 17.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.5 or 17.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 20. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 20.1 The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Documents, provided that: (a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the
Holders, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; (b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; (c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or (d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders). 20.2 The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver. 20.3 The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
48

20.4 An amendment or waiver to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.

21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT OR SECURITY AGENT

21.1 Appointment of Agent

21.1.1

By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent/Security Agent to act as its agent and security agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent/Security Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent/Security Agent to act on its behalf.

21.1.2

Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent/Security Agent provide the Agent/Security Agent with any such documents, including a written power o f attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent/Security Agent), as the Agent/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent/Security Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.

21.1.3

The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent/Security Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent/Security Agent), that the Agent/Security Agent deems necessary for the purpose o f exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.

21.1.4

The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agent's/Security Agent's obligations as agent or security agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.

21.1.5

The Agent/Security Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.

49

21.2 Duties of the Agent/Security Agent

21.2.1

The Agent/Security Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents. However, the Agent/Security Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of the Finance Documents, subordination agreements relating to Shareholder Loans or other documents entered into by the Agent/Security Agent relating to these Terms and Conditions. The Agent/Security Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent/Security Agent.

21.2.2

The Agent/Security Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent/Security Agent in doing so.

21.2.3

When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent/Security Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent/Security Agent shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.

21.2.4

The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent/Security Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.

21.2.5

The Agent/Security Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

21.2.6

The Agent/Security Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent/Security Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.

21.2.7

The Agent/Security Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent/Security Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the

50

Agent/Security Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent/Security Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under the Finance Documents or (iii) when the Agent/Security Agent is to make a determination under the Finance Documents. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent/Security Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds).

21.2.8

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent/Security Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

21.2.9

If in the Agent's/Security Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent/Security Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent/Security Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

21.2.10

The Agent/Security Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent/Security Agent under the Finance Documents, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.9.

21.3 Limited liability for the Agent/Security Agent

21.3.1

The Agent/Security Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with the Finance Documents, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent/Security Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

21.3.2

The Agent/Security Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent/Security Agent or if the Agent/Security Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent/Security Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests

51

of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.

21.3.3

The Agent/Security Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent/Security Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent/Security Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent/Security Agent for that purpose.

21.3.4

The Agent/Security Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent/Security Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Holders).

21.3.5

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent/Security Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions.

21.4 Replacement of the Agent/Security Agent

21.4.1

Subject to Clause 21.4.6, the Agent/Security Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent/Security Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent/Security Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent/Security Agent.

21.4.2

Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Agent/Security Agent is insolvent, the Agent/Security Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent/Security Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent/Security Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

21.4.3

A Holder (or Holders) representing at least 10.00 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent/Security Agent and appointing a new Agent/Security Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written

52

Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent/Security Agent be dismissed and a new Agent/Security Agent appointed.

21.4.4

If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent/Security Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent/Security Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent/Security Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

21.4.5

The retiring Agent/Security Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent/Security Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent/Security Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent/Security Agent under the Finance Documents.

21.4.6

The Agent's/Security Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor and acceptance by such successor Agent/Security Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent/Security Agent.

21.4.7

Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent/Security Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent/Security Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent/Security Agent.

21.4.8

In the event that there is a change of the Agent/Security Agent in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent/Security Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent/Security Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent/Security Agent and releasing the retiring Agent/Security Agent from its further obligations under the Finance Documents. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent/Security Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent/Security Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent/Security Agent.

53

22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
22.1 The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
22.2 The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
23. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS
23.1 A Holder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer or a Subsidiary to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate, support or procure the windingup, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or a Subsidiary in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.
23.2 Clause 23.1 shall not apply if the Agent/Security Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent/Security Agent under the Finance Documents or by any reason described in Clause 21.2.9, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.10 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 23.1.
23.3 The provisions of Clause 23.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.
54

24. TIME-BAR
24.1 The right to receive repayment of the Nominal Amount shall be timebarred and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void.
24.2 If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
25. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
25.1 Notices
25.1.1 Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent/Security Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address notified by the Agent/Security Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent/Security Agent, to such email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent/Security Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent/Security Agent.
25.1.2 Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of
55

courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent/Security Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent/Security Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 25.1.1.

25.1.3 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.

25.2 Press releases

25.2.1

Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 11.3 (Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)), 11.4 (Voluntary partial repayment) 11.5 (Equity claw back), 12.10(e), 15.6, 17.16, 18.1, 19.1 and 20.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.

25.3 In addition to Clause 25.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way o f a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

26. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

26.1 Neither the Agent/Security Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out o f any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect o f strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent/Security Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

26.2 The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

56

26.3 Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent/Security Agent or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with the Finance Documents, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
26.4 The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
27. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 27.1 These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising
out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 27.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to Clause 27.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance. 27.3 The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit the right of the Agent/Security Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.
***
57

W e hereby certify that the above Term s and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place: `S\oC LAVARE HOLDING AB (PUBL)
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) as Agent
Name:

W e hereby certify that the above Term s and C onditions are binding upon ourselves.
Place:
LAVARE HOLDING AB (PUBL) as Issuer
Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place:
SWEDISH TRUSTEE AB (PUBL) as Agent

Name:

Erik Saers
Managing director Swedish Trustee AB (publ)

58

