TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CEMBRIT GROUP A/S
CEhIBRIT
Building Better Days
UP TO EUR 150,000,000 SENIOR SECURED CALLABLE BONDS
ISIN: SE0009722887
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to
inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
www.vinge.se

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1

Definitions and construction............................................................. 3

2

Status of the Bonds......................................................................... 13

3

Use of proceeds.............................................................................. 14

4

Conditions Precedent for Disbursement.......................................... 14

5

Bonds in book-entry form ............................................................... 15

6

Right to act on behalf of a Bondholder............................................ 16

7

Payments in respect of the Bonds................................................... 16

8

Interest.......................................................................................... 17

9

Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds...................................... 17

10

Transaction Security....................................................................... 20

11

Information to Bondholders............................................................ 21

12

General Undertakings..................................................................... 23

13

Financial Covenants........................................................................ 25

14

Events of Default............................................................................ 26

15

Acceleration of the Bonds............................................................... 28

16

Distribution of Proceeds................................................................. 29

17

Decisions by Bondholders............................................................... 30

18

Bondholders' Meeting..................................................................... 33

19

Written Procedure.......................................................................... 33

20

Amendments and Waivers.............................................................. 34

21

Appointment and Replacement of the Trustee................................ 34

22

Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent...................... 38

23

Appointment and Replacement of the CSD...................................... 39

24

No Direct Actions by Bondholders................................................... 39

25

Prescription.................................................................................... 39

26

Notices and Press releases............................................................. 40

27

Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability........................................ 41

28

Governing Law and Jurisdiction...................................................... 41

2

1

Definitions and construction

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Bondholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Advance Purchase Agreements" means (a) an advance or deferred purchase agreement if the agreement is in respect o f the supply o f assets or services and payment in the normal course of business with credit periods which are normal for the relevant type of project contracts, or (b) any other trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of business.

"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies o f such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Bondholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.

"Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Bondholders held in accordance with Clause 18 (Bondholders'Meeting).

"Bond" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Bonds and any Subsequent Bonds.

"Business Day" means a day in Denmark and Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.

"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.

3

"Call Option Amount" means: (i) 102.75 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but
unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 24 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date; (ii) 102.06 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 30 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date; (iii) 101.38 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 36 months after the First Issue Date to, but not including, the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date; (iv) 100.69 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest, if the Call Option is exercised on or after the date falling 42 months after the First Issue Date to, and including, the Final Redemption Date.
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one or more Persons, not being the Majority Shareholder (or an Affiliate thereof), acting in concert, acquire control, directly or indirectly, over more than fifty (50) per cent of the voting shares of the Issuer, or the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Form o f Compliance Certificate), signed by the Issuer certifying satisfaction of the Incurrence Test (if relevant) and that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the events and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with an Incurrence Test, the certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Incurrence Test.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112 8074, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Bonds from time to time.
"EBITDA" means, in respect of the Reference Period, the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according to the latest Financial Report(s): (a) before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable by
any member of the Group; (b) before deducting any Net Finance Charges; (c) before taking into account any extraordinary items which are not in line with the
ordinary course of business, and non-recurring items, provided that such items are not in excess of an amount equal to 10.00 per cent of EBITDA in the Reference Period; (d) before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transactions costs relating to any acquisitions of any additional target company;
4

(e) not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Group; (f) before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative
instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a hedge account basis); (g) after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or downward revaluation of any asset; (h) after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any member of the Group which is attributable to minority interests; (i) plus or minus the Group's share of the profits or losses of entities which are not part of the Group; and (j) after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or depletion of assets of members of the Group.
"Equity Listing Event" means an initial public offering of shares in the Issuer, after which such shares shall be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to trading on a regulated market or unregulated market.
"Euro" and "EUR" means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
"EURIBOR" means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen
EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Euro and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or (b) if no screen rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places), as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by banks reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits o f EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or (c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment o f the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Existing Debt" means the existing external debt of approximately DKK 711,000,000 provided by the Existing Lenders, to be fully repaid with the Net Proceeds.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 14 (Events o f Default).
"Existing Lenders" means Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Kapitalforeningen Danske Invest Institutional, Afdeling Danica Pension - Defensiv.
"Final Redemption Date" means 20 March 2021 (four (4) years after the First Issue Date).
5

"Finance Charges" means for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or capitalised by any member of the Group according to the latest Financial Report(s) (calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, capitalised interest in respect of any Shareholder Loan, interest on any loan owing to any member of the Group and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), the Trustee Agreement, the Security Documents and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Trustee.
"Finance Lease" means any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would have been treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability).
"Financial Indebtedness" means: (a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans; (b) any Finance Lease; (c) receivables sold or discounted (other than receivables sold on a non-recourse
basis); (d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; (e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or
benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead); (f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and (g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in repsect of a type referred to in the above items (a) - (f).
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om kontoforing avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Report" means the Group's annual audited consolidated financial statements, half-year and quarterly interim unaudited reports of the Group, which shall be prepared and made available according to paragraph (a) and (b) of Clause 11.1.1.
"First Call Date" means the date falling 24 months after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 20 March 2017.
"Floating Rate Margin" means 5.50 per cent per annum.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.
6

"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Incurrence Test" has the meaning given to such term in Clause 13.1 (Incurrence Test) and 13.2 (Testing o fIncurrence Test).
"Initial Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Initial Bonds" means the Bonds issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (Da. konkursloven) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under Section 1a of the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (Da. konkursloven) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement, which may be entered into (if requested by the Issuer) between the Issuer, the Working Capital Facility Provider, the Trustee and any creditors under the Shareholder Loans, providing for (i) complete subordination of the Shareholder Loans, and (ii) super senior ranking of the Working Capital Facility in relation to the senior ranking Bonds. The super senior ranking will follow market practice for super senior working capital facilities, including sharing of the same security package as the Bonds but with waterfall priority to any enforcement proceeds. The Bondholders will upon enforcement actions being taken have the first right to instruct the Trustee to take enforcement actions. In case of absence of enforcement actions for more than three (3) months the instruction right will shift to the Working Capital Facility Provider for a period of three (3) months.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 8.1 to 8.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 20 March, 20 June, 20 September and 20 December each year (with the first Interest Payment Date being 20 June 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the applicable Final Redemption Date), or to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means the 3 month EURIBOR plus the Floating Rate Margin, payable quarterly in arrears.
7

"Issue Date" means the First Issue Date and any subsequent date when issuance of Subsequent Bonds takes place.
"Issuer" means Cembrit Group A/S, a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with Business Registration No. CVR 3647 7199.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Joint Bookrunners" means Pareto Securities AB and Nordea Bank AB (publ).
"Listing Failure" means a situation where the Bonds have not been listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market) within twelve (12) months after the First Issue Date, or in the case of a successful admission, that a period of sixty (60) days has elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (or another Regulated Market).
"Majority Shareholder" means each of (i) Solix Group AB in its capacity as general partner of relevant funds or investment vehicles; (ii) any other funds launched as a Solix Group AB investment vehicle from time to time; and (iii) any co-investors (such co investors investing alongside Solix Group AB being subject to customary drag along provisions).
"Make Whole Amount" means, from the First Issue Date to, but not including, the First Call Date, a price equivalent to the sum of: (a) the present value on the relevant record date of 102.75 per cent of the
Outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and (b) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining coupon payments (assuming that the interest rate for the period from the relevant redemption date to the First Call Date will be equal to the interpolated EUR mid-swap rate for the remaining term from the redemption date until the First Call Date plus the applicable Floating Rate Margin), less any accrued but unpaid interest, through and including the First Call Date,
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable German government bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Trustee, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term notes programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Group's ability to perform and comply with the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
8

"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and any other Group Company with earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis as EBITDA representing 5.00 per cent or more of EBITDA, or has total assets representing 5.00 per cent or more of the total assets of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Reference Period to any member of the Group and any interest income relating to cash or cash equivalent investment.
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents of the Group in accordance with the applicable Accounting Principles of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding guarantees, counter indemnities in respect of bank guarantees, Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company).
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from an issue of Bonds after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Joint Bookrunners (if the Joint Bookrunners have requested that their respective fees and costs shall be deducted) and the Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Outstanding Nominal Amount" means the Nominal Amount less any repayments made.
"Permitted Debt" means any Financial Indebtedness: (a) incurred under the Bonds (except for any Subsequent Bonds); (b) of the Group incurred pursuant to any Finance Leases incurred in the ordinary
course of the Group's business in a maximum amount of DKK 3,000,000; (c) arising under a foreign exchange transaction or a commodity transaction for spot or
forward delivery entered into in connection with protection against fluctuation in currency rates or prices where the exposure arises in the ordinary course of business or in respect of payments to be made under the Terms and Conditions and/or the Working Capital Facility, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes; (d) arising under any interest rate hedging transaction in respect of payments to be made under the Terms and Conditions and/or the Working Capital Facility, but not any transaction for investment or speculative purposes; (e) incurred under Advance Purchase Agreements; (f) incurred under any Shareholder Loans; (g) incurred by the Issuer if such Financial Indebtedness (i) is incurred as a result of an issue of Subsequent Bonds and meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis, or (ii) ranks pari passu or is subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Finance Documents, and (A) meets the Incurrence Test on a pro forma basis (B) has a final maturity date or a final redemption date; and (C) when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates, in each case (B) and (C) which occur after the Final Redemption Date;
9

(h) incurred by any member of the Group under the Working Capital Facility; (i) taken up from a Group Company; (j) incurred in connection with the redemption of the Bonds in order to fully refinance
the Bonds and provided further that such Financial Indebtedness is subject to an escrow arrangement up until the redemption of the Bonds (taking into account the rules and regulations of the CSD), for the purpose of securing, inter alia, the redemption of the Bonds; (k) any pension debt; (l) until repaid in full, the Existing Debt; and (m) any other Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer not in aggregate exceeding EUR 1,000,000.
"Permitted Security" means any security: (a) provided under the Finance Documents; (b) arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business (including
collateral or retention of title arrangements in connection with Advance Purchase Agreements but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including guarantees or security in respect of any monies borrowed or raised); (c) provided in relation to any lease agreement entered into by a Group Company; (d) arising under any netting or set off arrangements under financial derivatives transactions or bank account arrangements, including group cash pool arrangements; and (e) provided pursuant to items (b), (c), (d), (h), (k) and (m) of the definition of Permitted Debt.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Bondholders is to be made under Clause 16 (Distribution o f proceeds), (iv) the date of a Bondholders' Meeting, or (v) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date as generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 9 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Reference Period" means each period of 12 consecutive calendar months.
"Regulated M arket" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Secured Parties under the Finance Documents, the Working Capital Finance Documents (if the Working Capital Facility Provider has entered into the Intercreditor Agreement) and the Trustee Agreement.
10

"Secured Parties" means the Bondholders, the Working Capital Facility Provider (if the Working Capital Facility Provider has entered into the Intercreditor Agreement) and the Trustee (in its capacity as Trustee under these Terms and Conditions and under the Trustee Agreement).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Security Documents" means the security documents securing all amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents, including but not limited to the Bonds, plus accrued interest and expenses, pursuant to which the Transaction Security is created.
"Shareholder Loans" means any loan to the Issuer as the debtor, if such shareholder loan (a) according to its terms, are subordinated to the obligations of the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) or other subordination agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Trustee, (b) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (c) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest (unless a Restricted Payment is permitted under the Finance Documents).
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Danish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (Da. datterselskab) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Danish Companies Act (Act no. 1089 of 14 September 2015 as amended from time to time) (Da. selskabsloven).
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) an issue of Bonds, (ii) the Working Capital Facility, and (iii) the listing of the Bonds.
"Transaction Security" means (i) the share pledge agreement in respect of all shares in Cembrit Holding A/S (a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Denmark with Business Registration No. CVR 1833 6774), being a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Issuer; and (ii) the pledge agreement regarding the downstream loan from the Issuer to Cembrit Holding A/S in the aggregate outstanding amount of no less than the EUR equivalent of DKK 25,000,000 at any time, of which excess amounts may be amortized.
11

"Trustee" means the Bondholders' agent and security agent under these Terms and Conditions and, if relevant, the Finance Documents, from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden, or another party replacing it as agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Trustee Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Trustee, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent, regarding, inter alia, the remuneration payable to the Trustee.

"Working Capital Facility Provider" means any bank or other financing provider, from time to time, under any Working Capital Facility.

"Working Capital Facility" means a working capital facility in the maximum amount of the equivalent of DKK 75,000,000 provided to a Group Company by a Working Capital Facility Provider for general corporate purposes of the Group.

"Working Capital Facility Agreement" means any agreement entered into between a Group Company and a Working Capital Facility Provider pursuant to which a Working Capital Facility is provided by such Working Capital Facility Provider.

"Working Capital Finance Documents" means the Working Capital Facility Agreement and any other document entered into in relation thereto.

"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 19 (Written Procedure).

1.2

Construction

1.2.1

Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:

(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;

(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self regulatory or other authority or organisation;

(d) an Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;

(e) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and

(f) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.

1.2.2 A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

12

1.2.3 2 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4
2.5
2.6 2.7

No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
Status of the Bonds
The Bonds are denominated in Euro and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
The initial nominal amount of each Initial Bond is EUR 100,000 (the "Initial Nominal Amount"). The maximum total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is EUR 115,000,000. All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Initial Nominal Amount.
Provided that (i) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and (ii) the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test, the Issuer may, at one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Bonds. Subsequent Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Bonds shall apply to Subsequent Bonds. The price of the Subsequent Bonds may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum total nominal amount o f the Bonds (the Initial Bonds and all Subsequent Bonds) may not exceed EUR 150,000,000 unless consent from the Bondholders is obtained in accordance with Clause 17.5(a). Each Subsequent Bonds shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 8.1, and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Bonds.
The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank (i) junior to the Working Capital Facility pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) and for the avoidance of doubt, the Working Capital Facility Provider will have waterfall priority to any proceeds from the enforcement of the Transaction Security pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), and (ii) at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
The Bonds are freely transferable but the Bondholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Bonds, as applicable, under local laws to which a Bondholder may be subject. Each Bondholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Bondholder must inform itself about,

13

and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds.

3

Use of proceeds

The Issuer shall use the Net Proceeds from the issue of the Initial Bonds, to refinance Existing Debt and finance general corporate purposes of the Group. The Net Proceeds from any issue of Subsequent Bonds shall be used to finance general corporate purposes of the Group, including investments and acquisitions.

4

Conditions Precedent for Disbursement

4.1

The Trustee's approval of the disbursement of the Net Proceeds from the issuance of

the Initial Bonds to the Existing Lenders and the Issuer is subject to the following

documents being received by the Trustee:

(a) constitutional documents and a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer and each other party to a Finance Document, approving the issue of the Initial Bonds, the terms of the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement, and resolving to enter into such documents and any other documents necessary in connection therewith;

(b) evidence that the Finance Documents have been duly executed;

(c) evidence that the Security Documents have been duly executed and that the documents and other evidences to be delivered pursuant to the Security Documents in order to perfect the security will be delivered as soon as practicably possible, as set out in the Delivery Undertaking, following the repayment of the Existing Debt;

(d) a legal opinion on the capacity, due execution, validity and enforceability of the Finance Documents issued by a reputable law firm;

(e) an irrevocable payment instruction from the Issuer to the Issuing Agent pursuant to which the Issuing Agent is instructed to transfer an amount equal to the EUR equivalent of approximately DKK 711,000,000 to the Existing Lenders;

(f) a delivery undertaking from the Existing Lenders, whereby the Existing Lenders undertake to immediately release and deliver to the Trustee any documents relating to the security securing the Existing Debt (to the extent such security is Transaction Security) and to take such further actions as may be reasonably necessary in order to give effect to such release upon receipt of the amount set out in paragraph (e) above (the "Delivery Undertaking"); and

(g) such other documents and information as is specified in the Security Documents or otherwise agreed between the Trustee and the Issuer.

4.2

The Issuer shall provide to the Trustee, prior to the issuance of any Subsequent Bonds

the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee:

(a) a copy of a resolution from the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Subsequent Bonds and resolving to enter into documents necessary in connection therewith;

14

(b) a certificate from the Issuer confirming that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the issue of the Subsequent Bonds and that the Issuer meets the Incurrence Test; and
(c) such other documents and information as is agreed between the Trustee and the Issuer.

4.3

The Trustee may assume that the documentation and evidence delivered to it pursuant

to Clause 4.1 or 4.2, as the case may be, (together, the "Conditions Precedent for

Disbursement") is accurate, legally valid, enforceable, correct, true and complete

unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, and the Trustee does not have to verify

or assess the contents of the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement. The Conditions

Precedent for Disbursement are not reviewed by the Trustee from a legal or commercial

perspective of the Bondholders.

4.4

The Trustee shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the Conditions Precedent for

Disbursement have been satisfied.

4.5

If the Conditions Precedent for Disbursement have not been fulfilled within sixty (60)

Business Days from the Issue Date, the issuer shall redeem the Bonds at a price equal to

100 per cent of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest.

5

Bonds in book-entry form

5.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Bondholders on their respective Securities

Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be

registered in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration

requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

5.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children

and Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register

their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments

Accounts Act.

5.3

The Issuer (and the Trustee when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations)

shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the

CSD in respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall promptly

obtain such information and provide it to the Trustee.

5.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Bondholders' Meeting or any Written

Procedure, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt

register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds.

5.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Trustee, as notified by the Trustee, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Trustee or

unless consent thereto is given by the Bondholders.

15

6

Right to act on behalf of a Bondholder

6.1

If any person other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the

Bondholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of

authorisation starting with the Bondholder and authorising such person.

6.2

A Bondholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties or provide

proof of authorisation to represent it in relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it.

Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in

relation to the Bonds for which such representative is entitled to represent the

Bondholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Bondholder by way of a

further power of attorney.

6.3

The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 6.2 and may assume that it

has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

7

Payments in respect of the Bonds

7.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect

of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such person who is registered as a

Bondholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due

date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being

entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

7.2

If a Bondholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest

shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD

on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD

to the Bondholder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should

the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to

effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the

persons who are registered as Bondholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as

possible after such obstacle has been removed.

7.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment,

such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 8.4 during such postponement.

7.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 7, the Issuer and the

CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether

such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

7.5

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by

virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar.

16

8 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4
9 9.1
9.2
9.3 9.3.1 9.3.2

Interest
Each Initial Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate during an Interest Period. Any Subsequent Bonds will carry Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.
Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders quarterly in arrears on the Interest Payment Dates each year.
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2) percentage units higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
Redemption and Repurchaseof the Bonds
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond. If the Final Redemption Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.
Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer or any Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Bonds on the market or in any other way at prices aligned with current market prices of the Bonds (traded or quoted). The Bonds held by the Issuer or any Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on any Business Day before the Final Redemption Date. The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Make Whole Amount or the Call Option Amount (as applicable) together with accrued but unpaid interest.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.3.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days, including the Redemption Date. The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive amounts due on such Redemption Date. A notice

17

9.4 9.4.1 9.4.2
9.5 9.5.1
9.5.2
9.6 9.6.1 9.6.2

of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.3.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds at an amount per Bond equal to the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest on a date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer shall give notice of any redemption pursuant to Clause 9.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive amounts due on such Redemption Date. A notice of redemption in accordance with Clause 9.4.1 is irrevocable and, on the Redemption Date specified in such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Voluntary partial redemption
The Issuer may on one occasion each calendar year, make partial repayments of Bonds in an amount corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the aggregate Nominal Amount as of the First Issue Date. Any such partial repayment shall reduce the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The prepayment price for each Bond shall be a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (i) o f the Call Option Amount definition together with accrued but unpaid interest.
Partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.5.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice to the Bondholders and the Trustee. Any such notice is irrevocable and, upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in part on the immediately following Interest Payment Date at the applicable amount. The applicable amount shall be an even amount in Euro and paid to the person who is registered as a Bondholder on the Record Date prior to the relevant Redemption Date.
Voluntary partial redemption upon an Equity Listing Event ("Equity Claw Back")
The Issuer may at one occasion, in connection with an Equity Listing Event, repay up to 30.00 per cent. of the total Outstanding Nominal Amount, in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata.
The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result o f such Equity Listing Event (net o f

18

9.6.3 9.7 9.7.1 9.7.2 9.7.3
9.7.4
9.7.5

fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such Equity Listing Event and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such Equity Listing Event).
The repayment per Bond shall equal the repaid percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount (rounded down to the nearest EUR 1,000) plus (i) a premium on the repaid amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (i) of the Call Option Amount definition and (ii) accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure occurring, each Bondholder shall have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Bonds be repurchased at a price per Bond equal to 101 per cent of the Outstanding Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest (the "Put Option"), during a period of sixty (60) days following a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or the Listing Failure pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) (the "Exercise Period").
The settlement date of the Put Option shall occur within 20 Business Days after the ending of the Exercise Period.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 9.7.1.
If Bondholders representing more than 90 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount have requested that Bonds held by them are repurchased pursuant to this Clause 9.7, the Issuer shall send a notice to the remaining Bondholders giving them a further opportunity to request that Bonds held by them be repurchased on the same terms during a period of thirty (30) Business Days following such notice. Such notice shall specify the Redemption Date, Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Bondholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date and also include instructions about the actions that a Bondholder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Bondholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.7.4. The repurchase date must fall no later than sixty (60) Business Days after the end of the period of thirty (30) Business Days referred to in this Clause 9.7.4.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the

19

9.7.6 9.7.7 10 10.1.1
10.1.2

provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 9.7, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 9.7 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 9.7 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold, but not cancelled.
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Bonds pursuant to this Clause 9.7, if a third party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure offers to purchase the Bonds in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 9.7 (or on terms more favourable to the Bondholders) and purchases all Bonds validly tendered in accordance with such offer. If the Bonds tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this Clause 9.7, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Bonds within five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the time limit.
Transaction Security
Granting of the Transaction Security
(a) As continuing Security for the due and punctual fulfilment of the Secured Obligations, the Issuer grants on the First Issue Date the Transaction Security to the Secured Parties as represented by the Trustee on the terms set out in the Security Documents.
(b) The Trustee shall hold the Transaction Security on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement (if any). The Issuer shall enter into the Security Documents and perfect the Transaction Security in accordance with the Security Documents on or before the First Issue Date.
(c) Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), unless and until the Trustee has received instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders), the Trustee shall (without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose o f maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Bondholders or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders', the Working Capital Facility Provider's or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in accordance with the terms o f the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders as a group.
(d) The Trustee shall be entitled to give instructions relating to the Transaction Security in accordance with the terms o f the Intercreditor Agreement (if any).
Release of Security

20

10.1.3
11 11.1 11.1.1

(a) The Trustee may, in its capacity as security agent, at any time acting on instructions of the Working Capital Facility Provider (if the Working Capital Facility Provider has entered into the Intercreditor Agreement (if any)) and itself, in its capacity as Trustee on behalf of the Bondholders, release Transaction Security in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement (if any).
(b) The Transaction Security will be released in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement (if any).
Enforcement of Security
(a) The Trustee may only take any action to accelerate or enforce any Transaction Security in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any). The Intercreditor (if any) will contain a stand-still provision (binding upon the Bondholders) relating to the enforcement of the Transaction Security.
(b) Upon enforcement of the Transaction Security, the proceeds shall be distributed in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) or with Clause 16 (Distribution o fProceeds).
(c) All security or any other arrangement having similar effects may be released by the Trustee in its capacity as security agent, without the need for any further referral to or authority from anyone, upon any enforcement provided that the proceeds are distributed in accordance with the provisions set out in the Intercreditor Agreement (if any).
Information to Bondholders
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer shall:
(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than 4 months after the expiry of each financial year;
(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than 2 months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;
(c) make available any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading, on its website; and
(d) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Trustee in connection with the incurrence of debt as set out in section (g) of the definition of Permitted Debt and the

21

11.1.2
11.2 11.2.1 11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2

distribution of a Restricted Payment and attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Bonds are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Trustee (and in respect of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure, also the Bondholders) (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, a Change of Control Event, a Listing Failure or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Trustee with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Trustee not receive such information, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Trustee does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
Information from the Trustee
The Trustee is entitled to disclose to the Bondholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Bondholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
Publication of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Bondholders at the office of the Trustee during normal business hours.

22

12 12.1 12.1.1
12.1.2
12.2
12.3 12.4

General Undertakings
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, (i) pay any dividend on its shares (other than to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer), (ii) repurchase any of its own shares (other than in connection with any management incentive programme in the Issuer), (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) grant any loans (other than to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer), (v) repay any Shareholder Loans or pay capitalized or accrued interest thereunder, or (vi) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer (other than to the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer) ((i)-(vi) each being a "Restricted Payment").
Notwithstanding the above, following an Equity Listing Event and following a full Equity Claw Back, a Restricted Payment may be made by the Issuer, if at the time of the payment:
(i) the Incurrence Test is fulfilled (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment); and
(ii) if, at the time o fthe payment, the aggregate amount o f all Restricted Payments o f the Group in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question) does not exceed 50 per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous fiscal year.
Admission to trading
The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure (i) that the Initial Bonds are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm or, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market, within twelve (12) months of the First Issue Date; (ii) any Subsequent Bonds are listed on the relevant Regulated Market within sixty (60) days after the issuance of such Subsequent Bonds and with an intention to complete such listing within thirty (30) days after the issuance o f such Subsequent Bonds, and (iii) that the Bonds, if admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, continue being listed thereon for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations o f the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds).
Nature of business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group if such substantial change would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Financial Indebtedness
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none o f its Subsidiaries will, incur, prolong, renew or extend any Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and its

23

Subsidiaries have a right to incur, prolong, renew or extend Financial Indebtedness that constitutes Permitted Debt.
12.5 Disposals
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, sell or otherwise dispose of any shares in any Group Company or of any substantial assets (including but not limited to material intellectual property rights) or operations to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Group Companies, unless the transaction is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect.
12.6 Clean Down Period
The Issuer shall procure that during each calendar year there shall be a period of three (3) consecutive days during which the amount outstanding under the Working Capital Facility, less cash and cash equivalents of the Group, amounts to zero (0) or less. Not less than six (6) months shall elapse between two such periods.
12.7 Negative pledge
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) to secure Financial Indebtedness, provided however that the Issuer and the Group have a right to provide, retain, prolong or renew, any Permitted Security.
12.8 Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, conduct all dealings with their direct and indirect shareholders (excluding the Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders on arm's length terms.
12.9 Loans out
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, extend any loans in any form to any other party than (i) to other Group Companies, or (ii) in the ordinary course of business.
12.10 Operational leases
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, incur any operational leasing debt, provided however that the Issuer and its Subsidiaries have a right to incur, prolong, renew or extend operational leasing debt existing on the First Issue Date plus a maximum of DKK 75,000,000 of additional operational leasing debt.
12.11 Undertakings relating to the Trustee Agreement
12.11.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Trustee Agreement: (a) pay fees to the Trustee;
24

(b) indemnify the Trustee for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Trustee all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Trustee; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Trustee a legal or contractual right to terminate the Trustee Agreement.

12.11.2

The Issuer and the Trustee shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Trustee Agreement without the prior consent of the Bondholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.

13

Financial Covenants

13.1 Incurrence Test

In these Terms and Conditions, the Incurrence Test is met if:

(a) the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA is not greater than:

(i) 4.00 from the First Issue Date until 31 December 2017; (ii) 3.75 from 1 January 2018 until 31 December 2018; (iii) 3.50 from 1 January 2019 until 31 December 2019; (iv) 3.25 from 1 January 2020 until the Final Redemption Date; and

(b) no Event of Default is continuing or would occur upon the incurrence or distribution (as applicable).

13.2 Testing of Incurrence Test

The calculation of the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two (2) months prior to the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness or the making of a Restricted Payment (the "Testing Date"). The Net Interest Bearing Debt shall be measured on the relevant Testing Date so determined, but include the new Financial Indebtedness provided it is an interest bearing obligation (however, any cash balance resulting from the incurrence of the new Financial Indebtedness shall not reduce the Net Interest Bearing Debt). EBITDA shall be calculated as set out in Clause 13.3 below.

25

13.3 13.3.1
13.3.2
14 14.1 14.2

Adjustments
The figures for EBITDA, Finance Charges and Net Finance Charges for the Reference Period ending on the last day of the period covered by the most recent Financial Report shall be used for the Incurrence Test, but adjusted so that:
(a) entities acquired or disposed of by the Group during the Reference Period, or after the end of the Reference Period but before the relevant Testing Date, shall be included or excluded (as applicable), pro forma, for the entire Reference Period; and
(b) any entity to be acquired with the proceeds from new Financial Indebtedness shall be included, pro forma, for the entire Reference Period.
The figures for Net Interest Bearing Debt set out in the financial statements as of the most recent quarter date (including when necessary, financial statements published before the First Issue Date), shall be used, but adjusted so that Net Interest Bearing Debt for such period shall be:
(a) reduced to reflect any Net Interest Bearing Debt attributable to a disposed entity or which has been repaid, repurchased or otherwise discharged as a result of or in connection with a disposal of an entity (to the extent such Net Interest Bearing Debt is included in the relevant financial statements);
(b) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Bearing Debt directly attributable to (i) any Financial Indebtedness owed by acquired entities, and (ii) any Financial Indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition of entities, in each case calculated as if all such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant test period; and
(c) increased on a pro forma basis by an amount equal to the Net Interest Bearing Debt directly attributable to any Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Subsequent Bonds, calculated as if such debt had been incurred at the beginning of the relevant Reference Period.
Events of Default
Each of the events or circumstances set out in Clauses 14.1 to 14.8 is an Event of Default.
Non-payment
The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of the due date.
Other obligations
A party (other than the Trustee and the Working Capital Facility Provider) does not comply with its obligations under the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out under Clause 14.1 above, provided that the Issuer has not remedied the failure

26

within fifteen (15) Business Days from the earlier of (i) the Issuer became aware of the non-compliance or (ii) the date on which the Trustee gave notice of the non-compliance (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Trustee may declare the Bonds due and payable without such prior written request).

14.3

Cross-acceleration

Any Financial Indebtedness of a Material Group Company is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 14.3 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than EUR 1,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company.

14.4

Insolvency

(a) Any Material Group Company is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors generally (except for holders of Bonds) with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or

(b) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of any Material Group Company.

14.5

Insolvency proceedings

Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within 60 days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised, (ii) proceedings or petitions concerning a claim which is less than EUR 1,000,000, and (ii), in relation to Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:

(i) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Material Group Company; and

(ii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of any Material Group Company.

14.6

Mergers and demergers

A decision is made that any Group Company shall be demerged or merged if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a merger subject to existing security between Subsidiaries only or between the Issuer and a Subsidiary, where the Issuer is the surviving entity, shall not be an Event of Default and

27

a merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged.

14.7

Creditor's process

Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Material Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding EUR 1,000,000 and is not discharged within 60 days.

14.8

Continuation of the business

The Issuer or any other Group Company ceases to carry on its business if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

15

Acceleration of the Bonds

15.1

Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), upon the occurrence of an

Event of Default, and for as long as such event is continuing, the Trustee is entitled to,

and shall following a demand in writing from a Bondholder (or Bondholders)

representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand

may only be validly made by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day

immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Trustee and

shall, if made by several Bondholders, be made by them jointly) or following an

instruction given pursuant to Clause 15.4, on behalf of the Bondholders (i) by notice to

the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds due and payable

together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or

at such later date as the Trustee determines, and (ii) exercise any or all its rights,

remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents.

15.2

The Trustee may not accelerate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15.1 by reference

to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Bondholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

15.3

The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders of an Event of Default within five (5)

Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an

Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Trustee shall, within twenty (20)

Business Days of the date on which the Trustee received actual knowledge of that an

Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Bonds shall be so

accelerated. If the Trustee decides not to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall

promptly seek instructions from the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17

(Decisions by Bondholders). The Trustee shall always be entitled to take the time

necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.

15.4

If the Bondholders instruct the Trustee to accelerate the Bonds, the Trustee shall,

provided that the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) have been complied

with, promptly declare the Bonds due and payable and take such actions as may, in the

opinion of the Trustee, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the

28

Bondholders under the Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

15.5

If the right to accelerate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitrational tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for

cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist.

15.6

In the event of an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with this Clause 15, the

Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond together with a premium on the

due and payable amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period

and, shall for the non-call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in

paragraph (i) of the Call Option Amount definition together with accrued but unpaid

interest.

16

Distribution of Proceeds

16.1

Subject to the clause regulating Application of Proceeds under the Intercreditor

Agreement (if any), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds and the Finance

Documents following an acceleration of the Bonds in accordance with Clause 15

(Acceleration o f the Bonds) and any proceeds received from an enforcement of the

Transaction Security shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in

accordance with the instructions of the Trustee:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Trustee in accordance with the Finance Documents (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Bondholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds, the enforcement of the Transaction Security or the protection of the Bondholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Trustee, (iii) any costs incurred by the Trustee for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 21.2.7, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Trustee in relation to a Bondholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 17.13;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents, and

any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

16.2

If a Bondholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities

referred to in Clause 16.1(a), such Bondholder or other party shall be entitled to

29

reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 16.1(a).

16.3

Funds that the Trustee receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the

acceleration of the Bonds or the enforcement of the Transaction Security constitute

escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing

account on behalf of the Bondholders and the other interested parties. The Trustee shall

arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 16 as soon as

reasonably practicable.

16.4

If the Issuer or the Trustee shall make any payment under this Clause 16, the Issuer or

the Trustee, as applicable, shall notify the Bondholders of any such payment at least ten

(10) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record

Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for

any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 7.1 shall apply and for

any partial redemption in accordance with Clause 9.5 (Voluntary partial redemption)

due but not made, the Record Date specified in Clause 9.5.2 shall apply.

17

Decisions by Bondholders

17.1

A request by the Trustee for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Trustee) be dealt with at a Bondholders'

Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

17.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten

(10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made

by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day

on which the request is received by the Trustee and shall, if made by several

Bondholders, be made by them jointly) for a decision by the Bondholders on a matter

relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Trustee and dealt with at a

Bondholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Trustee.

The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it

is in the Trustee's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Bondholders'

Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Bondholders'

Meeting.

17.3

The Trustee may refrain from convening a Bondholders' Meeting or instigating a

Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in

addition to the Bondholders and such person has informed the Trustee that an approval

will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable

laws.

17.4

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to

Clause 6 (Right to act on behalf of a Bondholder) from a person who is, registered as a

Bondholder:

(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 18.3, in respect of a Bondholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 19.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

30

may exercise voting rights as a Bondholder at such Bondholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

17.5

The following matters shall require the consent of Bondholders representing at least two

thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Bondholders are voting at a

Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3:

(a) the issue of any Subsequent Bonds, if the Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds exceeds, or if such issue would cause the Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds to at any time exceed, EUR 150,000,000 (for the avoidance of doubt, for which consent shall be required at each occasion such Subsequent Bonds are issued);

(b) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.5 to 2.7;

(c) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Bond pursuant to Clause 9 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds);

(d) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount (other than as a result of an application of Clause 9.5 (Voluntary partial redemption));

(e) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds);

(f) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Bondholders' consent set out in this Clause 17;

(g) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Bonds or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Bonds;

(h) a release of the Transaction Security, except in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents or the Intercreditor Agreement (if any);

(i) a mandatory exchange of the Bonds for other securities; and

(j) early redemption of the Bonds, other than upon an acceleration of the Bonds pursuant to Clause 15 (Acceleration o f the Bonds) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

17.6

Any matter not covered by Clause 17.5 shall require the consent of Bondholders

representing more than 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which

Bondholders are voting at a Bondholders' Meeting or for which Bondholders reply in a

Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 19.3.

This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any

Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment

permitted pursuant to Clause 20.1(a) or (c)), an acceleration of the Bonds, or the

enforcement of any Transaction Security.

17.7

Quorum at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a

Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted

Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 17.5, and otherwise twenty (20)

per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:

(a) if at a Bondholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or

31

17.8
17.9 17.10 17.11 17.12 17.13 17.14
17.15

(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Bondholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Trustee or the Issuer shall convene a second Bondholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 18.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 19.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Bondholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 17.7 shall not apply to such second Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Trustee, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Trustee, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Trustee's consent, as applicable.
A Bondholder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Bondholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Bondholders that consent at the relevant Bondholders' Meeeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Bondholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Bondholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Bondholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Bondholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Bondholders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee for the purpose of convening a Bondholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Trustee, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Bondholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Trustee provide the Trustee with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. Bonds held by any Group Company or any of their Affiliates shall not be considered when calculating whether the necessary majority or quorum has been achieved and shall not carry any voting right.
Information about decisions taken at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Bondholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Trustee, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Bondholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Bondholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Trustee, as applicable.

32

18

Bondholders' Meeting

18.1

The Trustee shall convene a Bondholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any

event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the

Issuer or the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or

administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a

Bondholder on a date selected by the Trustee which falls no more than five (5) Business

Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.

18.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may convene a Bondholders' Meeting

in accordance with Clause 18.1 with a copy to the Trustee. After a request from the

Bondholders pursuant to Clause 21.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business

Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical

or administrative reasons) convene a Bondholders' Meeting in accordance with

Clause 18.1. The Issuer shall inform the Trustee before a notice for a Bondholders'

Meeting where the Trustee is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on the request of

the Trustee, append information from the Trustee together with the notice.

18.3

The notice pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include the (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place

for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by

the Bondholders), (iv) day on which a person must be a Bondholder in order to exercise

Bondholders' rights at the Bondholders' Meeting and (v) a form of power of attorney.

Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the

Bondholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in

order to attend the Bondholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the

notice.

18.4

The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no

later than twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.

18.5

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Trustee may prescribe

such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Bondholders'

Meeting as the Trustee may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a

possibility for Bondholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

19

Written Procedure

19.1

The Trustee shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event

no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or

the Bondholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or

administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is

registered as a Bondholder on a date selected by the Trustee which falls no more than

five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.

19.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Trustee, it may send a communication in

accordance with Clause 19.1 to each Bondholder with a copy to the Trustee.

19.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision

by the Bondholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a

specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Bondholder

33

19.4 20 20.1
20.2 20.3
20.4 21 21.1 21.1.1

in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Bondholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 19.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication.
When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 17.5 and 17.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 17.5 or 17.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
Amendments and Waivers
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), the Issuer and the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Bondholders) may agree to amend the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:
(a) the Trustee is satisfied that such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders as a group;
(b) it is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(c) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or
(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Bondholders in accordance with Clause 17 (Decisions by Bondholders).
The consent of the Bondholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment.
The Trustee shall promptly notify the Bondholders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 20.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 11.3 (Publication o f Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Bondholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Trustee, as the case may be.
Appointment and Replacement of the Trustee
Appointment of Trustee
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder appoints the Trustee to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Trustee (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically

34

21.1.2
21.1.3 21.1.4 21.1.5 21.2 21.2.1
21.2.2 21.2.3

required by these Terms and Conditions), and confirms the appointment under the Intercreditor Agreement (if any) of the Trustee, to act on its behalf in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Bondholder including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Transaction Security and agrees that the rights, obligations, role of and limitations of liability for Trustee in its capacity as security agent are further regulated in the Intercreditor Agreement (if any). By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Trustee to act on its behalf. The appointment of the Trustee shall also constitute an appointment of the Trustee as the representative (Da. repræsentant) of each Bondholder under and in accordance with Chapter 2a of the Danish Security Trading Act (Da. værdipapirhandelsloven).
Each Bondholder shall immediately upon request provide the Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Trustee is under no obligation to represent a Bondholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Trustee with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee), that the Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement and the Trustee's obligations as Trustee under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Trustee may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Trustee
The Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee is not responsible for the content, the valid execution, legal validity, perfection or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. The Trustee shall carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Trustee is not acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person and any advice or opinions from the Trustee is not binding on the Bondholders.

35

21.2.4

The Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.

21.2.5

The Trustee is always entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties without having to first obtain any consent, but the Trustee shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.

21.2.6

The Trustee shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.

21.2.7

The Trustee is always entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Trustee pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event which the Trustee reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default, (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer or the Transaction Security which the Trustee reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders under the Finance Documents, or (iii) as otherwise agreed upon between the Issuer and the Trustee. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Trustee from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 16 (Distribution o fproceeds).

21.2.8

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

21.2.9

If in the Trustee's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Trustee) in complying with instructions of the Bondholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Trustee may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

21.2.10

Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

21.2.11

The Trustee shall give a notice to the Bondholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Trustee Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 21.2.9.

36

21.3 21.3.1 21.3.2
21.3.3
21.3.4 21.3.5 21.4 21.4.1 21.4.2 21.4.3

Limited liability for the Trustee
The Trustee will not be liable to the Bondholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Trustee shall never be responsible for indirect loss.
The Trustee shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts addressed to the Trustee or if the Trustee has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Trustee considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Bondholders.
The Trustee shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Trustee to the Bondholders, provided that the Trustee has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Trustee for that purpose.
The Trustee shall have no liability to the Bondholders or to the Issuer for damage caused by the Trustee acting in accordance with instructions of the Bondholders given in accordance with the Finance Documents.
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Trustee in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Bondholders under the Finance Documents.
Replacement of the Trustee
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, the Trustee may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Bondholders, in which case the Bondholders shall appoint a successor Trustee at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Trustee or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Trustee.
Subject to Clause 21.4.6, if the Trustee is Insolvent, the Trustee shall be deemed to resign as Trustee and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Bondholder (or Bondholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Bondholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Bondholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Bondholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Trustee and appointing a new Trustee. The Issuer may, at a Bondholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Bondholders that the Trustee be dismissed and a new Trustee appointed.

37

21.4.4
21.4.5 21.4.6 21.4.7
21.4.8
22 22.1 22.2

If the Bondholders have not appointed a successor Trustee within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Trustee was dismissed through a decision by the Bondholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Trustee which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Trustee shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Trustee such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Trustee may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Trustee under the Finance Documents.
The Trustee's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Trustee and acceptance by such successor Trustee of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Trustee.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Trustee shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Trustee. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Bondholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Trustee.
In the event that there is a change of the Trustee in accordance with this Clause 21.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Trustee may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Trustee the rights, powers and obligation of the Trustee and releasing the retiring Trustee from its further obligations under the Finance Documents and the Trustee Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Trustee agrees otherwise, the new Trustee shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Trustee.
Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

38

23

Appointment and Replacement of the CSD

23.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and

Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations

applicable to the Notes.

23.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the

Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same

time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does

not have a negative effect on any Bondholder or the listing of the Bonds on the

Regulated Market. The replacing CSD must be authorised to professionally conduct

clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om

värdepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities depository in

accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om

kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).

24

No Direct Actions by Bondholders

24.1

A Bondholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or

recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to initiate,

support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation

(Da. rekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Da. konkurs) pursuant to the Danish Bankruptcy

Act (Act no. 11 of 6 January 2014 as amended from time to time) (Da. konkursloven)

(or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the

liabilities of the Issuer under the Finance Documents.

24.2

Clause 24.1 shall not apply if the Trustee has been instructed by the Bondholders in

accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason

to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Bondholder to

provide documents in accordance with Clause 21.1.2), such actions within a reasonable

period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take

certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due

to the Trustee under the Finance Documents or the Trustee Agreement or by any reason

described in Clause 21.2.9, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business

Days after notice pursuant to Clause 21.2.11 before a Bondholder may take any action

referred to in Clause 24.1.

24.3

The provisions of Clause 24.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Bondholder's

right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 9.7 (Mandatory

repurchase due to a Change o f Control Event or a Listing Failure) or other payments

which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Bondholders.

25

Prescription

25.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be prescribed and

become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of

interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three

(3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set

aside for payments in respect of which the Bondholders' right to receive payment has

been prescribed and has become void.

39

25.2
26 26.1 26.1.1
26.1.2 26.1.3 26.1.4

If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Danish Limitations Act (Act no. 1238 of 9 September 2015) (Da. forwldelsesloven), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Danish Limitations Act.
Notices and Press releases
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Trustee, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address notified by the Trustee to the Issuer from time to time, initially sweden@nordictrustee.com;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the following address:
Cembrit Group A/S c/o Cembrit Holding A/S, Kaspar Kristiansen Sohngardsholmsvej 2 9000 Aalborg
or, if sent by email by the Trustee, to such email address notified by the Issuer to the Trustee from time to time, initially kaspar.kristiansen@cembrit.com; and
(c) if to the Bondholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Bondholder in order to receive the communication (or if no such date is specified, one Business Day prior to dispatch), and by either courier delivery (to the extent it is possible to deliver by courier to the relevant address) or letter for all Bondholders. A Notice to the Bondholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer or the Group and the Trustee.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Trustee and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 26.1.1 or, in case of email to the Trustee or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 26.1.1.
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Bondholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Bondholders.

40

26.2 26.2.1 26.2.2
27 27.1
27.2 27.3 27.4 28 28.1 28.2

Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Trustee shall send to the Bondholders pursuant to Clauses 9.3, 9.4, 9.5, 9.6, 18.1, 19.1, 20.3 and 21.4 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Trustee.
In addition to Clause 26.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds or the Issuer contained in a notice the Trustee may send to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Trustee shall before it sends such information to the Bondholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Trustee considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Trustee or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.
The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Bondholders if it has observed reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Trustee or the Issuing Agent from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.
The provisions in this Clause 27 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden.
The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt).

41

Schedule 1 Form of Compliance Certificate

To: From: Dated:

Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Trustee Cembrit Group A/S [·]

Dear Sirs,

Terms and conditions for Cembrit Group A/S with respect to the up to EUR 150,000,000 senior secured callable bonds (ISIN: SE0009722887) (the "Terms and Conditions")

(1)

We refer to the Terms and Conditions. This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms defined

in the Terms and Conditions have the same meaning when used in this Compliance

Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate.

(2)

[We confirm that the Net Interest Bearing Debt to EBITDA on the Testing Date [date]

was [·].]

(3)

[We set out below calculations establishing the figures in paragraph (2):

[·]]

(4)

We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing. [If this statement cannot be made,

the certificate should identify any Event o f Default that is continuing and the steps, if

any, being taken to remedy it.]

(5)

[Attached hereto you will find copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market. ]

CEMBRIT GROUP A/S

[·]

[·]

42

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place: Mdltyio Date. 2 0 Marcln 2017-
CEMBRIT GROUP A/S

Place: fAftlmo' Date: Zo March ZO/7
CEMBRIT GROUP A/S

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.
Place: Date: NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Trustee
Name:

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place: Date:
CEMBRIT GROUP A/S as Issuer

Place: Date:
CEMBRIT GROUP A/S as Issuer

Name:

Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place: OLk-Ps/ ^

Date:

IP

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Trustee

43

