Execution Version
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR KVALITENA AB (PUBL) SEK 1,000,000,000
SENIOR FLOATING RATE NOTES ISIN: SE0009664949 MARCH 2017
No action is being taken that would or is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of this document or any other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any applicable restrictions.
V

Table of Contents

1

Definitions and construction............................................ .............................................3

2

Status of the N otes....................................................................................................... 10

3

Use of proceeds.............................................................................................................11

4

Conditions for disbursem ent........................................................................................ 11

5

Escrow of proceeds....................................................................................................... 12

6

Notes in book-entry form ............................................................................................. 12

7

Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder......................................................................... 13

8

Payments in respect of the Notes.................................................................................13

9

interest.............................................................................................................

14

10

Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes.......................................................... 14

11

Information to Noteholders.......................................................................................... 16

12

General Undertakings................................................................................................... 17

13

Financial undertakings..................................................................................................19

14

Admission to trading..................................................................................................... 19

15

Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement......................................................... 19

16

Acceleration of the Notes..........................................................

19

17

Distribution of Proceeds................................................................................................22

18

Decisions by Noteholders..............................................................................................23

19

Noteholders'M eeting................................................................................................... 26

20

Written Procedure........................................................................................................ 27

21

Amendments and W aivers........................................................................................... 27

22

Appointment and Replacement of the Agent.............................................................. 28

23

Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent.................

32

24

Appointment and replacement of the CSD...................................................................32

25

No Direct Actions by Noteholders................................................................................ 32

26

Prescription................................................................................................................... 33

27

Notices and Press releases............................................................................................ 33

28

Force Majure and Limitation of Liability.......................................................................34

29

Governing Law and Jurisdiction....................................................................................35

1

Definitions and construction

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Bank" means Swedbank AB (publ).

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes.

"Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices in Sweden, including international financial reporting standards (IFRS), if applicable.

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the Total Nominal Amount less the Nominal Amount of all Notes owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes.

"Affiliate" means (i) an entity controlling or under common control with the Issuer, other than a Group Company, and (ii) any other person or entity owning any Notes (irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes) that has undertaken towards a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i) to vote for such Notes in accordance with the instructions given by a Group Company or an entity referred to in item (i).

For the purposes of this definition, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.

"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into on or before the First Issue Date, between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an agent.

"Agent" means Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish Reg. No. 556882-1879, or another party replacing it, as Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

"Applicable Premium" means an amount equal to:

(a) the present value on the relevant record date of 101 per cent, of the outstanding Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; plus
(b) the present value on the relevant record date of all remaining scheduled interest payments on the Notes until the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date

3 K r-'

will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which the applicable notice of redemption is given) (but excluding accrued but unpaid Interest up to the relevant Redemption Date),
each calculated by using a discount rate of 50 basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Notes until the First Call Date) and where "relevant record date" shall mean a date agreed upon between the Agent, the CSD and the Issuer in connection with such repayment.
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year's Eve (nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Change of Control Event" means an event where any person (other than Dorco International B. V.) or group of persons acting in concert (i) becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, and has the right to vote as it sees fit for, more than fifty (50) per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Issuer, or (ii) has the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer.
For the purposes of this definition, "acting in concert" means, a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co operate, through the acquisition directly or indirectly of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate control of the Issuer.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Compliance Certificate) and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying:
(a) that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;
(b) the percentage and calculation in respect of the Equity Ratio; and
(c) in relation to the Test Date being each 31 December, compliance with the undertaking set out in Clause 12.3.2 regarding Real Estate Related Investments.
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes, from time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556112-

8074, P.O. Box 191,101 23 Stockholm, Sweden or another party replacing it, as CSD, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"CSD Regulations" means the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time.
"Escrow Account" means a bank account held by the Issuer with the Account Bank for the purpose of the arrangement specified in Clause 5 (Escrow of proceeds).
"Escrow Account Pledge Agreement" means the agreement for first ranking Security over the funds from time to time standing to the credit on the Escrow Account, entered into between the Issuer and the Agent.
"Equity Ratio" means, at any time, the equity of the Group as a percentage of the aggregate value of the Total Assets (in each case calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in line with the principles for the audited financial statements).
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 16.1.
"Existing Market Loan" means each the SEK 600,000,000 Market Loan raised by the Issuer on 29 October 2015 with ISIN SE0007666102.
"Existing Notes" means the outstanding notes under the Existing Market Loan.
"Existing Pledge" means the pledge over the shares in Fastighets AB Bodarne 11, Reg. No. 556685-8097, which are currently pledged to the Agent on its own behalf and in its capacity as agent as security for the Issuer's obligations under the Existing Market Loan.
"Final Maturity Date" means the date falling three (3) years and six (6) months after the First Issue Date.
"Finance Documents" means these Terms and Conditions, the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, the Agency Agreement any Compliance Certificate and any other document designated as a "Finance Document" by the Agent and the Issuer.
"Financial Indebtedness" means:
(a) moneys borrowed (including under any bank financing); (b) the amount of any liability under any finance leases (a lease which in
accordance with the Accounting Principles is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability), provided that any existing or future leases which would at the First Issue Date have been treated as operating leases, shall not be considered as being finance leases due to any subsequent change in the Accounting Principles;

(c) receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met);
(d) any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any bond or note or similar instrument;
(e) any other transaction (including the obligation to pay deferred purchase price) having the commercial effect of a borrowing or otherwise being classified as borrowing under the Accounting Principles;
(f) the marked-to-market value of derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against, or in order to benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
(g) counter-indemnity obligations in respect of guarantees or other instruments issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(h) without double-counting, liabilities under guarantees or indemnities for any of the obligations referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
"Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Financial Year" means the annual accounting period of the Group.
"First Call Date" means the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 30 March 2017.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Initial Notes" means the Notes issued on the First Issue Date.
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with all or substantially all of its creditors (other than the Noteholders and creditors of secured debt) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
6

"Interest Payment Date" means 5 January, 5 April, 5 July and 5 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Notes shall be 5 July 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means 3-month STIBOR plus 6 per cent, per annum.
"Issuer" means Kvalitena AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden with Reg. No. 556527-3314.
"Issuing Agent" means ABG Sundal Collier ASA, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Listing Failure Event" means (i) a failure to list the Notes on NASDAQ Stockholm within sixty (60) calendar days after the relevant Issue Date and (ii) in case a successful listing has occurred, that the Notes cease to be listed on NASDAQ Stockholm or another Regulated Market (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Notes in close connection to the redemption of the Notes).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), which is or is intended by the Issuer to be admitted for trading on a Swedish or foreign Regulated Market or MTF.
"Material Adverse Effect" means material adverse effect on:
(a) the ability of the Issuer to perform and comply with its obligations under any of the Finance Documents; or
(b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Finance Documents.
"MTF" means any Multilateral Trading Facility (as defined in the Swedish Securities Markets Act).
"NASDAQ Stockholm" means NASDAQ Stockholm AB, Reg. No. 556420-8394.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.3.
"Note" means a debt instrument (skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and
7

which are governed by and issued under these Terms and Conditions, including the Initial Notes and any Subsequent Notes.
"Noteholder" means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) with respect to a Note.
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with Clause 19 (Noteholders' Meeting).
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to any period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Real Estate Related Investments" means any investment related to acquisition, development, ownership, renovation or management of real properties and site leasehold rights and acquisition of shares or other interests in entities directly or indirectly carrying out (or intending to carry out) such activities.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under Clause 17 (Distribution of proceeds), or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes).
"Refinancing Proceeds" means an amount equal to the aggregate amounts required to redeem the Existing Market Loan (after deducting the amount (if any) of Existing Notes committed to be used as payment in kind for any Notes in the Initial Notes Issue) in full including interest, costs and fees thereunder, in accordance with their respective terms and conditions.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"STIBOR" means: (a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on NASDAQ Stockholm's
website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or
8

1.2 1.2.1

around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(c) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (b), the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period; and
if any such rate is below zero, STIBOR will be deemed to be zero.
"Subsequent Notes" means any Notes issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)).
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden.
"Test Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.
"Total Assets" means, at any time, the total assets of the Group calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles and in line with the principles for the audited financial statements.
"Total Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 20 (Written Procedure).
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental,

9

1.2.2 1.2.3
1.2.4 1.2.5 2 2.1 2.2 2.3
2.4

intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived;
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
Status of the Notes
The Notes are denominated in Swedish Kronor and each Note is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Notes and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder agrees that the Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such agreement.
The nominal amount of each Initial Note is SEK 1,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The aggregate maximum nominal amount of the Initial Notes as at the First Issue Date is SEK 800,000,000. All Initial Notes are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 98.50 percent, of the Initial Nominal Amount.
Provided that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue, the Issuer may, on one or several occasions, issue Subsequent Notes. Subsequent Notes shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ISIN, the interest rate, the currency, the nominal amount and the final maturity applicable to the Initial Notes shall apply to Subsequent Notes. The issue price of the Subsequent Notes may be set at a discount or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes (the Initial Notes and all Subsequent Notes) may not exceed SEK 1,000,000,000. Each Subsequent Note shall entitle its holder to Interest in accordance with Clause 9 {Interest), and otherwise have the same rights as the Initial Notes

2.5

The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured

obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any

preference among them and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional,

unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are

preferred by mandatory law and except as otherwise provided in the Finance

Documents.

2.6

The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or

transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which

a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such

restrictions at its own cost and expense.

2.7

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or

other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than

Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself

about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to

the Issuer or the Notes.

3

Use of proceeds

3.1

The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of the Initial Notes, less the costs and

expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Initial Notes, for

refinancing of existing debt (including the Existing Market Loan), debt service and

general corporate purposes of the Group.

3.2

The Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issue of any Subsequent Notes, less the

costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the

Subsequent Notes, for refinancing of existing debt, debt service and general corporate

purposes of the Group.

4

Conditions for disbursement

4.1

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, prior to the First Issue Date, the documents and

other evidence set out in Schedule 1 Part I (Conditions Precedent relating to Initial

Notes). Subject to the escrow arrangements set out in Clause 5 (Escrow of Proceeds),

the Issuing Agent shall pay the gross proceeds from the issuance of the Initial Notes to

the Issuer on the later of (i) the First Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Agent

notifies the Issuing Agent that it has received the documents and other evidence set

out in Schedule 1 Part I (Conditions Precedent relating to Initial Notes).

4.2

The Issuer shall provide to the Agent, prior to the Issue Date for any Subsequent

Notes, the documents and other evidence set out in Schedule 1 Part II (Conditions

Precedent relating to Subsequent Notes). The Issuing Agent shall pay the gross

proceeds from the issuance of any Subsequent Notes to the Issuer on the later of (i)

the relevant Issue Date and (ii) the date on which the Agent notifies the Issuing Agent

that it has received the documents and other evidence set out Schedule 1 Part II

11

(Conditions Precedent relating to Subsequent Notes) in respect of such Subsequent Notes.

The Agent may assume that the documentation delivered to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 or 4.2 is accurate, correct and complete unless it has actual knowledge that this is not the case, and the Agent does not have to verify the contents of any such documentation. The Agent is not responsible for (and does not) review the documentation and evidence pursuant to Clause 4.1 or 4.2 from a legal or commercial perspective of the Noteholders.

4.4

The Agent shall confirm to the Issuing Agent when the conditions in Clause 4.1 or 4.2,

as the case may be, have been satisfied.

5

Escrow of proceeds

5.1

The Issuer shall procure that the Refinancing Proceeds are transferred to the Escrow

Account immediately by the Issuing Agent upon disbursement in accordance with

Clause 4.1. The Escrow Account shall be blocked and pledged by the Issuer in favour of

the Noteholders pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement.

5.2

The Agent shall instruct the Account Bank to release the pledge over the Escrow

Account to allow the CSD to withdraw the Refinancing Proceeds from the Escrow

Account for the purpose of redeeming the Existing Market Loan on the redemption

date notified to the Agent by the Issuer and to release the surplus if any, to the Issuer.

The Agent shall instruct the Account Bank to release the pledge over the Escrow

Account immediately prior to the redemption of the Existing Market Loan.

5.3

If the amounts standing to the credit on the Escrow Account have not been released in

accordance with the above on or before ninety (90) calendar days following the First

Issue Date, the Issuer shall redeem all Notes at a price equal to 100 per cent, of the

Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest. The Agent may partly

fund the redemption with the amounts standing to the credit on the Escrow Account.

The Agent shall instruct the Account Bank to release the pledge over the Escrow

Account immediately prior to such redemption.

6

Notes in book-entry form

6.1

The Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities

Accounts and no physical notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered

in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration requests

relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator.

6.2

Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children

and Parents Code (foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register

their entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments

Accounts Act.

6.3

The Issuer and the Agent shall at all times be entitled to obtain information from the

debt register (skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes. At the request of the

Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the Agent.

For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of the

Finance Documents, the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the

debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes.

6.4

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by

the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently

obtain information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the

Notes. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the

Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders.

7

Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder

7.1

If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Finance

Documents, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from

the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of

authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person.

7.2

A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties or provide

proof of authorisation to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it.

Any such representative may act independently under the Finance Documents in

relation to the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the

Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder by way of a

further power of attorney.

7.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7.2 and may assume that

it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is

in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

8

Payments in respect of the Notes

8.1

Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in

respect of a repurchase of any Notes, shall be made to such person who is registered

as a Noteholder on the Record Date prior to an Interest Payment Date or other

relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the CSD on such date

as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount.

8.2

If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, interest or

any other payment shall be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be

effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be

transferred by the CSD to the Noteholder at the address registered with the CSD on

the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other

obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that

such amounts are paid to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the

relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

8.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment,

such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 9.4 during such postponement.

8.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the

CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether

such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.

8.5

The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under the Finance Documents by

virtue of any withholding tax, public levy or the similar

9

Interest

9.1

Each Initial Note carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the First

Issue Date up to (and including) the relevant Redemption Date. Any Subsequent Note

will carry Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from (but

excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance (or the

First Issue Date if there is no such Interest Payment Date) up to (and including) the

relevant Redemption Date.

9.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Notes

shall be made to the Noteholders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding

Interest Period.

9.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest

Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days

basis).

9.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Terms and Conditions on

its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding)

the due date up to (and including) the date of actual payment at a rate which is two (2)

per cent, higher than the interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be

capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely

attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply

instead.

10

Redemption and Repurchase of the Notes

10.1

Redemption at maturity

The Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. If the Final Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then the redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day.

14

10.2 10.3 10.3.1
10.3.2
10.4 10.4.1 10.4.2

Purchase of Notes by the Issuer
The Issuer may, subject to applicable law, at any time and at any price purchase Notes on the market or in any other way. The Notes held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled by the Issuer.
Voluntary total redemption (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in full at any time at an amount per Note equal to:
(a) the Applicable Premium, if the Notes are redeemed during a period starting on the First Issue Date and ending on a day falling immediately prior to the First Call Date;
(b) 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, if the Notes are redeemed during a period starting on the First Call Date and ending on the day falling immediately prior to the Final Maturity Date; and
(c) 100 per cent, of the Nominal Amount, if the Notes are redeemed during a period starting on the first Business Day falling thirty-nine (39) months after the Issue Date and ending on the day falling immediately prior to the Final Maturity Date, provided that the redemption is financed by way of one or more Market Loan issues and that each Noteholder is offered to participate in such issues;
in each case together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated from the effective date of the notice. The Notice from the Issuer shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. The notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date.
Early redemption due to illegality (call option)
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at an amount per Note equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest on a Redemption Date determined by the Issuer if it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
The Issuer may give notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 10.4.1 no later than twenty (20) Business Days after having received actual knowledge of any event specified therein (after which time period such right shall lapse). The notice from the Issuer is irrevocable, shall specify the Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such

15

10.5
10.5.1
10.5.2
10.5.3
10.5.4
11
11.1 11.1.1

Redemption Date. The Issuer is bound to redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amount on the specified Redemption Date
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event (put option)
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event occurring, each Noteholder shall during a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the effective date of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 (after which time period such right shall lapse) have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event.
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2 shall specify the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a Noteholder to receive interest and principal, the Redemption Date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the Redemption Date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 11.1.2. The Redemption Date must fall no later than forty (40) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 10.5.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.5, the Issuer may comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.5 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Notes repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.5 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled.
Information to Noteholders
Information from the Issuer
The Issuer shall make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press release and by publication on the website of the Issuer:
(a) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within five (5) months after the end of each financial year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that financial year prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;

11.1.2
11.1.3
11.2
11.3 11.3.1 11.3.2 12 12.1

(b) as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the end of each quarter of its financial year, its unaudited consolidated financial statements or the year-end report (bokslutskommunike) (as applicable) for such period prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles;
(c) as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Notes by a Group Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of Notes cancelled by the Issuer; and
(d) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act {lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a Listing Failure Event. Such notice may be given in advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, and be conditional upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place providing for such Change of Control Event.
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 11.1.1, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent. Together with the financial statements, the Issuer shall submit to the Agent a Compliance Certificate attaching copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading.
Information from the Agent
The Agent is entitled to disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
Publication of Finance Documents
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) shall be available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
The latest versions of the Finance Documents shall be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours.
General Undertakings
Disposals
The Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no other Group Company will, enter into a single transaction or series of transactions (whether related or not) and whether

12.2
12.3 12.3.1 12.3.2 12.4
12.5 12.6
12.7

voluntary or involuntary to sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of the assets or operations of the Group where such disposal is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents.
Restrictions regarding pledge of assets
The Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets for any Market Loan raised by the Issuer, other than (i) the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement and (ii) until the Existing Market Loan is redeemed in accordance with Clause 12.7 (Voluntary Early Redemption), the Existing Pledge.
Change of Business
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the date of the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer shall procure that as an aggregate during each Financial Year, not less than 85% of all investments (based on the gross amounts applied towards such investments) made by the Issuer are Real Estate Related Investments.
Pari Passu ranking
The Issuer shall ensure that at all times its obligations under the Terms and Conditions rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its unsubordinated and unsecured creditors, except those whose claims are mandatorily preferred by laws of general application.
Term of Market Loans
The Issuer shall not raise any new Market Loan where such Market Loan has a final maturity date falling before the Final Maturity Date or which otherwise is scheduled to be repaid before the Final Maturity Date.
Dividends
The Issuer shall not declare, make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its share capital attributable to common shares (or any class of its share capital attributable to common shares) ("Restricted Payment") unless, at the time of such payment, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments in any fiscal year does not exceed the lower of (i) SEK 30,000,000 or (ii) fifty (50) per cent, of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous Financial Year.
Voluntary Early Redemption of Existing Market Loan
No later than seven (7) Business Days after the First Issue Date, the Issuer shall give notice to the agent and the noteholders under the Existing Market Loan to redeem all

18

notes outstanding under the Existing Market Loan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Existing Market Loan.

13

Financial undertakings

13.1

The Equity Ratio shall exceed 30% at all times.

13.2

The financial covenant in Clause 13.1 will be measured on each Test Date and reported

in each Compliance Certificate.

13.3

When determining if an issue of Subsequent Notes would lead to an Event of Default,

the Equity Ratio shall be measured using the financial statements most recently

delivered pursuant to Clause 11.1 (a) or (b) (Information from the Issuer) adjusted by

adding the effects of such issue.

14

Admission to trading

14.1

The Issuer shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes are admitted to trading on

the corporate bond list of NASDAQ Stockholm within sixty (60) days after the relevant

Issue Date, and that it remains admitted or, if such admission to trading is not possible

to obtain or maintain, admitted to trading on another Regulated Market.

14.2

Following an admission to trading, the Issuer shall take all actions on its part to

maintain the admission as long as any Notes are outstanding, but not longer than up

to and including the last day on which the admission reasonably can, pursuant to the

then applicable regulations of the Regulated Market and the CSD, subsist.

15

Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement

15.1

The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:

(a) pay fees to the Agent;

(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;

(c) furnish to the Agent all information requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and

(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agency Agreement.

15.2

The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency

Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be

detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders (provided that any change in fees

payable to the Agent shall not be considered detrimental to the interest of the

Noteholders).

16

Acceleration of the Notes

16.1

The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or

Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount

19

(such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 16.4, on behalf of the Noteholders (i) by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Finance Documents, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines, and (ii) exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Finance Documents, if:
(a) the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents, unless the non-payment:
(i) is caused by technical or administrative error; and
(ii) is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date;
(b) the Issuer or any other person (other than the Agent) does not comply with any terms or conditions of the Finance Documents to which it is a party (other than those terms referred to in paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance:
(i) is capable of remedy; and
(ii) is remedied within twenty (20) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance;
(c) any Finance Document becomes invalid, ineffective or varied (other than in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents), and such invalidity, ineffectiveness or variation has a detrimental effect on the interests of the Noteholders;
(d) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within twenty (20) Business Days is taken in relation to:
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, windingup, dissolution, administration or reorganization of any Group Company, other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Group Company other than the Issuer;
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of any Group Company, other than the Noteholders; or
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Group Company other than the Issuer), administrator or other similar officer in respect of any Group Company or any of its assets;
(e) any Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent;
(f) any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any jurisdiction, which affects any assets of a Group Company having an aggregate value of not less than SEK 25,000,000 and is not discharged within forty-five (45) days or any Security over any asset of any Group Company having an aggregate value of not less than SEK 25,000,000 is enforced; or
20

(g) any creditor of a Group Company declares any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (g) if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than SEK 25,000,000.

16.2

The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 16.1 by reference

to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, on a

Noteholders Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, to waive such Event of Default

(temporarily or permanently).

16.3

The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming

aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of

Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period,

the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the

foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such

further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such

notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume

that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that

the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.

16.4

The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of

Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business

Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of

Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If

the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly seek

instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by

Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider

whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.

16.5

If the Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall promptly

declare the Notes due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the

Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the

Finance Documents, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer continuing.

16.6

If the right to accelerate the Notes is based upon a decision of a court of law, an

arbitral tribunal or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has

become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order for

cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist,

16.7

In the event of an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with this Clause 16, the

Issuer shall redeem all Notes at an amount per Note equal the redemption amount

specified in Clause 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) as applicable

considering when acceleration occurs.

21

17

Distribution of Proceeds

17.1

All payments by the Issuer relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents following

an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Clause 16 (Acceleration of the Notes)

shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the

instructions of the Agent:

(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Finance Documents (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders), (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Notes or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 22.2.7, and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 18.15 together with default interest in accordance with Clause 9.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer;

(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Notes (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);

(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Notes; and

(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents including default interest in accordance with Clause 9.4 on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or reimbursed by the Issuer.

Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer.

17.2

If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities

referred to in Clause 17.1(a), such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to

reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause

17.1(a).

17.3

Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the

acceleration of the Notes constitute escrow funds (redovisningsmedel) and must be

held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the

other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in

accordance with this Clause 17 as soon as reasonably practicable.

17.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 17, the Issuer or

the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least

fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the

Redemption Date and also the Record Date on which a person shall be registered as a

Noteholder to receive the amounts due on such Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.

18

Decisions by Noteholders

18.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the

Finance Documents shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure.

18.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten

(10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly

made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the

day on which the request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several

Noteholders, be made by them jointly) fora decision by the Noteholders on a matter

relating to the Finance Documents shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a

Noteholders' Meeting or by way a Written Procedure, as determined by the Agent.

The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, but if it

is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders'

Meeting.

18.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to

the Noteholders and such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be

given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

18.4

Should the Agent not convene a Noteholders' Meeting or instigate a Written

Procedure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, without Clause 18.3 being

applicable, the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) requesting a decision by the Noteholders

may convene such Noteholders' Meeting or instigate such Written Procedure, as the

case may be, instead. The Issuing Agent shall upon request provide the Issuer or the

convening Noteholder(s) with the information available in the debt register (skuldbok)

kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders'

Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

18.5

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders'

Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by

sending communication in accordance with Clause 20.1, in both cases with a copy to

the Agent. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 22.4.3, the Issuer

shall no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later

date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a

Noteholders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 19.1. The Issuer shall inform the

Agent before a notice for a Noteholders' Meeting or communication relating to a

Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and shall, on

the request of the Agent, append information from the Agent together with the notice

or the communication. The Issuing Agent shall provide the Issuer with the information

available in the debt register {skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes in

order to convene and hold the Noteholders' Meeting or instigate and carry out the Written Procedure, as the case may be.

18.6

Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney pursuant to

Clause 7 (Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder) from a person who is, registered as a

Noteholder:

(a) on the Business Day specified in the notice pursuant to Clause 19.2, in respect of a Noteholders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 20.2, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

18.7

The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least

two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at

a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in

accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20.2:

(a) a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.1, and Clauses 2.5 to 2.7;

(b) a reduction of the premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note pursuant to Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase of the Notes);

(c) a change to the Interest Rate or the Nominal Amount;

(d) a change to the terms for the distribution of proceeds set out in Clause 17 (Distribution of proceeds);

(e) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders' consent set out in this Clause 18 (Decisions by Noteholders);

(f) a change of issuer, an extension of the tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the Notes;

(g) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities; and

(h) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Clause 16 (Acceleration of the Notes) or as otherwise permitted or required by these Terms and Conditions.

18.8

Any matter not covered by Clause 18.7 shall require the consent of Noteholders

representing more than 50 per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which

Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a

Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20.2.

This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any

Finance Document that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment

permitted pursuant to Clause 21.1(a) or (b)), an acceleration of the Notes.

24

18.9
18.10
18.11 18.12 18.13 18.14

Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 18.7, and otherwise twenty (20) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists.
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 19.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 20.1), as the case may be, provided that the person(s) who initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent has confirmed that the relevant proposal is not withdrawn. For the purposes of a second Noteholders' Meeting or second Written Procedure pursuant to this Clause 18.10, the date of request of the second Noteholders' Meeting pursuant to Clause 19.1 or second Written Procedure pursuant to Clause 20.1, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be the relevant date when the quorum did not exist. The quorum requirement in Clause 18.7 shall not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under the Finance Documents shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Noteholder holding more than one Note need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders.

18.15 18.16
18.17
19 19.1
19.2
19.3 19.4

All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision is to be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Finance Documents, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible for determining whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate.
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Noteholders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
Noteholders' Meeting
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting as soon as practicable and in any event no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a notice thereof to each person who is registered as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the notice is sent.
The notice pursuant to Clause 19.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders), (iv) the day on which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders' rights at the Noteholders' Meeting and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person.

20

Written Procedure

20.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure as soon as practicable and in any event

no later than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a valid request from the Issuer or

the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or

administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each person who is registered

as a Noteholder on a date selected by the Agent which falls no more than five (5)

Business Days prior to the date on which the communication is sent.

20.2

A communication pursuant to Clause 20.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision

by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a

specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a

Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) instructions and

directions on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include

an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney,

and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the

request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days and not longer than

thirty (30) Business Days from the effective date of the communication pursuant to

Clause 20.1). If the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall

be included in the communication.

20.3

When consents from Noteholders representing the requisite majority of the total

Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clauses 18.7 and 18.8 have been received in a

Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to

Clause 18.7 or 18.8, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the

Written Procedure has not yet expired.

21

Amendments and Waivers

21.1

The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree to amend

the Finance Documents or waive any provision in a Finance Document, provided that:

(a) it is obvious to the Agent that such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders as a group;

(b) it is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;

(c) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or

(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 18 (Decisions by Noteholders).

21.2

The consent of the Noteholders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any

amendment to the Finance Documents. It is sufficient if such consent approves the

substance of the amendment.

21.3

The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders of any amendments or waivers made

in accordance with Clause 21.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or

waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents

27

21.4
22 22.1 22. 1.1
22.1.2
22.1.3 22.1.4 22.1.5 22.2 22.2.1

are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 11.3 (Publication of Finance Documents). The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the Finance Documents are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment to the Finance Documents shall take effect on the date determined by the Noteholders Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
Appointment and Replacement of the Agent
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Finance Documents, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such Noteholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as Agent under the Finance Documents are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the Security provided pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of the Noteholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Security provided pursuant to the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement on behalf of the

22.2.2 22.2.3 22.2.4 22.2.5 22.2.6 22.2.7
22.2.8 22.2.9

Noteholders. The Agent is not responsible for the content, the valid execution, legal validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, the Agent in not in any way acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders.
The Agent is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in the Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred.
When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall act in the best interest of the Noteholders as a group and carry out its duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) an event or circumstance which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default; (ii) a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders under the Finance Documents; or (iii) as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the Finance Documents shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 17 (Distribution of proceeds).
The Agent shall, as applicable, enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under the Finance Documents.
Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in all aspects.

29

22.2.10

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Finance Documents to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.

22.2.11

If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.

22.2.12

The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under the Finance Documents by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 22.2.11.

22.3

Limited liability for the Agent

22.3.1

The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

22.3.2

The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders.

22.3.3

The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognized clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.

22.3.4

The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders or to the Issuer (or any other person) for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with the Finance Documents.

22.3.5

The Agent is not liable for information provided to the Noteholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or by any other person.

22.3.6

Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, the Finance Documents shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under the Finance Documents.

30

22.4 22.4.1 22.4.2 22.4.3
22.4.4 22.4.5 22.4.6 22.4.7
22.4.8

Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 22.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 22.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance Documents.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Finance Documents and remain liable under the Finance Documents in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the Finance Documents as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 22.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further

31

obligations under the Finance Documents and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

23

Appointment and Replacement of the Issuing Agent

23.1

The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these

Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations

applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Notes.

23.2

The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer,

provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution

approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing

Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is Insolvent, the Issuer shall

immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as

issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

23.3

The Issuing Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such

agreement and the CSD Regulations applicable to the Issuing Agent, as may be

necessary in order for the Issuing Agent to carry out its duties under the Terms and

Conditions.

24

Appointment and replacement of the CSD

24.1

The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and

Conditions and in accordance with the CSD Regulations and the other regulations

applicable to the Notes.

24.2

The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that

the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the

same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the

replacement does not have a negative effect on any Noteholder or the listing of the

Notes on the Regulated Market. The replacing CSD must be authorised to

professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Securities Markets Act (lag

(2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and be authorised as a central securities

depository in accordance with the Financial Instruments Account Act (lag (1998:1479)

om kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).

25

No Direct Actions by Noteholders

25.1

A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or

recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Finance Documents, or to

initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company

reorganisation (företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy {konkurs) (or its equivalent in

any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer

under the Finance Documents. Such steps may only be taken by the Agent.

32

25.2
25.3 26 26.1
26.2
27 27.1 27.1.1

Clause 25.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders in accordance with the Finance Documents to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 22.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Finance Documents or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 22.2.11, such failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 22.2.8 before a Noteholder may take any action referred to in Clause 25.1.
The provisions of Clause 25.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.5 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or Listing Failure Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Noteholders.
Prescription
The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the Redemption Date. The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been prescribed and has become void.
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period often (10) years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations.
Notices and Press releases
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and

33

27.1.2
27.1.3 27.1.4 27.2 27.2.1 27.2.2
28 28.1

(c) if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the date such person shall be a Noteholder in order to receive the communication, (or if no such date is specified, one Business Day prior to dispatch), and by either courier delivery (to the extent it is possible to deliver by courier to the relevant address) or letter for all Noteholders. A Notice to the Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter or, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email, and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 27.1.1, in case of letter three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 27.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in readable form by the email recipient.
Any notice pursuant to the Finance Documents shall be in English.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses 10.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 10.4 (Early redemption due to illegality (call option)), 11.1.2,16.3,18.17, 19.1, 20.1 and 21.3 shall also be published by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 27.2.1, if any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.
Force Majure and Limitation of Liability
Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

34

28.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders if it has observed

reasonable care. The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with

exception of gross negligence and wilful misconduct.

28.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent

from taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such

action may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

28.4

The provisions in this Clause 28 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions

of the Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions shall take precedence.

29

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

29.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws

of Sweden.

29.2

The Issuer submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the City Court of Stockholm

[Stockholms tingsrätt).

35

We hereby certify that the above terms and conditions are binding upon ourselves. Place: Stockholm Date: March 2017

KVALITENAAB (PUBL) as Issuer
L_
Name: K.W r

_____ Name:

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above terms and conditions to the extent they refer to us. Place: Stockholm Date: V \r March 2017
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL)

Name:

36

Schedule 1

Conditions Precedent

Part I - Conditions Precedent relating to Initial Notes

1

Corporate Documents

(a) A copy of the constitutional documents of the Issuer.

(b) A copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer:

(i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents to which it is a party and resolving that it shall execute, deliver and perform the Finance Documents to which it is a party;

(ii) authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party on its behalf; and

(iii) authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all documents and notices to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with the Finance Documents to which it is a party.

(c) A specimen of the signature of each person authorised by the resolution referred to in paragraph (b) above in relation to the Finance Documents and related documents.

(d) A certificate of an authorised signatory of the Issuer certifying that each copy document relating to it specified in this Schedule 1 is correct, complete and in full force and effect.

(e) An agreed form Compliance Certificate.

2

Agreements

The following documents duly executed by all the parties thereto: (a) the Terms and Conditions; (b) the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement; and (c) the Agency Agreement.

Part II - Conditions Precedent relating to Subsequent Notes

1

Corporate Documents

(a) To the extent not covered by the resolutions from the board of directors under Part I, a copy of a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer:

(i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Subsequent Notes and resolving that it shall execute, deliver and perform any documents necessary in connection with the issue of the Subsequent Notes;
(ii) authorising a specified person or persons to execute any such documents; and
(iii) authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all documents and notices to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with the Subsequent Notes.
(b) A Compliance Certificate; and

(c) A copy of any other authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance which the Agent notifies the Issuer that it reasonably considers necessary or desirable in connection with the issue of the Subsequent Notes.

38

To: From: Dated:

Schedule 2
Form of Compliance Certificate
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent Kvalitena AB (publ) [®]

Dear Sirs,

Kvalitena AB (publ) - Terms and conditions for Kvalitena AB (publ) with respect to the SEK 1,000,000,000 senior floating rate notes (the "Terms and Conditions")

(1)

We refer to the Terms and Conditions. This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms defined

in the Terms and Conditions have the same meaning when used in this Compliance

Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate.

(2)

We confirm that:

(a) the Equity Ratio on the Test Date [date], was [©]%; and

(b) [not less than 85% of all investments made by the Issuer during the Financial Year ending on the Test Date [date], are Real Estate Related Investments.]1

(3)

We set out below calculations establishing the figures in paragraphs (2)(a):

[·]

(4)

We confirm that no Event of Default or any event or circumstance which would (with

the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or

any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, is continuing.

[// this statement cannot be made, the certificate should identify any Event of Default

or default that is continuing and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.]

(5)

Attached hereto you will find copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market.

1Only to be included in respect of the Test Date 31 December. 39

