Final version
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ALM EQUITY AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 1,000,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE
BONDS 2017/2021
ISIN: SE0009806946
First Issue Date: 19 May 2017 The distribution o f this document and the private placement o f the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to
inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act o f 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfo r the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION...........................................................................1 2. THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS........ 10 3. STATUS OF THE BONDS............................................................................................ 10 4. USE OF PROCEEDS.................................................................................................... 11 5. THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY....................................................................... 11 6. BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM................................................................................ 11 7. RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER.............................................................. 12 8. PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS................................................................ 12 9. INTEREST.................................................................................................................... 13 10. REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS...............................................14 11. SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS......................................................................................... 15 12. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE FIRST ISSUE DATE.........................................19 13. CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT......................................................................................19 14. TERMINATION OF THE BONDS................................................................................. 19 15. DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS..................................................................................23 16. DECISIONS BY HOLDERS......................................................................................... 24 17. HOLDERS' MEETING................................................................................................. 26 18. WRITTEN PROCEDURE............................................................................................ 27 19. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS...................................................................................28 20. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT............................................ 28 21. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT............................ 32 22. APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD.................................................32 23. NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS.........................................................................33 24. TIME-BAR..................................................................................................................... 33 25. NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES............................................................................ 34 26. FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.................................................. 35 27. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.................................................................... 35

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ALM EQUITY AB (PUBL)
MAXIMUM SEK 1,000,000,000 SENIOR UNSECURED CALLABLE FLOATING RATE BONDS
2017/2021 ISIN: SE0009806946

1.

DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

1.1

Definitions

In these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"):

"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a Holder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Bonds.

"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to time).

"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means the total aggregate Nominal Amount, of the Bonds outstanding at the relevant time less the Nominal Amount of all Bonds owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds.

"Affiliate" means any Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

"Agent" means the Holders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) (reg. no. 556882-1879), P.O. Box 7329, 103 90, Stockholm, Sweden

"Agent Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agent agreement entered into after the First Issue Date between the Issuer and an Agent.

"Bond" means debt instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser), each for the Nominal Amount and of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, issued by the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions.

"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New

1

Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays.
"Business Day Convention" means the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.
"Calculation Principles" the calculation of the Incurrence Test shall be made as per a testing date determined by the Issuer, falling no more than two (2) months prior to the incurrence of a Subsequent Bond Issue or a Restricted Payment (that requires that the Incurrence Test is met), and adjusted so that any assets acquired with the Financial Indebtedness (as applicable) shall be included calculated pro forma.
"Call Option Amount" means
(a) 103.00 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the First Call Date up to (but not including) the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date;
(b) 101.875 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date;
(c) 100.75 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the Final Redemption Date.
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting in concert owning or controlling fifty (50.00) per cent, or more of the shares and votes of the Issuer, where "acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate through the acquisition of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate voting control of such shares.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report which requires that the Maintenance Test is fulfilled or in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio (if in connection with the Incurrence Test, calculated pro forma and in accordance with the Calculation Principles).
"Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.
2

"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Defaulting Group Company" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (h) of Clause 14.1.
"De-listing Event" means the situation where (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on First North Stockholm, on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
"Equity" means, by reference to the consolidated balance sheet of the Group the sum of (i) restricted equity; (ii) non-restricted equity (including any minority interests for the Group); and (iii) any Subordinated Loans.
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets to be calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 14.1.
"Existing Acquisition Facility Agreement" means the SEK 600,000,000 term loan facility agreement entered into between the Issuer, as borrower, and Nordea, as lender, on 1 February 2017 and as amended and restated on 8 March 2017.
"Final Redemption Date" means 19 May 2021.
"Finance Documents" means the Terms and Conditions, the Agent Agreement and any other document designated to be a Finance Document by the Issuer and the Agent. "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in respect of:
(a) monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans;
(b) the amount of any liability in respect of any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is treated as a finance lease in accordance with the Accounting Principles applicable on the First Issue Date (a lease which in the accounts of the Group is treated as an asset and a corresponding liability);
(c) receivables sold or discounted (not including receivables sold on a non-recourse basis);
(d) any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
(e) any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);
3

(f) any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and
(g) (without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in respect of a type referred to in the above items (a) to (f).
"Financial Report" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, which shall be prepared and made available according to paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 11.12.1.
"First Call Date" means the date falling thirty (30) months after the First Issue Date.
"First Issue Date" means 19 May 2017.
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 26.1.
"Group" means the Issuer and all of its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company").
"Holder" means the Person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct registered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw.förvaltare) with respect to a Bond.
"Holders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Holders held in accordance with Clause 17 {Holders 'Meeting).
"Hybrid Instruments and Construction Credits" means any o f the Group's preference shares, convertibles or construction credits (Sw. byggnadskreditiv) (outstanding from time to time), provided that interest paid thereunder is considered as dividend according to the Accounting Principles, and provided further that such interest payments or dividend payments are made in relation to a Project, are made to the applicable market interest rate and not made to any Affiliates not being a Group Company. "In-kind Preference Shares" means any preference share distributed to a shareholder as dividend as from the First Issue Date and on the same terms as Preference Shares existing on the First Issue Date. "Incurrence Test" is met if the Equity Ratio is at least twenty-five (25.00) per cent., to be calculated in accordance with the Calculation Principles.
"Initial Bond" means any Bond issued on the First Issue Date.
"Initial Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9.1 to 9.3.
"Interest Payment Date" means 19 February, 19 May, 19 August and 19 November each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an
4

application of the Business Day Convention (with the first Interest Payment Date on 19 August 2017 and the last Interest Payment Date being the Final Redemption Date).
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (but excluding) the First Issue Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant) and, in respect of Subsequent Bonds, each period beginning on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to their issuance and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means a floating rate of STIBOR (three (3) months) + seven and a half (7.50) per cent, per annum. Interest shall never be calculated as being an amount less than zero (0).
"Issuer" means ALM Equity AB (publ) (reg. no. 556549-1650), Regeringsgatan 59, 111 56, Stockholm, Sweden.
"Issuing Agent" means Nordea or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
"Main Shareholder" means Joakim Aim, his wife, or any of his direct heirs, by way of either (i) direct or indirect ownership of shares or (ii) shares held through a capital insurance (Sw. kapitalforsakring) controlled by such person.
"Maintenance Test" is met if the Equity Ratio is at least twenty (20.00) per cent.
"Make Whole Amount" means the higher of:
(a) one hundred one (101.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount; and
(b) an amount equal to:
(i) the present value on the relevant record date of one hundred three (103.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount as if such payment originally should have taken place on the First Call Date; and
(ii) the present value on the relevant record date of the remaining interest payments, (excluding accrued but unpaid interest up to the relevant redemption date) up to and including the First Call Date (assuming that the Interest Rate for the period from the relevant record date to the First Call Date will be equal to the Interest Rate in effect on the date on which notice of redemption is given to the Holders);
both present values under items (i) and (ii) above calculated by using a discount rate of fifty (50.00) basis points over the comparable Swedish Government Bond Rate (i.e. comparable to the remaining duration of the Bonds until the First Call Date).
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be
5

subject to trade on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other regulated or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (ii) the Issuer's ability to perform and comply with the undertakings set out in Clause 11 (Special undertakings), or (iii) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"Nasdaq Stockholm" means the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420-8394), 105 78 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Initial Bond Issue or any Subsequent Bond Issue which after deduction has been made for the Transaction Costs payable by the Issuer to the Sole Bookrunner (if the Sole Bookrunner has requested that their respective fees and costs shall be deducted).
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
"Nordea" means Nordea Bank AB (publ) (reg. no. 516406-0120), Smalandsgatan 17, 111 46 Stockholm, Sweden.
"Nyttobostader" means Svenska Nyttobostader AB (reg. no. 556950-2924), Regeringsgatan 59, 111 56 Stockholm Sweden.
"Nyttobostader Dividend" means a dividend from the Issuer of the Issuer's shareholdings in Nyttobostader.
"Outstanding Bond" means the Issuer's outstanding senior unsecured callable bond, issued on 18 March 2016 with ESIN SE0008014690.
"Permitted Preference Share Distributions" means any dividend related to Preference Shares.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity, whether or not having a separate legal personality.
"Preference Shares" means outstanding preference shares issued by the Issuer from time to time, provided that such preference shares are issued on an arm's length basis and on market terms (or better), including any In-kind Preference Shares.
"Project" means in the ordinary course of business of the Group (i) the acquisition of a real property, site-leasehold, other leasehold right or building or a company holding such assets (but not carrying out any other business in any material aspect or holding any other material assets) for the purpose of a subsequent development of residential buildings and/or other real estate, (ii) a construction and development of residential buildings and/or other building/real estate on a real property (as the case may be) and (iii) other activities relating to (i) and (ii).
6

"Project Entity" means any Subsidiary, joint-venture company, associated company (Sw. intressebolag), housing co-operative (Sw. bostadsrättsförening), partnership company (Sw. kommanditbolag), trading company (Sw. handelsbolag), economic association (Sw. ekonomisk förening) or any other legal entity where the Group holds or have held ownership interest and which manages Projects.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding. With reference to the Maintenance Test, the first Reference Date shall be 30 June 2017.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 11.1.1 (Distributions).
"Restricted Preference Share Distributions" means any repurchase or redemption related to Preference Shares.
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security interest securing any obligation of any person including guarantees, or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
"Sole Bookrunner" means Nordea.
"STIBOR" means:
(a) the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm's website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on
7

the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or
(b) if no such rate as set out in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant Interest Period, the rate calculated by the Issuing Agent (rounded upwards to four (4) decimal places) which results from interpolating on a linear basis between (i) the applicable screen rate for the longest period (for which that screen rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period and (ii) the applicable screen rate for the shortest period (for which that screen rate is available) which exceeds that Interest Period, as of or around 11 a.m. on the Quotation Date; or
(c) if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four (4) decimal places) as supplied to the Issuing Agent at its request quoted by leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the Issuing Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or
(d) if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the interest rate which according to the reasonable assessment of the Issuing Agent best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant period.
"Subordinated Loans" means (a) any Preference Shares or (b) any loan incurred by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, if such loan (i) according to its terms (or pursuant to a subordination agreement on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Agent), is subordinated to the obligations o f the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions, (ii) according to its terms have a final redemption date or, when applicable, early redemption dates or instalment dates which occur after the Final Redemption Date, and (iii) according to its terms yield only payment-in-kind interest.
"Subsequent Bond Issue" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.5.
"Subsequent Bonds" means any Bonds issued after the First Issue Date on one or more occasions.
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which a Person:
(a) has direct or indirect control; or
(b) owns directly or indirectly more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the share capital or other right of ownership.
"Swedish Government Bond Rate" means the yield to maturity at the time of computation of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office (a Swedish Government Bond; Sw. statsobligation) with a constant maturity (such yield to be the weekly average yield as officially compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that has become publicly available at least two (2) Business Days (but not more than five (5) Business Days) prior to the latest time according to the Terms and Conditions for issuing the notice for the redemption (or, if such financial statistics are not so published
8

1.2 1.2.1
1.2.2 1.2.3 1.2.4

or available, any publicly available source of similar market data selected by the Issuer in good faith)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to the First Call Date; provided, however, that if the period from the redemption date to the First Call Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a direct obligation of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office for which a weekly average yield is given, the Swedish Government Bond Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such redemption date to the First Call Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded direct obligations of Sweden, acting through the Swedish National Debt Office, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.
"Total Assets" means by reference to the consolidated balance sheet of the Group, the consolidated book-value of all assets of the Group.
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other taxies incurred by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with (i) the Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue and (ii) the listing of the Bonds.
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the Holders in accordance with Clause 18 ( Written Procedure).
Construction
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to:
(a) "assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
(b) any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time;
(c) a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department;
(d) a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and
(e) a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time.
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in SEK has been attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK for the previous Business Day, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead.
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.

9

1.2.5 2. 2.1
2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5
2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.

No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms and Conditions shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
THE AMOUNT OF THE BONDS AND UNDERTAKING TO MAKE PAYMENTS
The aggregate amount of the bond loan will be an amount of up to SEK 1,000,000,000 which will be represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK 1,000,000 or full multiples thereof (the "Nominal Amount"). The total nominal amount of the Initial Bonds is SEK 600,000,000 ("Initial Bond Issue").
All Initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of one hundred (100.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
The ISIN for the Bonds is SE0009806946.
The minimum permissible investment in connection with the Initial Bond Issue is SEK 1,000,000.
The Issuer may at one or more occasions after the First Issue Date issue Subsequent Bonds under these Terms and Conditions (each such issue a "Subsequent Bond Issue"), until the total amount under any and all such Subsequent Bond Issue and the Initial Bond Issue equals SEK 1,000,000,000, always provided that:
(a) the Incurrence Test is met (calculated pro forma including the Subsequent Bond Issue); and
(b) no Event of Default is continuing or would result from (i) the expiry of a grace period, giving of notice, making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing or (ii) the issue o f the Subsequent Bonds.
Any Subsequent Bonds shall be issued subject to these same Terms and Conditions. The price of Subsequent Bonds may be set at the Nominal Amount, at a discount or at a higher price than the Nominal Amount.
The Issuer undertakes to repay the Bonds, to pay Interest and to otherwise act in accordance and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
The Bonds are denominated in SEK and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions.
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to these Terms and Conditions and by acquiring Bonds each subsequent Holder confirms these Terms and Conditions.
STATUS OF THE BONDS
The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among them.

10

4.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The Net Proceeds of the Initial Bond Issue and any Subsequent Bond Issue shall be used towards (in no particular order of priority) (i) repayment (in part or in full) o f the outstanding loan under the Existing Acquisition Facility Agreement, (ii) repurchase of bonds under the loan for the Outstanding Bond, and (iii) for general corporate purposes o f the Group.

5.

THE BONDS AND TRANSFERABILITY

5.1

Each Holder is bound by these Terms and Conditions without there being any further actions

required to be taken or formalities to be complied with.

5.2

The Bonds are freely transferable. All Bond transfers are subject to these Terms and

Conditions and these Terms and Conditions are automatically applicable in relation to all

Bond transferees upon completed transfer.

5.3

Upon a transfer of Bonds, any rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions

relating to such Bonds are automatically transferred to the transferee.

5.4

No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public

offering of the Bonds or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other

material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where

action for that purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and observe, any

applicable restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Bonds, (due to,

e.g., its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of business). Each

Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense.

5.5

For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the above, a Holder which allegedly has

purchased Bonds in contradiction to mandatory restrictions applicable may nevertheless

utilise its voting rights under these Terms and Conditions and shall be entitled to exercise its

M l rights as a Holder hereunder in each case until such allegations have been resolved.

6.

BONDS IN BOOK-ENTRY FORM

6.1

The Bonds will be registered for the Holders on their respective Securities Accounts and no

physical Bonds will be issued. Accordingly, the Bonds will be registered in accordance with

the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. Registration

requests relating to the Bonds shall be directed to an Account Operator.

6.2

Those who according to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and

Parents Code (Sw. foraldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or

otherwise have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Bond shall register their

entitlements to receive payment in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and

Financial Instruments Accounts Act.

6.3

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall be

entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in

respect of the Bonds. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such

information and provide it to the Agent.

11

6.4

For the purpose of or in connection with any Holders' Meeting or any Written Procedure, the

Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by the CSD

in respect of the Bonds. If the Agent does not otherwise obtain information from such debt

register as contemplated under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing Agent shall at the

request of the Agent obtain information from the debt register and provide it to the Agent.

6.5

The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons employed by the

Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to independently obtain

information directly from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds. The

Issuer may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless

consent thereto is given by the Holders.

6.6

At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly instruct the Issuing Agent to obtain

information from the debt register kept by the CSD in respect of the Bonds and provide it to

the Agent.

6.7

The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) may use

the information referred to in Clause 6.3 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties

and exercising their rights in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and shall not

disclose such information to any Holder or third party unless necessary for such purposes.

7.

RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A HOLDER

7.1

If any Person other than a Holder wishes to exercise any rights under these Terms and

Conditions, it must obtain a power of attorney (or, if applicable, a coherent chain of powers

o f attorney), a certificate from the authorised nominee or other sufficient proof of

authorisation for such Person.

7.2

A Holder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in

relation to some or all of the Bonds held by it. Any such representative may act

independently under these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Bonds for which such

representative is entitled to represent the Holder and may further delegate its right to

represent the Holder by way of a further power of attorney.

7.3

The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clauses 7.1 and 7.2 and may assume

that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in

full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face.

8.

PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF THE BONDS

8.1

Any payment or repayment under these Terms and Conditions, or any amount due in respect

of a repurchase of any Bonds, shall be made to such Person who is registered as a Holder on

the Record Date prior to the relevant payment date, or to such other Person who is registered

with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or

repurchase amount.

8.2

If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, Interest and any

other payment that shall be made under these Terms and Conditions shall be deposited in a

12

certain bank account; such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid to the Persons who are registered as Holders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed.

8.3

If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such

payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall

accrue in accordance with Clause 9.4 during such postponement.

8.4

If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer and the CSD

shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such

payment was made to a Person not entitled to receive such amount.

8.5

The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the

Initial Bond Issue or a Subsequent Bond Issue, but not in respect of trading in the secondary

market (except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any

applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to

reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under these Terms and

Conditions by virtue of any withholding tax.

9.

INTEREST

9.1

The Bonds will bear Interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but

excluding, the First Issue Date up to and including the relevant Redemption Date. Any

Subsequent Bond will, however, carry Interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the

Interest Payment Date falling immediately prior to its issuance up to and including the

relevant Redemption Date.

9.2

Interest accrues during an Interest Period. Payment of Interest in respect of the Bonds shall

be made quarterly in arrears to the Holders on each Interest Payment Date for the preceding

Interest Period.

9.3

Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in

respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

9.4

If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its

due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from, but excluding, the due

date up to and including the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred

(200.00) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be

capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to

the Agent or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.

13

10. 10.1
10.2 10.3 10.3.1
10.3.2
10.4 10.4.1
10.4.2

REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE BONDS
Redemption at maturity
The Issuer shall redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on the Final Redemption Date (or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day and if permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations, on the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention, and otherwise on the first following Business Day) with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
The Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may at any time purchase Bonds. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
Provided that the Outstanding Bonds have been redeemed in full, the Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Provided that the Outstanding Bonds have been redeemed in full, the Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all or only some of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of sixty (60) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 11.12.1. The sixty (60) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 11.12.1 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount
14

10.4.3 10.4.4 11. 11.1 11.1.1
11.1.2

shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 11.12.1. The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end o f the period referred to in Clause 10.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 10.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 10.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be disposed of in accordance with Clause 10.2 (The Issuer's purchase o fBonds).
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 11.
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, (i) pay any dividend on its shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay any Subordinated Loans or capitalized or accrued interest thereunder, or (v) make any other similar distribution or transfers of value to the direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, or any Affiliates of the Issuer ((i)-(v) each being a "Restricted Payment", provided however that any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment; by any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to another Group Company and, if made by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis.
Notwithstanding the above set in Clause 11.1.1, a Restricted Payment may be made by a Group Company, if at the time of the payment no Event of Default is continuing and:
(a) if, at the time of the payment, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments and Restricted Preference Share Distributions of the Group in any fiscal year (including the Restricted Payment in question but not including Restricted Payments pursuant to (b), (c), (d) and (e) below) does not exceed fifty (50.00) per cent, of the Group's consolidated net profit for the previous fiscal year, provided that the Incurrence Test is fulfilled (calculated on a proform a basis including the relevant Restricted Payment); or
(b) such Restricted Payment consists of a Permitted Preference Share Distributions; or
(c) such Restricted Payment constitutes a distribution of In-kind Preference Shares, provided that the Incurrence Test is fulfilled, (calculated on a pro forma basis including the Restricted Payment in question); or

15

(d) such Restricted Payment constitutes a Nyttobostader Dividend, provided that the Incurrence Test is fulfilled (calculated on a pro forma basis including the Nyttobostader Dividend); or

(e) such Restricted Payment constitutes: (i) an unconditional shareholder contribution made to a Project Entity, if based on an agreement entered into on arm's length terms, or (ii) interest or dividend paid from a Subsidiary of the Issuer or a Project Entity in relation to Hybrid Instruments and Construction Credits.

11.2

Listing of Bonds

The Issuer shall ensure that the Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue are listed on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm not later than three (3) months after the First Issue Date and shall take all measures required to ensure that the Bonds issued in the Initial Bond Issue (and any Bonds issued in a Subsequent Bond Issue as applicable), once listed on Nasdaq Stockholm, continue being listed on Nasdaq Stockholm for as long as any Bond is outstanding (however, taking into account the mles and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm and the CSD (as amended from time to time) preventing trading in the Bonds in close connection to the redemption of the Bonds) and (ii) that, upon any Subsequent Bond Issue, the volume of Bonds listed on Nasdaq Stockholm promptly, but not later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the relevant date on which such Subsequent Bond Issue is made is increased accordingly.

11.3

Nature of business

The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the business carried on by the Group as of the First Issue Date.

11.4

Market Loans

The Issuer shall not issue any Market Loans with scheduled or intended redemption, in full or in part, before the Final Redemption Date or create or permit to subsist any Security in respect of any Market Loans including any Market Loans issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer. The Issuer may not, as from the First Issue Date, issue any subsequent bonds under the Outstanding Bond.

11.5

Maintenance Test

The Issuer shall ensure that the Maintenance Test is met for as long as any Bond is outstanding. The Maintenance Test shall be tested quarterly on the basis of the interim Financial Report for the period covered by the relevant Reference Date on the basis of the Compliance Certificate delivered in connection therewith. The first test date for the Maintenance Test shall be 30 June 2017.

11.6

Loans out

The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide any loan to any party other than to another Group Company or a Project Entity or any associated company (Sw. intressebolag) in the ordinary course of business, in addition the Issuer or any of its

16

11.7
11.8 11.9 11.10
11.11

Subsidiaries shall also be permitted to provide loans to an external party if such loan is provided: (i) on market terms or better, (ii) in relation to a Project and (iii) in the ordinary course of business.
Disposals of assets
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, sell or otherwise dispose of shares in any of its Subsidiaries or of all or substantially all of its or that Subsidiary's assets, or operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the transaction is carried out on market terms and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer shall only be obliged to notify the Agent of any such transaction if such transaction is not within the ordinary course of business and, if not within the ordinary course of business the Issuer shall upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with any information relating to the transaction which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably). The Issuer shall notify the Agent of such transaction in accordance with Clause 11. 12.2 .
Dealings with related parties
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries will, conduct all dealings with the direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms.
Insurance
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that all other Group Companies and Project Entities keep the properties insured to an extent which is customary for similar properties on the relevant geographical market with one or more reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall inter alia include full value insurance and third party liability insurances.
Project undertakings
The Issuer shall ensure that:
(a) the majority of the Projects (in relation to square meter) are carried out within the Greater Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö and the Mälardalen region;
(b) the majority of all Projects (in relation to square meter) are carried out for the purpose o f building residential properties; and
(c) no Project Entity commences the construction of a Project unless, on a Group level, the relevant apartments, houses or any other form of applicable housing in relation to all Projects (including the Project in question) have been either sold or rented out (as applicable) to a third party (including Nyttobostäder provided that it has been made on market terms or better and provided that the Nyttobostäder financing has been obtained externally) to at least sixty (60.00) per cent, in the aggregate.
Compliance with laws etcetera
17

The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or First North Stockholm on which the Issuer's securities from time to time are listed, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company.

11.12 Financial reporting etcetera

11.12.1 The Issuer shall:

(a) prepare and make available the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than four (4) months after the expiry of each financial year;

(b) prepare and make available the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors, on its website not later than two (2) months after the expiry of each relevant interim period;

(c) issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent in connection with publishing a Financial Report and in connection with the incurrence of a Subsequent Bond Issue or a Restricted Payment (that requires that the Incurrence Test is met);
(d) keep the latest version of the Terms and Conditions available on the website of the Group;
(e) promptly notify the Agent (and, as regards a Change of Control Event, or a De-listing Event the Holders) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of (i) the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event or (ii) that an Event of Default has occurred, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as the Agent may request (acting reasonably) following receipt of such notice;
(f) prepare the Financial Reports in accordance with the Accounting Principles and make them available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other Regulated Market, as applicable) (as amended from time to time) and the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time); and

11.12.2

(g) provide any other information to the Agent required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) (as amended from time to time) and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm.
The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction which is not within the ordinary course of business as referred to in Clause 11.7 (Disposals o f assets) and the Issuer shall, upon request by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to such transaction

18

11.13 11.13.1

which the Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a determination from the Issuer which states whether the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an arm's length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) above.
Agent Agreement
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agent Agreement:

11.13.2 11.14

(a) pay fees to the Agent;
(b) indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities;
(c) furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and
(d) not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the Agent Agreement.
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agent Agreement without the prior consent of the Holders if the amendment would be detrimental to the interests of the Holders.
CSD related undertakings
The Issuer shall keep the Bonds affiliated with a CSD and comply with all CSD regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time.

12.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE FIRST ISSUE DATE

The Issuer shall provide the Agent, prior to the First Issue date with the following: (a) copies of constitutional documents of the Issuer; and (b) copies of necessary corporate resolutions (including authorisations) from the Issuer.

13.

CONDITIONS SUBSEQUENT

The Issuer shall, provided that the loan under the Existing Acquisition Facility Agreement has been fully repaid, as soon as practically possible thereafter provide evidence to the Agent that the Security provided thereunder has been released.

14.

TERMINATION OF THE BONDS

14.1

The Agent is entitled to, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders)

representing at least fifty (50.00) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such demand

19

may only be validly made by a Person who is a Holder on the second Business Day following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly) or following an instruction or decision pursuant to Clause 14.6 or 14.7, on behalf of the Holders, terminate the Bonds and to declare all, but not only some, of the Bonds due for payment immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines (such later date not falling later than twenty (20) Business Days from the date on which the Agent made such declaration), if:
(a) Non-payment: The Issuer fails to pay an amount on the date it is due in accordance with the Finance Documents unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days o f the due date;
(b) Other obligations: The Issuer does not comply with the Finance Documents, in any other way than as set out under (a) above, unless the non-compliance (i) is capable of being remedied and (ii) is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of the Agent giving notice and the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance (if the failure or violation is not capable of being remedied, the Agent may declare the Bonds payable without such prior written request);
(c) Cross-acceleration: Any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), provided that no Event of Default will occur under this paragraph (c) of Clause 14.1 if the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than SEK 10,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to a Group Company;
(d) Insolvency:
(i) The Issuer is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is declared to be unable to pay its debts under applicable law, suspends making payments on its debts generally or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences negotiations with its creditors with a view to rescheduling its Financial Indebtedness; or
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the Financial Indebtedness o f the Issuer;
(e) Insolvency proceedings:
(i) Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedures are taken (other than (i) proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) calendar days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it is advertised and (ii), in relation to the Issuer's Subsidiaries, solvent liquidations) in relation to:
(ii) the suspension of payments, winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary agreement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Issuer; and
20

(iii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer or any of its assets or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction;

(I) Mergers and demergers: A decision is made that the Issuer shall be demerged or merged where the Issuer is not the surviving entity and provided that the Issuer may not be demerged;

(g) Creditors' process: Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of the Issuer having an aggregate value of an amount equal to or exceeding SEK 10,000,000 and is not discharged within sixty (60) calendar days;

(h) Group Company default: If, at the time of providing a Financial Report in accordance with paragraph (b) of Clause 11.12.1 it is evident that:

(i) an event has occurred as described in paragraphs (d), (e) or (g) above in relation to a Group Company (other than the Issuer); or

(ii) Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company (other than the Issuer) has not been paid when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or has been declared to be due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described) (such Group Company in paragraph (i) and (ii) a "Defaulting Group Company"); and

(iii) provided (in relation to (i) and (ii) above) that the Issuer or any other Group Company has invested Equity and/or provided any loans in such Defaulting Group Company and/or the Issuer or any other Group Company has provided Security for the benefit of such Defaulting Group Company which has been enforced and, together with any other such events described in paragraph (i) of Clause 14.1 in the Relevant Period, the invested Equity, the down-streamed loans (if any) and/or the Security enforced constitute in aggregate ten (10.00) per cent, of the Group's total Equity as per the last day of the Relevant Period;

(i) impossibility or illegality: It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the provisions of the Finance Documents or if the obligations under the Finance Documents are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or

(j) Continuation of the business: The Issuer ceases to carry on its business.

14.2

The Agent may not terminate the Bonds in accordance with Clause 14.1 by reference to a

specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided, in accordance

with these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or

permanently). However, if a moratorium occurs, the ending of that moratorium will not

prevent termination for payment prematurely on the ground mentioned under paragraph (e)

of Clause 14.1.

21

14.3

If the right to terminate the Bonds is based upon a decision of a court of law or a government

authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law or that the

period of appeal has expired in order for cause o f termination to be deemed to exist.

14.4

The Issuer is obliged to inform the Agent immediately if any circumstance of the type

specified in Clause 14.1 should occur. Should the Agent not receive such information, the

Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur,

provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. The Agent is under

no obligations to make any investigations relating to the circumstances specified in

Clause 14.1. The Issuer shall further, at the request of the Agent, provide the Agent with

details of any circumstances referred to in Clause 14.1 and provide the Agent with all

documents that may be of significance for the application o f this Clause 14.

14.5

The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to Clause 14.4 if informing the

Agent would not conflict with any statute or the Issuer's registration contract with First

North Stockholm or Nasdaq Stockholm (as applicable). If such a conflict would exist

pursuant to the listing contract with First North Stockholm, Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise,

the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek the approval from First North Stockholm

or Nasdaq Stockholm or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non

disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent

according to Clause 14.4.

14.6

If the Agent has been notified by the Issuer or has otherwise determined that there is a

default under these Terms and Conditions according to Clause 14.1, the Agent shall (i)

notify, within five (5) Business Days of the day of notification or determination, the Holders

of the default and (ii) decide, within twenty (20) Business Days of the day of notification or

determination, if the Bonds shall be declared terminated. If the Agent has decided not to

terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that

there exists a right of termination and obtain instructions from the Holders according to the

provisions in Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders). If the Holders vote in favour of termination

and instruct the Agent to terminate the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds

terminated. However, if the cause for termination according to the Agent's appraisal has

ceased before the termination, the Agent shall not terminate the Bonds. The Agent shall in

such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the cause for termination has

ceased. The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to consider whether an

occurred event constitutes an Event of Default.

14.7

If the Holders, without any prior initiative to decision from the Agent or the Issuer, have

made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders),

the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Agent is however not liable to

take action if the Agent considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the

instructing Holders agree in writing to indemnify and hold the Agent harmless from any loss

or liability and, if requested by the Agent in its discretion, grant sufficient security for such

indemnity.

22

14.8 14.9 14.10 15. 15.1
15.2 15.3

If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with the provisions in this Clause 14, the Agent shall take every reasonable measure necessary to recover the amounts outstanding under the Bonds.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Clause 14 without relevant decision by the Agent or following instructions from the Holders' pursuant to Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders).
If the Bonds are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clausel4, the Issuer shall redeem all Bonds with an amount per Bond together with a premium on the due and payable amount as set forth in the Call Option Amount for the relevant period and, shall for the non call period (until the First Call Date) be the price set out in paragraph (a) of the Call Option Amount definition (plus accrued and unpaid Interest).
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS
If the Bonds have been declared due and payable in accordance with Clause 14 (Termination o f the Bonds), all payments by the Issuer relating to the Bonds shall be distributed in the following order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent:
(a) first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the Bonds or the protection of the Holders' rights, (iii) any non-reimbursed costs incurred by the Agent for external experts, and (iv) any non-reimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure;
(b) secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Bonds (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date);
(c) thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Bonds; and
(d) fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts unpaid under the Finance Documents.
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Holders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a corresponding reduction of principal.
If a Holder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to in Clause 15.1, such Holder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 15.1.
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the termination of the Bonds constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Escrow Funds Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interestbearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall
23

arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 15 as soon as reasonably practicable.

15.4

If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 15, the Issuer or the

Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15)

Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the

payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due

but unpaid the Record Date specified in Clause 8.1 shall apply.

16.

DECISIONS BY HOLDERS

16.1

A request by the Agent for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and

Conditions shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way

of a Written Procedure.

16.2

Any request from the Issuer or a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00)

per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount (such request may only be validly made by a

Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the

request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them

jointly) for a decision by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions

shall be directed to the Agent and dealt with at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written

Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may suggest the

form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is

dealt with at a Holders' Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at

a Holders' Meeting.

16.3

The Agent may refrain from convening a Holders' Meeting or instigating a Written

Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person in addition to the

Holders and such Person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or

(ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws.

16.4

Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of

authorisation pursuant to Clause 7 (Right to act on behalfo f a Holder) from a Person who is,

registered as a Holder:

(a) on the Record Date prior to the date of the Holders' Meeting, in respect of a Holders' Meeting, or

(b) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 18.3, in respect of a Written Procedure,

may exercise voting rights as a Holder at such Holders' Meeting or in such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Bonds are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount.

24

16.5
16.6 16.7 16.8 16.9 16.10 16.11

The following matters shall require consent of Holders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18.3:
(a) waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 11 {Special undertakings)-,
(b) a mandatory exchange of Bonds for other securities;
(c) reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer;
(d) amend any payment day for principal or Interest or waive any breach of a payment undertaking; or
(e) amend the provisions in this Clause 16.5 or 16.6
Any matter not covered by Clause 16.5 shall require the consent of Holders representing more than fifty (50.00) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Holders are voting at a Holders' Meeting or for which Holders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 18.3. This includes, but is not limited to, any amendment to or waiver of these Terms and Conditions that does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver permitted pursuant to Clause 19.1 (a), (b) or (c)) or a termination of the Bonds.
Quorum at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Holder (or Holders) representing at least twenty (20.00) per cent, o f the Adjusted Nominal Amount:
(a) if at a Holders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear through duly authorised representatives); or
(b) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.
If a quorum does not exist at a Holders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Holders' Meeting (in accordance with Clause 17.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 18.1), as the case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure for Holders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 16.7 shall not apply to such second Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure.
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer or the Agent, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer or the Agent, under these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer's or the Agent's consent, as appropriate.
A Holder holding more than one Bond need not use all its votes or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its votes only.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the benefit of any Holder for or as inducement to any consent under these Terms and Conditions, unless such consideration is offered to all Holders that consent at the relevant Holders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the

25

16.12 16.13 16.14
16.15
17. 17.1 17.2 17.3

consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case may be.
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Holders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure is binding on all Holders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Holders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Holders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Holders.
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a Holders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.
If a decision shall be taken by the Holders on a matter relating to these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the number of Bonds owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such Bonds. The Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to determine whether a Bond is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a Group Company.
Information about decisions taken at a Holders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Holders and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Holders' Meeting or Written Procedure shall at the request of a Holder be sent to it by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
HOLDERS' MEETING
The Agent shall convene a Holders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Holder no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). If the Holders' Meeting has been requested by the Holder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer.
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1 with a copy to the Agent. After a request from the Holders pursuant to Clause 20.4.3, the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Holders' Meeting in accordance with Clause 17.1.
The notice pursuant to Clause 17.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Holders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Holders' Meeting. Should prior notification by the Holders be required in order to attend the Holders' Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice.

26

17.4

The Holders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than

twenty (20) Business Days from the notice.

17.5

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' Meeting

within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may

convene the Holders' Meeting itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall

upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the

register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Holders' Meeting has been appointed

by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person appointed by the requesting Person.

17.6

At a Holders' Meeting, the Issuer, the Holders (or the Holders' representatives/proxies) and

the Agent may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and assistants.

Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other officials of the Issuer and

the Issuer's auditors may attend the Holders' Meeting. The Holders' Meeting may decide

that further individuals may attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Holders'

Meeting instead of the Holder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy

or other document establishing its authority to represent the Holder.

17.7

Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may prescribe such

further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Holders' Meeting as the Agent

may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for Holders to vote

without attending the meeting in person.

18.

WRITTEN PROCEDURE

18.1

The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after

receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Holder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary

for technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such Person

who is registered as a Holder on the Business Day prior to the date on which the

communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Holder(s), the

Agent shall send a copy of the communication to the Issuer.

18.2

Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance

with Clause 18.1 to each Holder with a copy to the Agent.

18.3

A communication pursuant to Clause 18.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the

Holders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business

Day on which a Person must be registered as a Holder in order to be entitled to exercise

voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the

communication pursuant to Clause 18.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive

a form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each

request) as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within

which the Holder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business

Days but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to

Clause 18.1). If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be

included in the communication.

27

18.4 18.5 19. 19.1
19.2 19.3
19.4 20. 20.1 20. 1.1

If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting Person is a Holder, the Issuer shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD.
When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount pursuant to Clause 16.5 and 16.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 16.5 or 16.6, as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Holders) may agree to amend these Terms and Conditions or waive any provision in these Terms and Conditions, provided that:
(a) such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the interest of the Holders, or is made solely for the purpose o f rectifying obvious errors and mistakes;
(b) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority;
(c) such amendment or waiver is necessary for the purpose of listing the Bonds on the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (as applicable), provided such amendment or waiver does not materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders; or
(d) such amendment or waiver has been duly approved by the Holders in accordance with Clause 16 (Decisions by Holders).
The consent of the Holders is not necessary to approve the particular form of any amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the amendment or waiver.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 19.1, setting out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective, and ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are available on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to these Terms and Conditions are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or authority.
An amendment or waiver to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on the date determined by the Holders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT
Appointment of Agent
By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Holder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all matters relating to the Bonds and these Terms and Conditions, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically
28

20. 1.2
20.1.3 20.1.4 20.1.5 20.2 20.2.1
2 0 .2.2
20.2.3
20.2.4

required by these Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Bonds held by such Holder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Holder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf.
Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Agent provide the Agent with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), as the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request.
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement, and the Agent's obligations as agent under these Terms and Conditions are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications.
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
Duties of the Agent
The Agent shall represent the Holders in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution or enforceability of these Terms and Conditions. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions (including any document amending these Terms and Conditions) available on the website of the Agent.
Upon request by a Holder, the Agent shall promptly distribute to the Holders any information from such Holder which relates to the Bonds (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Holder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent shall upon request by a Holder disclose the identity of any other Holder who has consented to the Agent in doing so.
When acting in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Holders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent shall treat all Holders equally and, when acting pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, act with regard only to the interests of the Holders and shall not be required to
29

20.2.5 20.2.6
20.2.7 20.2.8 20.2.9
20.2.10 20.3 20.3.1

have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other than as explicitly stated in these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement.
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Holders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Bonds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of the Holders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing.
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) for the purpose of investigating or considering an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or a matter relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions or (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under these Terms and Conditions. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds).
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation.
If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Holders, or talcing any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or adequate security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require.
The Agent shall give a notice to the Holders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations under these Terms and Conditions by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms and Conditions or the Agent Agreement, or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 20.2.9.
Limited liability for the Agent
The Agent will not be liable to the Holders for damage or loss caused by any action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss.

30

20.3.2 20.3.3 20.3.4 20.3.5 20.4 20.4.1 20.4.2 20.4.3
20.4.4

The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Holders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Holders.
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions to be paid by the Agent to the Holders, provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used by the Agent for that purpose.
The Agent shall have no liability to the Holders for damage caused by the Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Holders given in accordance with Clause 16 {Decisions by Holders).
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, these Terms and Conditions shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions.
Replacement of the Agent
Subject to Clause 20.4.6, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the Issuer and the Holders, in which case the Holders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Holders' Meeting convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent.
Subject to Clause 20.4.6, if the Agent is insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.
A Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10.00) per cent, of the Adjusted Nominal Amount may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Holders, be given by them jointly), require that a Holders' Meeting is held for the purpose o f dismissing the Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Holders' Meeting convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Holders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed.
If the Holders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) calendar days after (i) the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Holders, the Issuer shall appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances.

31

20.4.5 20.4.6 20.4.7
20.4.8
21. 21.1 21.2
22. 22.1 22.2

The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under these Terms and Conditions.
The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent.
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect o f these Terms and Conditions but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 20.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Agent Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE ISSUING AGENT
The Issuer appoints the Issuing Agent to manage certain specified tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the CSD and relating to the Bonds.
The Issuing Agent may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has approved that a commercial bank or securities institution approved by the CSD accedes as new Issuing Agent at the same time as the old Issuing Agent retires or is dismissed. If the Issuing Agent is insolvent, the Issuer shall immediately appoint a new Issuing Agent, which shall replace the old Issuing Agent as issuing agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE CSD
The Issuer has appointed the CSD to manage certain tasks under these Terms and Conditions and in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to the CSD.
The CSD may retire from its assignment or be dismissed by the Issuer, provided that the Issuer has effectively appointed a replacement CSD that accedes as CSD at the same time as the old CSD retires or is dismissed and provided also that the replacement does not have a negative effect on any Holder or the listing of the Bonds listed on First North Stockholm or the corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm. The replacing CSD must be authorised to
32

professionally conduct clearing operations pursuant to the Swedish Securities Market Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om vardepappersmarknaden).

23.

NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY HOLDERS

23.1

A Holder may not take any action or any legal steps whatsoever against the Issuer or any of

its Subsidiaries to enforce or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms

and Conditions, or to initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation,

company reorganisation (Sw.foretagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its

equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in relation to any

of the liabilities of the Issuer under these Terms and Conditions. Such steps may only be

taken by the Agent.

23.2

Clause 23.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Holders in accordance

with these Terms and Conditions to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, or is

unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Holder to provide documents in

accordance with Clause 20.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such

failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by

the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under these Terms

and Conditions or the Agent Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 20.2.9, such

failure must continue for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause

20.2.10 before a Holder may take any action referred to in Clause 23.1.

23.3

The provisions of Clause 23.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Holder's right to

claim and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 10.4 (Mandatory repurchase

due to a Change o f Control Event or a De-listing Event (put optionJ) or other payments

which are due by the Issuer to some but not all Holders.

24.

TIME-BAR

24.1

The right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds shall be time-barred and

become void ten (10) years from the relevant Redemption Date. The right to receive

payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become

void three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any

funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Holders' right to receive payment has

been time-barred and has become void.

24.2

If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations

(Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten (10) years with respect to

the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Bonds, and of three (3) years with

respect to the right to receive payment of Interest (excluding capitalised Interest) will

commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the time-bar period, as

such date is determined pursuant to the provisions o f the Swedish Act on Limitations.

33

25. 25.1 25.1.1
25.1.2
25.1.3 25.2 25.2.1 25.2.2

NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES
Notices
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions:
(a) if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;
(b) if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the Agent, to such email address as notified by the Issuer to the Agent from time to time; and
(c) if to the Holders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery or letter for all Holders. A notice to the Holders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent.
Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address specified in Clause 25.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 25.1.1.
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.
Press releases
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Holders pursuant to Clauses 10.4, 11.12.1 (e), 14.6, 15.4, 16.15, 17.1, 18.1, 19.3, 20.2.10 and 20.4.1 shall also be published by way o f press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable.
In addition to Clause 25.2.1, if any information relating to the Bonds, the Issuer or the Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Holders under these Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the Holders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the Holders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release.

34

26.

FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

26.1

Neither the Agent nor the Issuing Agent shall be held responsible for any damage arising out

of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout,

boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The

reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent

or the Issuing Agent itself takes such measures, or is subject to such measures.

26.2

The Issuing Agent shall have no liability to the Holders if it has observed reasonable care.

The Issuing Agent shall never be responsible for indirect damage with exception of gross

negligence and wilful misconduct.

26.3

Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Agent from

taking any action required to comply with these Terms and Conditions, such action may be

postponed until the obstacle has been removed.

26.4

The provisions in this Clause 26 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the

Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act which provisions

shall take precedence.

27.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

27.1

These Terms and Conditions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in

connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of

Sweden.

27.2

Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall, subject to

Clause 27.3, be determined by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be

the court of first instance.

27.3

The submission to the jurisdiction of the Swedish courts shall not limit, the right of the

Agent (or the Holders, as applicable) to take proceedings against the Issuer in any court

which may otherwise exercise jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its assets.

35

We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves.

Place:

K I1

ALM EQUITY AB (PUBL) as Issuer

Name:

A

We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Teims and Conditions to the extent they refer to us.

Place:

v iA A ulV v-^

NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) as Agent

iNtøpistotfeir Andersson VD/CEO

36

