Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless it is explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions and the Holders potential to start actions on behalf of the Holders is set out in these Terms and Conditions.
13.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) The Agent is entitled, and shall following a demand in writing from a Holder (or Holders) representing at least ten (10) per cent, of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount (such demand may only be validly made by a person who is a Holder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Holders, be made by them jointly), on behalf of the Holders, call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the Total Nominal Amount may demand from the Agent that such call is made.
(b) A demand by a Holder (or Holders) in accordance with Condition 13.2 (a) shall be made in writing to the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, rules or regulations or cannot be implemented due to technical restrictions at the CSD or the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm Exchange or (iii) it is clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
(c) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote, in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form for the Holders to participate at the meeting by proxy or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(d) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder included in the definition of Adjusted Total Nominal Amount is entitled to vote. Each Bond shall entitle its Holder to one vote. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders and an authorised nominee in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) may vote differently for different underlying accountholders. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Adjusted Total Nominal Amount for the Bonds.
11
(e) In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority'):
(i) two thirds when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Condition 11 (Special undertakings) is waived, (2) change of Agent upon demand by the Company or the Holders, (3) amendment of a condition in these Terms and Conditions, subject to (ii) below; or
