13.3.7 Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the Finance Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of these Terms and Conditions and remain liable under these Terms and Conditions in respect of any action which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Company and each of the Holders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under these Terms and Conditions as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent.
13
obligations under these Terms and Conditions. Unless the Company and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.
13.4 Remuneration for the Agent
The Agent is entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Agent, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent, the Agent is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Agent shall make the arrangements stated in Condition 12.6 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders. If the Agent notifies the Holders that it will not take further actions each Holder may independently represent its holding of Bonds against the Company without having to observe the provisions in Conditions 12 (Acceleration of the Bonds) and 13.1 (General).
13.5 Funds received by the Agent
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of the Bonds constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-bearing account on behalf of the Holders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds to the relevant person(s) as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt thereof.
14 Amendments of the conditions
14.1 The Agent may, on account of the Holders, agree with the Company to amend these Terms and Conditions if such amendment does not limit the obligation of the Company to pay amounts of principal or interest or in any other way, in the Agents discretion, may adversely affect the interests of the Holders, materially or that the amendment is solely made in purpose to rectify obvious errors and mistakes in these Terms and Conditions. Subject to requisite decision of the Holders in accordance with Condition 13 (The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.), the Agent may also agree with the Company regarding other amendments.
