16.1.2 If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Condition 16.2 (Payments after an acceleration), the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Holders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date specified in Condition 7.2 (Payments of principal and interest) shall apply.
17.1 Notices from the Company or the Agent shall be given to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD. In addition to this, notice may be given by advertisement in a nationwide Swedish newspaper (any of Dagens Industri, Dagens Nyheter or Svenska Dagbladet) or at the Company's website with the notice in its entirety or with reference to where the notice in its entirety is available.
17.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company shall be given to the Company with a copy to the Agent at their registered addresses.
18 Nominee registration
In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions, subject to the provisions regarding voting rights of the Holders in Condition 13.2 (Holders' meeting and procedure in writing) .
15
19 Limitation of liability etc. 19.1 The Agent, the Issuing Agent and the CSD shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish
or foreign enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the CSD would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 19.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Condition 13 {The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.). This shall also apply to the Agent or an affiliate of the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company. 19.3 Damage caused in any other event will not be indemnified by the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the CSD unless the damage is caused by negligence. In no event will indemnification be made for indirect damage. 19.4 Should the Agent, the Issuing Agent or the CSD be prevented from performing their obligations due to the circumstances mentioned in Condition 19.1 above, performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such events. 19.5 The provisions in this Condition 19 (Limitation of liability etc.) apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) which provisions shall take precedence. 20 Governing law and jurisdiction 20.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. 20.2 Any dispute or claim arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions shall be determined by Swedish courts, with the District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) to be the court of first instance.
We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon the Company. 17 June 2013
