KGH Customs AB (publ)
Prospectus regarding listing of SEK 400,000,000 9% Bonds 2012/2015
7 March 2013
1
Important information
This prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared by KGH Customs AB (publ) (the "Company") in relation to the application for listing o f the Company's SEK 400,000,000 9% Bonds 2012/2015 (the "Bonds") at the corporate bond list on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm ("Nasdaq OMX Stockholm "). References to KGH Customs or the Group refer in this Prospectus to KGH Customs AB (publ) and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated by the context. Pareto Öhman AB has acted asfinancial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of the Bonds.
The Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations in the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel medfinansiella instrument) and Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 o f 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC o f the European Parliament and o f the Council. The Prospectus has been approved by and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with the provisions in Chapter 2, Section 25 and 26 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. It should be noted that such approval and such registration does not constitute any guarantee from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority that the information in the Prospectus is accurate or complete.
This Prospectus is not an offerfor sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the Bonds in anyjurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose o f listing the Bonds on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm. This Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal require additional prospectus, registration or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or persons who acquire the Bonds are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exemptions, the Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States o fAmerica or to, orfor the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
The Prospectus will be available at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's web site (www.fi.se) and the Company's web site (www.kghcustoms.com). Paper copies may be obtainedfrom the Company.
