Amended or new legislation
Risks related to early redemption
The Company has, under the terms and conditions for the Bonds, reserved the possibility to redeem all outstanding Bonds before the final redemption date. If the Bonds are redeemed before the final redemption date, the holders have the right to receive an early redemption amount which exceeds the nominal amount. However, there is a risk that the market value of the Bonds is higher than the early redemption amount.
8
Responsible for the information in the Prospectus
The Company issued the bond loan referred to in this Prospectus on 22 May 2012. The Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of listing the Bonds at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm and in accordance with the Commission Regulation (EC) no 809/2004 of 29 April 2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and the rules and regulations in Chapter 2 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act.
The Company is responsible for the contents of this Prospectus. The Company hereby assures that the Company has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information in the Prospectus, to the best of the Company's knowledge, is in accordance with the actual conditions and that no information has been omitted which may distort the picture of the Company. The information in the Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference which derive from third parties has, as far as the Company knows and can judge on basis of other information made public by the respective third party, been correctly represented and no information has been omitted which may serve to render the information misleading or incorrect.
The Board of Directors is responsible for the contents of this Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The Board of Directors hereby assures that the Board of Directors has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information in the Prospectus, to the best of the Board of Directors' knowledge, is in accordance with the actual conditions and that no information has been omitted which may distort the picture of the Company.
Stockholm, 7 March 2013
