Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated (determined by the Group's management as equivalent to its operating segments) are tested for impairment at least annually. All other individual assets or cash-generating units are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Financial instruments Recognition, initial measurement and de-recognition Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted by transactions costs, except for those carried at fair value through profit or loss which are measured initially at fair value. Subsequent measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities are described below. Financial assets are derecognized when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when the financial asset and all substantial risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognized when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.
Loans and receivables Loans and account receivables, which are in all material respect, the Group's financial assets are financial assets that are not derivatives, with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active marked. After initial recognition, these are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. Discounting is omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial. The Group's cash equivalents, account receivables and most other receivables fall into this category of financial instruments. Individually significant receivables are considered for impairment when they are past due or when other objective evidence is received that a specific counterparty will default. Receivables that are not considered to be individually impaired are reviewed for impairment in groups, which are determined by
70
reference to the industry and region of the counterparty and other shared credit risk characteristics. The impairment loss estimate is then based on recent historical counterparty default rates for each identified group.
Classification and subsequent measurement offinancial liabilities The Group's financial liabilities include mainly bonds, customs debs, accounts payable and other payables.
Financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
Income taxes Tax expense recognized in profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax not recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Current income tax assets and/or liabilities comprise those obligations to, or claims from, fiscal authorities relating to the current or prior reporting periods, that are unpaid at the reporting date. Current tax is payable on taxable profit, which differs from profit or loss in the financial statements. Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
