Income taxes Tax expense recognized in profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax not recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Deferred income taxes are calculated using the liability method on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. However, deferred tax is not provided on the initial recognition of goodwill, or on the initial recognition of an asset or liability unless the related transaction is a business combination or affects tax or accounting profit. Deferred tax on temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures is not provided if reversal of these temporary differences can be controlled by the Group and it is probable that reversal will not occur in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated, without discounting, at tax rates that are expected to apply to their respective period of realization, provided those rates are enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible temporary difference will be able to be utilized against future taxable income. This is assessed based on the Group's forecast of future operation results, adjusted for significant non-taxable income and expenses and specific limits on the use of any unused tax loss or credit. Deferred tax liabilities are always provided for in full.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only when the Group has a right and intention to set off current tax assets and liabilities from the same taxation authority.
Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognized as a component of tax income or expense in profit or loss, except where they relate to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income (such as the revaluation of land) or directly in equity, in which case the related deferred tax in also recognized in other comprehensive income or equity, respectively.
Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and available balances with banks and similar institutions, together with other short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value
Equity, reserves and dividend payments Share capital represents the nominal value of shares that have been issued.
71
