Post-employment benefit plans The Group provides post-employment benefits through various defined contribution and defined benefit plans.
Short-term employee benefits Short-term employee benefits, including holiday entitlement, are current liabilities included in "pension and other employee obligations", measured at the undiscounted amount that the Group expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement.
Provisions, contingent assets and contingent liabilities Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required from the Group and amounts can be estimated reliable. Timing or amount of the outflow may still be uncertain.
Provisions are measured at the estimated expenditure required to settle the present obligation, based on the most reliable evidence available at the reporting date, including the risks and uncertainties associated with the present obligation. Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. Provisions are discounted to their present values, where the time value of money is material.
In those cases where the possible outflow of economic resources as a result of present obligations is considered improbable or remote, no liability is recognized.
Significant management judgement in applying accounting policies and estimation uncertainty When preparing the financial statements, management undertakes a number of judgements, estimates and assumptions about the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
Significant managementjudgement The following are significant management judgements in applying the accounting policies of the Group that have the most significant effect on the financial statements.
72
Capitalization of internally developed software The division between the research and development phases of new development of software and determining whether the requirements for capitalization of development expenses are met requires assessments. After activation the Group management controls whether the accounting requirements for development costs continue to be fulfilled and if there are indications that the capitalized expenditure may be vulnerable to a decline in value ( Estimation uncertainty Information about estimates and assumptions that have the most significant effect on recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses is provided below. Actual results may be substantially different.
