The Board of Directors is responsible for the contents of this Prospectus only under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The Board of Directors hereby assures that the Board of Directors has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information in the Prospectus, to the best of the Board of Directors' knowledge, is in accordance with the actual conditions and that no information has been omitted which may distort the picture of the Company.
KGH CUSTOMS AB
The Board of Directors
9
The Bonds in brief
This Section contains a general and broad description of the Bonds and is not a comprehensive description of the Bonds. Potential investors should therefore carefully consider the Prospectus as a whole, including documents incorporated by reference, before a decision is made to invest in the Bonds. Thefull termsfor the Bonds can be found in the Section "Terms and Conditionsfor the Bonds".
Concepts and terms defined in the Section "Terms and Conditionsfor the Bonds" or anywhere else in the Prospectus are used with the same meaning in the summary unless otherwise is explicitly understoodfrom the context.
Summary of the Bonds
The Bonds are debt instruments, intended for public market trading, which confirm that the holder has a claim on the Company. The Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company, that shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among them. The bond loan, which is the first bond loan issued by the Company, was resolved on by the Board of Directors of the Company and approved by a written resolution by the Board of Directors of the Company on 15 May 2012. The purpose of the Bond Issue was recapitalisation of the Group, where the net proceeds of the Bond Issue was to be used by the Company to finance its purchase of shares in KGH Group AB under certain share purchase agreements and a share sale and subscription agreement, to repay certain shareholder loans, to repay certain bank loans, to pay the transaction costs in relation to the Bond Issue and for general corporate purposes.
