Summary of the Bonds
The Bonds are denominated in SEK. The bond loan amounts to SEK 400,000,000, represented by Bonds, each of a nominal amount of SEK one million (1,000,000), is denominated in SEK and the ISIN is SE0004549988. The total amount of securities being admitted to trading is 400.
The Bonds have been issued in accordance with Swedish law and are connected to the account-based system of Euroclear, meaning that the Bonds are registered on behalf of the Holders on a Securities Account. No physical notes have been or will be issued. Payment of principal and interest as well as, if applicable, withholding of preliminary tax will be made through Euroclear.
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest on the Final Redemption Date, unless previously redeemed, pre-paid or repurchased and cancelled in accordance with Section 8 (Early redemption by request of the Company), Section 11 (The Company's and the other Group Companies'purchase of Bonds), Section 14 (Acceleration of the Bonds) or Section 15 (Change of control) of the terms and conditions for the Bonds. Payment in respect of principal and interest shall be made to the Holders on the relevant Record Date. The right to receive payment of the Nominal Amount is time-barred and becomes void ten years from the relevant redemption date.
The Bonds bear interest from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the Redemption Date at an interest rate of 9.0% per annum. The interest is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated on a 30/360-days basis. Interest Payment Dates are 23 November and 23 May each year. The right to receive payment of interest is time-barred and becomes void three years from the relevant due date for payment. Interest calculations will be made by Euroclear.
Swedish Trustee AB (publ) is initially acting as the Company's Bond Trustee under the terms and conditions for the Bonds. Even without a separate authorization from the Holders, the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority. Further, each Holder shall
10
immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney, which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under the terms and conditions for the Bonds.
Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing 10% of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may, at any time, request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing amongst the Holders, see further Section 16 (The Bond Trustee's right to represent the Holders, the authority of the Bond Trustee etc.) and Section 17 (Holders' meetings and procedure in writing) of the terms and conditions of the Bonds. Such meetings or procedures in writing can lead to a majority decision, binding for all Holders, is being passed.
