Pareto Ohman AB has acted as Issuing Agent and financial advisor to the Company in connection with the issue of the Bonds and has agreed with the Company on receiving remuneration from the Company relating to its assistance.
The Company and its operations
History and development KGH Customs AB (publ) is a public limited liability company registered in Sweden with reg. no. 556870 4612, having its registered address and headquarter at Skandiahamnen Sydatlanten 6, 403 36 Göteborg, Sweden, telephone number +46 31 764 30 00. The Company, KGH Customs AB, was incorporated on 17 October, 2011. The Company's trade name (Sw. handelsbeteckning) is KGH Customs AB. The Company is governed by Swedish law including, but not limited to, the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. Årsredovisningslagen). Business and operations The Company was registered in October 2011. In May 2012, the Company acquired all shares (the "Acquisition") in KGH Group AB ("KGH Group") (up to then the holding company of the KGH group of companies). KGH Groups business handled by its subsidiaries, in turn, was founded in 1963 in order to assist the customs officers in filling out forms needed for goods imported from Norway. The Group is headquartered in Gothenburg, Sweden, and is a pan-European independent provider of customs services in Europe. Through its subsidiaries, the Group offers customs clearance, accounting, consulting, education, software solutions and border services. Its main revenues derive from customs clearance.
· Customs clearance (91.7%2 of KGH Group's and its subsidiaries' revenues in 2011): KGH Customs handles customers' customs declarations related to import, export and transit. KGH Customs also offers financial services which are, in essence, guarantees related to customs duties, VAT and goods in transit. In addition to the handling of customs declarations, KGH Customs offers its customers assistance with customs warehouse procedures and Intrastat3 reporting. The Group also offers its contract clients consulting and assistance through its customs helpdesk.
KGH Customs currently operates in seven countries in Europe, but covers other trading countries in Europe through its partner network. As of September 30 2012 KGH Customs had 510 employees.
2Note: Information based on KGH internal unaudited Management Accounts for the twelve months period ended 31 December 2011 3The system for collecting information and producing statistics for trading of goods between EU countries
12
History of KGH Customs
The summary following below includes the history of KGH group of companies ("KGH"). The history of KGH p is provided to form a more comprehensive view on the history of KGH Customs and its origin.
