1The figures indicating the voting rights and capital of each shareholder have been rounded off and as a result the numerical figures shown as total may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures.
As mentioned above, the Company acquired the shares in KGH Group in May 2012, whereby a part of the shares in KGH Group were purchased by the Company, and the remaining part contributed in kind against newly issued shares in the Company. The acquisition was partly financed by the Bond Issue.
As a result of the above mentioned transactions, the Company ultimately holds all shares in KGH Group. Following the subscription of the new shares in the Company, close to 85 % of the shares in the Company are held by Procuritas, and approximately 15 % of the shares are held by certain minority shareholders (please see above),
15
Trends etc.
Significant adverse changes No significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Company have occurred since the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its last published interim financial statement. Further, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of KGH Group since the date of its last published audited financial statements. Material agreements KGH Customs has not concluded any material agreement which does not relate to its ordinary course of business and which may affect the Company's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds.
16
Board of directors, senior management and auditors
The business address for all members of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management is: KGH Customs AB, Skandiahamnen Sydatlanten 6, 403 36 Göteborg, Sweden. The telephone number is: +46 31 764 30 00. The Board of Directors of the Company currently consists of five members. Information on the members of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management, including significant assignments outside the Company which are relevant for the Company, is set forth below.
