Further, Grant Thornton Sweden AB was appointed as the auditor of KGH Group AB in 2007 and has thereafter been reappointed at each annual meeting up until the date of this Prospectus. Kent Lindholm is the group partner at Grant Thornton who has been responsible for the audit during the time that Grant Thornton Sweden AB has been the auditor of KGH Group.
To the Company's knowledge, none of the members of the Board of Directors or the Senior Management of the Company has a private interest that may be in conflict with the interests of the Company.
Although the Company is not currently aware of any conflicts of interest, it cannot be excluded that conflicts of interest may come to arise between companies in which members of the Board of Directors and members of the senior management have duties, as described above, and the Company.
Financial interests
Several members of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management have a financial interest in the Company through their direct or indirect holding of shares in the Company.
18
Financial overview
The Company acquired all shares in KGH Group in May 2012. Prior to the Acquisition, the Company did not carry out any activities and did not publish any financial reports. Therefore, the only financial report published by the Company is the unaudited financial report for KGH Customs for the period ended 30 September 2012. However, as the Acquisition did not result in any major changes to the group than the new parent company, the Company has chosen to include KGH Group AB's annual reports for the fiscal years 2010 - 2011 in the Prospectus to give the reader an illustration of the Groups financial history reference (see "Documents incorporated by reference"). To illustrate the effect of the Acquisition on the accounts, the Company has also chosen to include unaudited pro forma financial information (the "Proforma") in the Prospectus. The auditors have examined the Proforma in accordance with the auditor's report set out on page 26. Further, the unaudited financial report for KGH Customs for the period ended 30 September 2012 is included in the Prospectus (see "Documents incorporated by reference").
Prior to the Acquisition, KGH Group reported its group accounts in accordance with Swedish Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("SGAAP") which includes the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen), and the Swedish Financial Accounting Standards Council's recommendations and issued statements (Sw. allmänna råd från Bokföringsnämnden avseende större företag). After the acquisition the Company's group accounts are prepared and reported in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and interpretations of these standards (IFRICs) issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee, as these IFRSs and IFRICs have been adopted by the EU for application within the EU. To demonstrate significant differences between the accounting standards used previously by KGH Group and the accounting standards used by the Company, a comparison has been included in the Proforma (which has been prepared in accordance with IFRS).
