The Company is a holding company and holds no significant assets other than investments in the subsidiaries. The Company is thus dependent upon receipt of sufficient income related to the operation of
and the ownership in its subsidiaries. A decrease in any such income may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and ability to meet financial obligations.
Norwegian EU membership or altered trade treaties between Norway and the EU
The main part of KGH Customs' earnings is generated due to that all trade between Norway and the countries in the EU require documentation and is subject to duty and VAT calculation on a shipment level. For each shipment that is exported from or imported to Norway, extensive information has to be communicated electronically to both the customs authority in Norway and in the relevant EU country. A Norwegian EU membership would impact KGH Customs adversely as the need for declarations handling for Norwegian companies would drastically fall.
If the trade treaty between Norway and the EU (the EEA agreement) would change resulting in that the current contractual arrangements would loosen up, the impact would resemble the impact of a Norwegian EU membership, effectively taking out the customs border between Norway and the countries in the EU.
Geographical concentration
According to the Group's unaudited consolidated financial report for the financial period ended 30 September 2012, the Group's business in Sweden and Norway jointly corresponded to approximately 70% of the Group's total revenues and an even greater share of profits. However, there is no guarantee that the demand for the Group's services in Sweden and Norway does not decline on one or both of these markets, which could adversely affect the Group's result and financial position.
Ability to comply with the terms and conditions for the Bonds
According to the terms and conditions for the Bonds, the Company shall to ensure that the Group maintains certain specified financial ratios and that it satisfies certain financial covenants, including covenants related to interest coverage and net debt. Events beyond the Company's control, including changes in the economic and business conditions in which the Company operates, may affect the ability to comply with such ratios and covenants. The Company cannot assure that the Group will meet the ratios or satisfy the covenants. A breach of any of the covenants in, or the inability to maintain the required financial ratios under, the terms and conditions for the Bonds could result in that an event of default occurs under the terms and conditions for the Bonds. In addition, the terms and conditions for the Bonds contain a cross-default provision on financial indebtedness subject to a carve-out of SEK 5,000,000 or its equivalent amount in any other currency. A violation of the cross-default provision constitutes an event of default under the terms and conditions for the Bonds. The occurrence of an event of default under the terms and conditions for the Bonds would, unless waived, provide a right to accelerate the outstanding debt, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. Such payment obligation could correspond to the value of all or substantially all of KGH Customs' assets.
