Authorized Public Accountant
Legal information and supplementary information Material agreements There are no material agreements outside of the ordinary course of business.
Litigation
On 23 September 2008, the Danish Customs Authority inspected five freight containers carrying goods with customs declarations from KGH Customs Services ApS. The Danish Customs Authority claimed that i) the customs value was DKK 3.7 million rather than the declared DKK 0.3 million, and that ii) it was not verified that the final destination was Poland as declared. This resulted in an increase in import duties of DKK 0.4 million and an increase in VAT charges of DKK 1.0 million, for KGH Customs Services ApS. KGH Customs Services ApS unsuccessfully appealed this decision. A new appeal has been submitted in which KGH Customs Services ApS claims for the VAT charges to be tax deductible. This appeal is currently pending and the final decision may be reached in 2013. The Company believes that the probability of a negative outcome of this litigation is high, which could result in a cash outflow of DKK 1.4 million. A provision of DKK 1.4 million for this contingency was made in the fiscal year of 2011.
During April and May 2009, KGH Belgium NV was instructed by the forwarder Flexitrans BV to make clearances on six shipments containing normal cargo. During an inspection, the customs found that two of the containers contained non-declared cigarettes. A full investigation regarding the cargo shipped via Flexitrans BV was then initiated by the customs, which found that the remaining four containers were removed from the storage under customs warehouse procedure4 without the knowledge of either the customs or KGH Belgium NV. An extended investigation was started by the customs covering all parties involved in the supply chain of these containers, including KGH Belgium NV, which had carried out the customs clearance. KGH Belgium NV was originally prosecuted together with its employee for possible involvement in the case, but after negotiations, the customs agreed to withdraw the prosecution towards KGH Belgium NV. One condition for the withdrawal was that KGH Belgium NV provided a EUR 500,000 guarantee to cover the environmental taxes and duties that were withheld in the declaration made by the employee on behalf of KGH Belgium NV. The EUR 500,000 has not had any effect on the income statement but on the cash flow statement of the Group. The guarantee is booked as a short term receivable and will be repaid to the Company in the case of a positive verdict for the employee of KGH Belgium NV. The first trial turned out with a negative verdict for the employee. However, the case is appealed and a new trial will probably take place in the first six months of 2013. The lawyers of KGH Belgium NV estimate that there is a good chance that the final verdict will be in favour of the employee of KGH Belgium NV, as they have identified weaknesses in the first verdict.
Except for the above mentioned litigations, the Company is not currently, and has not within the last twelve months been, subject to any material court or administrative proceedings which could have a significant effect on the Company's or the Group's financial position or profitability. Further, the Company is not aware of any legal proceedings or arbitration proceedings that could arise and which could have a significant effect on the Company's or the Group's financial position or profitability.
Credit rating Neither the Company nor the Bonds have a credit rating from an international credit rating institute.
4 Customs warehouse means that goods is not cleared when it crosses the border but instead is transported into the country to a
warehouse which is verified and is cleared when it is transported from the warehouse.
