Ability to comply with the terms and conditions for the Bonds
Ability to service debt
The Group's ability to service its debt will depend upon, among other things, the Group's future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond the Group's control. If the Group's operating income is not sufficient to service its current or future indebtedness, the Group will be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying its business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing its debt or seeking additional equity capital. The Group may not be able to affect any of these remedies on satisfactory terms, or at all.
VAT related risk
5
A part of the Group's income (approximately 8% of the turnover1) is related to the segment financial services. The segment financial services is carried out in the Nordic countries and include services provided in relation to customs duties and VAT related to import declarations and guarantees provided in relation to transit declarations. Approximately one third of the financial services provided by the Group relate to VAT.
Currently, a Directive relating to VAT on imported goods is implemented by the Member States of the European Union. Depending on how the Member States choose to implement the Directive, the Group's business, and financial income, related to VAT may be negatively affected. This risk is mainly applicable to Sweden and in the beginning of 2013 a proposal was put forward to the ministry of finance regarding changes in the present system for handling of import VAT in Sweden. If this proposal is accepted it will impact KGH business negatively, the yearly loss in turnover is calculated to approximately SEK 6m to SEK 7m per year effective from 2015. Guarantees
A part of KGH Customs' activities consists of handling and paying customs duties and VAT on behalf of its customers in relation to the national customs authorities and to take on guarantee responsibilities towards the national customs authorities. To be able to obtain credits - deferment accounts - with national customs authorities for handling of customs duties and VAT and to be able to take on responsibilities for transit procedures, the Group is required to present statutory guarantees to the pertinent authority. To be accepted by customs, the guarantees have to be issued by an approved financial institute. Ordinary bank guarantees are most common, but guarantees issued by insurance companies and similar institutions are also being used. At present, KGH Customs has a mix of guarantees issued by the Group's bank (SEB) and by the project insurance company Nordic Guarantee and the insurance company Artradius However, there is always a risk that KGH Customs cannot receive guarantees from an approved financial institute on reasonable terms.
Risks relating to KGH Customs' counterparties
