A part of KGH Customs' activities consists of handling and paying customs duties and VAT on behalf of its customers in relation to the national customs authorities and to take on guarantee responsibilities towards the national customs authorities. To be able to obtain credits - deferment accounts - with national customs authorities for handling of customs duties and VAT and to be able to take on responsibilities for transit procedures, the Group is required to present statutory guarantees to the pertinent authority. To be accepted by customs, the guarantees have to be issued by an approved financial institute. Ordinary bank guarantees are most common, but guarantees issued by insurance companies and similar institutions are also being used. At present, KGH Customs has a mix of guarantees issued by the Group's bank (SEB) and by the project insurance company Nordic Guarantee and the insurance company Artradius However, there is always a risk that KGH Customs cannot receive guarantees from an approved financial institute on reasonable terms.
Counterparty risk refer to the risk that KGH Customs' counterparties will not live up to their contractual obligations.
As mentioned above, a part of KGH Customs' activities consists of paying customs duties and VAT on behalf of its customers to the national customs authorities. Normally, KGH Customs will demand prepayment or a bank guarantee from its customers to cover such costs. For some large trustworthy companies (typical listed companies) KGH on a regular basis handle their VAT and duties which can amount to substantial amounts without upfront payments or guarantees, this if of course a risk, but the yearly losses for this business are low.
In relation to merchandise in transit, the Group takes on a guarantee responsibility towards the national customs authorities. During the transit, the issuer has to present a guarantee for customs duties if the goods should disappear during the transport. An average transport under transit is only a couple of days. The guarantee is opened day one and is then closed a couple of days later. Should the goods disappear during transport, the national customs authority will demand payment for the customs duties from the guarantor, i.e. KGH Customs, in accordance with the guarantee. There is always a risk that KGH Customs is not repaid by its customers for such costs.
Risks related to taxes
The Company operates its business through its subsidiaries in each of the geographic markets in which it operates. The business is conducted in accordance with KGH Customs' interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations and requirements of the tax authorities in the relevant countries. However, it is not
1 Note: Information based on KGH internal unaudited Management Accounts for the twelve months period ended 31 December 2011
6
certain that KGH Customs' interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, or administrative practice is correct, or that such rules are not changed, possibly with retroactive effect. Legislative changes or decisions by tax authorities may impair the present or previous tax position of KGH Customs and may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
