6.2 If a Holder has registered, through an Account Operator, that capital and interest shall be paid to a designated bank account, such payment will be effected by the CSD on the relevant payment date. In other cases, payments will be transferred by the CSD to the Holder at the address registered with the CSD on the Record Date. If a day on which an amount becomes due and payable is not a Banking Day the amount will be deposited or transferred the next following Banking Day. However, interest only accrues up to and including the relevant due date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or some other obstacle, not be able to effect the payment of any amounts according to the aforesaid, the CSD will pay such amount to the Holders as soon as possible after such obstacle has been removed. For the avoidance of doubt, payment will be made to the person registered as Holder on the Record Date immediately preceding the actual payment date.
6.4 The Company may not apply or perform any counterclaims or set-off against any payment obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
7 Redemption at maturity
The Company shall redeem all outstanding Bonds at the Nominal Amount on the Final Redemption Date.
8 Early redemption by request of the Company
8.1 All Bonds, but not only some, can be redeemed early at the option of the Company on any Early Redemption Date. The Company can exercise its option by giving the Holders not less than thirty (30) days' notice in accordance with Section 22. The notice shall be irrevocable and state the Early Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date.
8.2 The Bonds shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 9 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date up to and including the relevant Early Redemption Date.
44
9 Interest The Bonds will bear interest at the Interest Rate applied to the Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Issue Date up to, and including, the Redemption Date. The interest will be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated on a 30/360-days basis.
