Risks relating to the Bonds
Investors in the Bonds carry a credit risk relating to the Company. The investor's ability to receive payment under the terms and conditions for the Bonds is therefore dependent on the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Company's operations and its financial position. The Company's financial position is affected by several factors of which a number have been discussed above.
An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the Bonds a higher risk premium, which would affect the Bonds' value negatively. Another aspect of the credit risk is that a deteriorating financial position of the Company may reduce the Company's possibility to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Bonds.
Interest rate risks
The Bonds' value depends on several factors, one of the most significant over time being the level of market interest. Investments in the Bonds involve a risk that the market value of the Bonds may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates.
Liquidity risks
7
The Company cannot guarantee that a liquid market for trading in the Bonds will occur and that such trading is maintained. The Company will apply for registration of the Bonds at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm in connection with the approval of this Prospectus by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. Even if securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, active trading in the securities does not always occur. This may result in that the holders cannot sell their Bonds when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments with an active and functioning secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds. Furthermore, the nominal value of the Bonds may not be indicative comparing to the market price of the Bonds if the Bonds are admitted for trading at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
It should also be noted that during a given time period it may be difficult or impossible to sell the Bonds due to, for example, severe price fluctuations, close down of the relevant market or trade restrictions imposed on the market.
