14.8 If the Holders, without prior initiative to decision from the Bond Trustee or the Company, have made a decision regarding termination in accordance with Section 17, the Bond Trustee shall promptly declare the Bonds terminated. The Bond Trustee is however not liable to take action if the Bond Trustee considers cause for termination not to be at hand, unless the instructing Holders in writing commit to holding the Bond Trustee indemnified and, at the Bond Trustee's own discretion, grant sufficient security for the obligation.
14.10 For the avoidance of doubt, the Bonds cannot be terminated and become due for payment prematurely according to this Section 14 without relevant decision by the Bond Trustee or by the Holders' meeting pursuant to Section 17.
15 Change of control
15.1 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, each Holder shall have a right of pre-payment (a "Put Option") of its Bonds at a price of 100.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued interest in accordance with Section 9 from, but excluding, the preceding Interest Payment Date (or if such date has not occurred, the
52
Issue Date) up to and including the relevant settlement date of the Put Option (the "P ut O ption R edem ption A m ount").
15.2 The Company shall notify the Bond Trustee and the Holders of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event as soon as possible after the event has taken place to the Company's knowledge. The Put Option must be exercised by the Holders, by giving the Bond Trustee written notice in accordance with Section 22, within sixty (60) days after the Company has given such notification to the Bond Trustee and the Holders (the "Exercise Period"). Such a H older's Bonds to be prepaid shall then be blocked from transactions by way of transferring the Bonds to the Issuing Agent (to an account specified by the Issuing Agent in a notice given to the Holders).
15.3 The Bond Trustee shall notify the Company of any pre-payment request made in accordance with this Section 15 as soon as possible after the request has been made. The Company shall redeem the Bonds that are relevant pursuant to this Section on the settlement date of the Put Option which shall occur twenty (20) Banking Days following the Exercise Period.
15.4 On the settlement date of the Put Option, the Issuing Agent shall, on behalf of the Company, arrange for payment to be made of the Put Option Redemption Amount to each of the Holders which hold Bonds to be pre-paid and which have been blocked as set out in Section 15.2.
