15.3 The Bond Trustee shall notify the Company of any pre-payment request made in accordance with this Section 15 as soon as possible after the request has been made. The Company shall redeem the Bonds that are relevant pursuant to this Section on the settlement date of the Put Option which shall occur twenty (20) Banking Days following the Exercise Period.
16 The B ond T rustee's rig h t to represent the H olders, the au th o rity of the Bond Trustee etc.
16.1 T he B ond T rustee's rig h t to rep resen t the H olders
(a) Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders and without having to obtain any Holders' consent (if not required to do so under these Terms and Conditions), the Bond Trustee, or a person appointed by the Bond Trustee, is entitled to represent the Holders in every matter concerning the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge and is authorised to act on behalf of the Holders whether or not in court or before an executive authority (including any legal or arbitration proceeding relating to the perfection, preservation, protection or enforcement of the Bonds).
(b) Each Holder shall immediately upon request by the Bond Trustee provide the Bond Trustee with any such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction), which the Bond Trustee deems necessary for the purpose of carrying out its duties under these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge. The Bond Trustee is
53
under no obligation to represent a Holder which does not comply with such request of the Bond Trustee.
(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
(d) Notwithstanding Section 16.1 (c) above and without having to observe the provisions in Section 14.10 and 16.1 , the Holders may jointly (i) take actions to enforce their rights under these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge against the Company if the Bond Trustee does not have legal right (Sw. taleratt) to bring an action or initiate a procedure under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the Escrow Account Pledge before any courts or other authorities and if the Bond Trustee has not been granted a power of attorney to do so, (ii) take any actions which the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking if the Bond Trustee has been instructed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions to take such actions and the Bond Trustee has refrained from taking the actions within a reasonable time in breach of these Terms and Conditions, and (iii) represent their own holdings of Bonds against the Company if the Bond Trustee has notified the Holders that it will not take further actions in accordance with Section 16.4 ((i), (ii) and (iii) are together and individually referred to as a "Relevant Action"). However, any Relevant Action may only be taken after a Holders' meeting has decided to take such action. The Holders' meeting shall be convened in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. However, a Holders' meeting pursuant to this Section can be convened by the Bond Trustee (or by a Holder in accordance with Section 17 (k)) irrespective of whether the requesting Holders represents ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount or not. Further, a resolution at a Holders' meeting in accordance with this Section may be passed with simple majority.
