(c) Other than to the extent expressly provided for under these Terms and Conditions, no Holder may take any actions whatsoever on its own against the Company in matters relating to the Bonds, these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge. Further, no Holder may take any legal steps whatsoever to recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge, or file an application for, or otherwise take any legal steps in respect of, the winding-up, bankruptcy, or liquidation of the Company or the making of an administration order in relation to the Company or the service of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator in relation to the Company in respect of any of the liabilities of the Company whatsoever under these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge, other than to the extent expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions.
54
16.2 The role and authority of the Bond Trustee
(a) The Bond Trustee shall monitor the compliance by the Company of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and shall act as security trustee under the Escrow Account Pledge. The Bond Trustee shall further arrange any Holders' meetings that shall be held in accordance with Section 17 and implement any decisions which have been taken on such meetings or otherwise under these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess the Company's financial situation beyond what is directly set forth in these Terms and Conditions. The Bond Trustee shall carry out its duties under these Terms and Conditions in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner and with reasonable care and skill.
(b) In performing its obligations, the Bond Trustee has a right to take any steps that it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to ensure and preserve the rights of the Holders under these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge Agreement, but does not have a right to adopt resolutions which give certain Holders, or any other persons, an unreasonable advantage at the expense of another Holder or Holders. The Bond Trustee may, in its sole discretion, postpone taking any action until the matter has been decided upon at a Holders' meeting.
(c) The Bond Trustee may act as agent and/or security trustee for several bond issues relating to the Company notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. The Bond Trustee may delegate exercise of its powers to other professional parties.
(d) For the avoidance of any doubt, the Bond Trustee is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality. Further, the obligations of the Bond Trustee does not limit the Bond Trustee's right to discuss matters with the Company that are confidential in nature and which are not made public to the Holders.
(e) The Bond Trustee may engage, pay for and rely upon the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants or other experts where such advice or services are reasonably required to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Conditions. The costs for such third party advice shall be borne by the Company. The Bond Trustee is however obliged to always inform the Company prior to engaging any third party experts.
55
