which immediately shall replace the present Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent as Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
(f) If the Bond Trustee or the Issuing Agent have resigned or been replaced in accordance with Sections 16.3 (a) - (e), the Bond Trustee and the Issuing Agent shall deliver all documents and provide all information to the new Bond Trustee or Issuing Agent that are necessary for them to perform their obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
16.4 Remuneration for the Bond Trustee
The Bond Trustee is, according to a separate agreement between the Company and the Bond Trustee, entitled to receive remuneration from the Company for acting as Bond Trustee in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If the Bond Trustee, based on good reasons, believes that the Company is or will become insolvent the Bond Trustee is entitled to reserve reasonable remuneration from the Holders for its continued work in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, save that the Bond Trustee shall make the arrangements stated in Sections 14.7 - 14.8 without having received remuneration or being indemnified by the Holders.
17 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company, the Bond Trustee and Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding Nominal Amount, may request that a Holders' meeting is convened or request a procedure in writing among the Holders. Such request shall be made in writing, and notified in accordance with Section 22, to the Company and the Bond Trustee including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be decided and, where applicable, (ii) documentation of the holding of Bonds of the requesting Holders. The request shall clearly state that the matter is urgent. If the Bond Trustee establishes that a request for a Holders' meeting or procedure in writing has been made in due
57
order the Bond Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be given by the Bond Trustee to the Holders or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Section 22 below not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing. The notice shall include (i) time for the Holders' meeting or the last day for replies in the procedure in writing, (ii) place for the Holders' meeting or the address for replies, (iii) the agenda for the Holders' meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner to be entitled to vote, and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the Holders' meeting. Further, the notice shall include information on the matters that shall be discussed and resolved upon by the Holders' meeting and the main content of each proposal (if any). The Bond Trustee shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronically, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution. When the Bonds have been listed, the notice shall also be sent to OMX for publication.
