order the Bond Trustee shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such request, convene a meeting or initiate a procedure in writing. The Bond Trustee must not convene a Holders' meeting or initiate a procedure if the Bond Trustee determines that (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Bond Trustee that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws, or (iii) it appears highly unlikely that the Holders' meeting or procedure in writing will decide in accordance with the proposal in view of previous Holders' meetings or procedures in writing.
(c) Only Holders registered as Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) are entitled to vote at the H olders' meeting (or procedure in writing). The Bond Trustee shall ensure that there is an excerpt from the register kept by the CSD available at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) showing the registered Holders on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing).
(d) Only matters that have been included in the notice sent out according to Section 17 (b) may be resolved upon by the Holders' meeting. A resolution is passed through voting at a Holders' meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation by the Bond Trustee of the replies), at which each Holder entitled to vote shall have one vote per Bond at a Nominal Amount of SEK one million (1,000,000) held. A Holder must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative who represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by any Group Company
58
shall not entitle any voting right. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds represented at the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, received answers at the end of the time for replies). In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified M ajority"):
(i) two thirds (2/3) when (1) one of the situations from a special undertaking in accordance with Section 12 is waived, and (2) an amendment of a provision in these Terms and Conditions is made, subject to (ii) below; and
(ii) three quarters (3/4) when (1) principal amount, interest rate or interest amount which shall be paid by the Company is reduced, (2) amendment of any redemption day for principal or interest amount, and (3) amendment of the provisions in this Section 17 (d).
If the number of votes are equal the opinion which is most beneficial for the Company, according to the chairman of the meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the Bond Trustee), will prevail.
(e) Quorum exists only if Holders representing at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount attend the meeting in due order (or, in case of a procedure in writing, provide replies). Bonds held by any Group Company shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved. If quorum is not achieved within fifteen (15) minutes from the fixed time (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through received answers at the end of the time for replies), the meeting shall be adjourned (or, in case of a procedure in writing, the time for replies shall be extended) to the tenth Banking Day thereafter. Notice containing information regarding time and place for a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, information regarding extended time for replies) shall promptly be provided to the Holders in accordance with Section 22. At a continued meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, at a new calculation) a resolution can be passed through an ordinary resolution (or, if required in accordance with (c) above, through Qualified Majority) by Holders entitled to vote irrespective of the share of Bonds represented.
