(j) A resolution that has been passed at a duly convened and held meeting or a procedure in writing is binding for all Holders irrespective of whether they
have been present or represented at the meeting or if they have participated in the procedure in writing and irrespective of how and if they have voted. No Holder shall be liable for any damages caused to any other Holder due to a resolution passed, or due to that no resolution was passed, at the Holders' meeting.
(k) If the Bond Trustee, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Holders' meeting within twenty (20) Banking Days after having received such request, the requesting person may convene the Holders' meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Holder, the Company shall upon request from such Holder provide the Holder with necessary information from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person referred to in Section 17 (g) exist, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting Holder.
(l) W hen applying this Section 17, holders of Bonds registered with nominees in accordance with Section 23 shall be considered Holders instead of the authorised nominee if the holder shows a certificate from the authorised nominee (i) certifying that the relevant person was the holder of Bonds on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or procedure in writing), and (ii) showing the number of Bonds held by that person on the fifth Banking Day prior to the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing). In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees, the authorised nominee shall be regarded as present at the Holders' meeting (or the procedure in writing) with the number of Bonds that the nominee represents as Holder according to Section 23 and this Section 17 (l).
(m) The Company shall bear all costs for the Company and the Bond Trustee in connection with a Holders' meeting or a procedure in writing irrespective of who has requested the meeting or the procedure in writing. If these Terms and Conditions have been revised or replaced due to a decision on a Holders' meeting, the Bond Trustee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Bond Trustee, shall arrange for new or revised Terms and Conditions to be sent to the CSD.
18 Fees and expenses
18.1 Unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms and Conditions, the Company shall cover all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge (including legal costs) and the fulfilment of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge, including the negotiation, preparation, execution and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions and the Escrow Account Pledge and any registration or notifications relating thereto (including any stamp duty) and the listing of the Bonds on OMX.
61
18.2 The fees and expenses payable to the Bond Trustee shall be paid by the Company and are set forth in a separate agreement between the Company and the Bond Trustee.
