The Company cannot guarantee that a liquid market for trading in the Bonds will occur and that such trading is maintained. The Company will apply for registration of the Bonds at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm in connection with the approval of this Prospectus by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. Even if securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, active trading in the securities does not always occur. This may result in that the holders cannot sell their Bonds when desired or at a price level which allows for a profit comparable to similar investments with an active and functioning secondary market. Lack of liquidity in the market may have a negative impact on the market value of the Bonds. Furthermore, the nominal value of the Bonds may not be indicative comparing to the market price of the Bonds if the Bonds are admitted for trading at the corporate bond list on Nasdaq OMX Stockholm.
Risks relating to the clearing and settlement in Euroclear's book-entry system
The Bonds are affiliated to Euroclear Sweden AB's ( 'Euroclear') account-based system, why no physical notes have been, or will be, issued. Clearing and settlement relating to the Bonds is carried out within Euroclear's book-entry system as well as payment of interest and repayment of the principal. Investors are therefore dependent on the functionality of Euroclear's account-based system.
Preferential rights
Subject to possible restrictions in the terms and conditions for the Bonds, the Company may in the future decide to take up loans from banks or other credit institutions and to issue other market loans. Such loans may constitute a priority claim on the Company.
The Bonds represent an unsecured obligation of the Company. This means that in the event of bankruptcy, re-organization or wind-up of the Company, the holders of the Bonds normally receive payment after any priority creditors have been fully paid.
Each investor should be aware that there is a risk that an investor in the Bonds loses all or part of their investment if the Company becomes bankrupt, carries out a re-organization or is wound-up.
Amended or new legislation
This Prospectus and the terms and conditions for the Bonds are based on Swedish law in force at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given on the impact of any possible future legislative measures or changes or modifications to administrative practices.
