Legal Advisor - Sweden Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB Box 5747 114 87 Stockholm Sweden Tel +46 8 670 66 00 Web page: www.gda.se
Appendix 1 - Summary of IFRS accounting principles
Overall considerations The significant accounting policies that have been used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are summarised below.
Basis of consolidation The Group financial statements consolidate those of the parent company and all of its subsidiary undertakings drawn up to December 31 2012. Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has the power to control the financial and operating policies. The Group obtains and exercises control through more than half of the voting rights. All subsidiaries have a reporting date of 31 December.
All transactions and balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses on transactions between Group companies. Where unrealised losses on intra group asset sales are reversed on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from a group perspective. Amounts reported in the financial statements of subsidiaries have been adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the accounting policies adopted by the Group.
Profit or loss and other comprehensive income of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are recognised from the effective date of acquisition, or up to the effective date of disposal, as applicable.
Non-controlling interests, presented as part of equity, represent the portion of a subsidiary's profit or loss and net assets that is not held by the Group. The Group attributes total comprehensive income or loss of subsidiaries between the owners of the parent and the non-controlling interests based on their respective ownership interests.
Business combinations The Group applies the acquisition method for business combinations. The consideration transferred by the Group to obtain control of a subsidiary is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets transferred, liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group, which includes the fair value of any asset or liability arising from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. The Group recognises identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination regardless of whether they have been previously recognised in the acquirer's financial statements prior to the acquisition. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are generally measured at their acquisitiondate fair values.
Goodwill is stated after separate recognition of identifiable intangible assets. It is calculated as the excess of the sum of a) fair value of consideration transferred, b) the recognised amount of any non controlling interest in the acquiree and c) acquisition-date fair value of any existing equity interest in the acquiree, over the acquisition-date fair values of identifiable net assets. If the fair values of identifiable net assets exceed the sum calculated above, the excess amount (i.e. gain on a bargain purchase) is recognised in profit or loss immediately.
