Business combinations The Group applies the acquisition method for business combinations. The consideration transferred by the Group to obtain control of a subsidiary is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets transferred, liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group, which includes the fair value of any asset or liability arising from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. The Group recognises identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination regardless of whether they have been previously recognised in the acquirer's financial statements prior to the acquisition. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are generally measured at their acquisitiondate fair values.
66
Functional and presentation currency The consolidated financial statements are presented in currency SEK, which is also the functional currency of the parent company.
Foreign currency transactions and balances Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency of the respective Group entity, using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions (spot exchange rate). Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the re measurement of monetary items at year-end exchange rates are recognised in profit or loss.
Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange rates at the date of the transaction (not retranslated). Non-monetary items measured at fair value are translated using the exchange rates at the date when fair value was determined.
Foreign operations In the Group's financial statements, all assets, liabilities and transactions of Group entities with a functional currency other than the SEK (the Group's presentation currency) are translated into SEK upon consolidation. The functional currency of the entities in the Group has remained unchanged during the reporting period.
On consolidation, assets and liabilities have been translated into SEK at the closing rate at the reporting date. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity and translated to SEK at the closing rate. Income and expenses have been translated into the Group's presentation currency at the average rate over the reporting period5. Exchange differences are charged/credited to other comprehensive income and recognised in the currency translation reserve in equity. On disposal of a foreign operation the cumulative translation differences recognised in equity are reclassified to profit or loss and recognised as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
Segment reporting The Group has following operation segments: Sweden, Norway, Belgium and other. In identifying its operating segments, management generally follows the Group's service lines, which represent the main geographic areas the Group is operating within.
Each of these operating segments is managed separately as each of these service lines requires different technologies and other resources as well as marketing approaches. All inter-segment transfers are carried out at arm's length prices.
