Development costs not meeting these criteria for capitalization are expensed as incurred.
Subsequent measurement ( The intangible assets mention below, including internally developed software, are considered finite. They are accounted for using the cost model whereby capitalised costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Residual values and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date. In addition, they are subject to impairment testing. The following useful are lives are applied:  Software: 5-8 years
68
 Technology 15 years  Customer lists: 10 years
Activated internally generated software, that is not yet completed, are not depreciated but tested for impairment. Amortisation has been included within 'depreciation, amortisation and impairment of non-financial assets'. Costs associated with maintaining computer software, i.e expenditure relating to patches and other minor updates as well as their installation, is expensed as incurred.
The gain or loss arising on the disposal of an intangible asset is determined as the difference between the proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, and is recognised in profit or loss within 'other income' or 'other expenses'.
Tangible assets
Buildings IT-equipment and other equipment Buildings, IT equipment and other equipment (comprising fittings and furniture) are carried at acquisition cost or manufacturing cost less subsequent depreciation and impairment losses, including any costs directly attributed to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Group's management. Buildings an IT-equipment includes also buildings if they are held under a finance lease. Buildings, IT-equipment and other equipment are then valued as acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
Depreciation is recognised on a straight-line basis to write down the cost or valuation less estimated residual value of property, plant and equipment other than freehold land. The following useful lives are applied:  Buildings: 25-50 years  Other equipment: 3-5 years
