Buildings IT-equipment and other equipment Buildings, IT equipment and other equipment (comprising fittings and furniture) are carried at acquisition cost or manufacturing cost less subsequent depreciation and impairment losses, including any costs directly attributed to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the Group's management. Buildings an IT-equipment includes also buildings if they are held under a finance lease. Buildings, IT-equipment and other equipment are then valued as acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
In the case of leasehold property, expected useful lives are determined by reference to comparable owned assets or over the term of the lease, if shorter. Material residual value estimates and estimates of useful life are updated as required, but at least annually, whether or not the asset is re-valued.
Gains or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets and are recognised in profit or loss within 'other income' or 'other expenses'.
69
Leased assets
Operating leasing All other leases are treated as operating leases. Payments on operating lease agreements are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Associated costs, such as maintenance and insurance, are expensed as incurred.
Impairment testing ofgoodwill, other intangible assets and tangible assets For impairment assessment purposes, assets are grouped at the lowest cash-generating units. A cash generating unit is an asset group with essentially independent cash inflows. As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment and some are tested at cash-generating unit level. Goodwill, technology, customer lists and brand are tested at Group-level
Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated (determined by the Group's management as equivalent to its operating segments) are tested for impairment at least annually. All other individual assets or cash-generating units are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's or cash-generating unit's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. To determine the value-in-use, management estimates expected future cash flows from each cash-generating unit and determines a suitable interest rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The data used for impairment testing procedures are directly linked to the Group's latest approved budget, adjusted as necessary to exclude the effects of future reorganizations and asset enhancements. Discount factors are determined individually for each cash-generating unit and reflect management's assessment of respective risk profiles, such as market an asset-specific risks factors. Impairment losses for cash-generating units reduce first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to that cash-generating unit. Any remaining impairment loss is charged pro rata to the other assets in the cash-generating unit. With the exception of goodwill, all assets are subsequently reassessed for indications that an impairment loss previously recognized may no longer exist. An impairment loss is reversed if the asset's or cash-generating unit's recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount.
