(f) the Company, or any Group Company guaranteed by the Company, is declared bankrupt;
(h) in respect of a merger with another company than a Group Company, a decision is made that the Company shall be merged into another company, unless (i) the Equity Ratio is increased as a result of such merger or (ii) the Agent has given its consent in writing prior to the merger (where consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time assigns the concerned creditors); or
(i) in respect of a demerger of the Company (whether the Company as a result thereof is dissolved or not), decision is made that the Company shall demerge, unless the Agent in writing prior to that has given its consent for the demerger (where such consent is not to be understood as a waiver of the rights that applicable law at the time gives the creditors of the Company).
11.2 If the Bonds are declared due and payable pursuant to Condition 11.1, the Company shall redeem the Bonds at a redemption amount equal to the Bonds' Nominal Amount plus a surcharge of three (3) per cent of the Nominal Amount plus the accrued interest, if any, pursuant to Condition 4.
11.3 Termination for early redemption on the grounds mentioned in Conditions 11.1 may only occur if the nature of the particular circumstance is such that it will adversely and materially affect the Holders' interests and that the cause of termination is continuing at the time of the termination,
8
11.4 If the right to termination is based upon a decision of a court of law, a government authority or an annual general meeting, it is not necessary that the decision has acquired legal force or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of termination to exist.
11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent of any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 11.1 occurring immediately upon gaining knowledge of the relevant circumstance having occurred. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition. All information made public to the shareholders of the Company shall be deemed to have been already delivered to the Agent.
11.6 If a right to accelerate the redemption of the Bonds according to this Condition 11 exists, the Agent shall consider, within ten (10) Banking Days of the day of gaining knowledge thereof, if the redemption of the Bonds shall be so accelerated. If the Agent has decided not to accelerate the redemption of the Bonds, the Agent shall, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that a circumstance described in Condition 11.1 exists and its decision to not take any action in relation thereto and obtain judgement on the matter from the Holders according to the provisions in Condition 12. If the Holders decide to accelerate the redemption of the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds redeemable in accordance with Condition 11.1. If the relevant circumstance described in Condition 11.1 is then no longer continuing according to the Agent's appraisal, the Agent is not liable to execute the acceleration of the early redemption of the Bonds. The Agent shall in such case, at the earliest possible date, notify the Holders that the relevant circumstance described in Condition 11.1 is then no longer continuing. If any Holders, without prior initiative from the Agent or the Company, have made a decision regarding early redemption of the Bonds, the Agent shall promptly declare the Bonds early redeemable. The Agent is, however, not liable to take action if the Agent considers a cause for termination not to be at hand.
