11.5 The Company is obliged to inform the Agent of any circumstance of the type specified in Condition 11.1 occurring immediately upon gaining knowledge of the relevant circumstance having occurred. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such circumstance exists or can be expected to occur provided that the Agent does not have knowledge of such circumstance. At the request of the Agent the Company shall within five (5) days provide the Agent with a certificate regarding the circumstances dealt with in Condition 11.1. The Company shall further provide the Agent with such details as the Agent may reasonably request regarding any circumstances referred to in Condition 11.1 and provide at the request of the Agent all documents that may be of significance in the application of this Condition. All information made public to the shareholders of the Company shall be deemed to have been already delivered to the Agent.
12 The Agent's right to represent the Holders, Holders' meeting etc.
12.1 General
Even without a separate authorisation from the Holders, the Agent, or a person appointed by the Agent, is entitled to represent the Holders against the Company in accordance with these provisions in every matter concerning the Bonds, whether or not in court or before an executive authority. Even though the Agent is entitled to represent the Holders, the Agent is not obliged to take action unless it is explicitly expressed in these Terms and Conditions and the Holders potential to start actions on behalf of the Holders is set out in these Terms and Conditions.
12.2 Holders' meeting and procedure in writing
(a) Each of the Company or the Agent can at any time call for a Holders' meeting or demand for a procedure in writing among the Holders. Holders representing at least ten (10) per cent of the total outstanding Nominal Amount may demand from the Agent that such call is made. Such demand shall be made in writing to the Company and the Agent including (i) information regarding the issues that shall be discussed and (ii) documentation which indicates the holding of the relevant Holders. If the Agent
establishes that such demand has been received in due order the Agent shall, within twenty (20) Banking Days from receipt of such demand, call to a meeting or demand for a procedure in writing. Such obligation does not exist if, according to the Agent, (i) the proposal must be approved by the Company and the Company informs the Agent that it will not give such approval, (ii) the proposal is not in accordance with applicable laws or (iii) it is clearly unlikely that the meeting will consent to the proposal in view of previous meetings or procedures in writing.
(b) Notice shall be made to the Holders and the Agent or, as the case may be, the Company in accordance with Condition 16 below and shall be made not later than ten (10) Banking Days and not earlier than thirty (30) Banking Days prior to the meeting or the last day for replies. The notice shall include (i) time for the meeting or the last day for replies, (ii) place for the meeting or address for replies, (iii) agenda for the meeting, (iv) information regarding which day a Holder shall be registered as owner or, in case of nominee registration and such possibility is provided by the CSD is entitled to vote, in the register of the CSD and (v) what is otherwise required by a Holder in order to attend the meeting. The Company or, if the Agent is calling, the Agent shall determine the contents in the notice and provide, in writing or electronicalIy, a proxy form or, in case of a procedure in writing, a decision form with the relevant alternatives for resolution.
(c) A resolution is passed through voting at a meeting (or, in case of a procedure in writing, through calculation), at which each Holder is entitled to vote. Each Bond shall entitle its Holder to one vote. A Holder that holds more than one Bond must vote in the same manner for all Bonds held. However, a representative which represents different Holders may vote differently for different Holders. Bonds held by the Company or by a company within the same group as the Company (as this term is defined in Chapter 1 Section 11 and 12 in the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)) shall not entitle any voting right and shall not be considered when calculating if necessary majority has been achieved in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The resolution of the Holders shall be the opinion which represents the majority of the Nominal Amount for the Bonds. In respect of the below issues the following qualified majority is required among the votes casted and the answers received in order to deem a resolution passed ("Qualified Majority"):
