15 Allocation of payments
16 Notices
16.1 Notices from the Company or the Agent shall be given to the Holders at their addresses as registered with the CSD. In addition to this, notice may be given by advertisement in a nation wide Swedish newspaper (any of Dagens Industri, Dagens Nyheter or Svenska Dagbladet) with the notice in its entirety or with reference to where the notice in its entirety is available.
12
16.2 Notices from the Holders to the Company shall be given to the Company with a copy to the Agent at the addresses set forth in Condition 1.
17 Nominee registration In respect of Bonds registered with authorised nominees in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) the authorised nominee shall be deemed to be the Holder for the purpose of applying these Terms and Conditions (subject to the provisions about the voting right of the Holders in Condition 12).
18 Limitation of liability etc 18.1 The Agent and the CSD shall have no liability for damage caused by Swedish or foreign
enactment, action taken by a Swedish or foreign authority, war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or other similar circumstance. This limitation of liability in the case of a strike, blockade, boycott or lockout also applies if the Agent or the CSD would itself initiate or become subject to such conflict. 18.2 The Agent shall have no liability for damage caused by the Agent acting as a representative for the Holders, aligned with the decisions made in accordance with Condition 12. This shall also apply to the Agent or an affiliate of the Agent acting in another manner in relation to the Company within the scope of other dealings with the Company. 18.3 Damage caused in any other event will not be indemnified by the Agent and the CSD unless the damage is caused by negligence. In no event will indemnification be made for indirect damage. 18.4 Should the Agent or the CSD be prevented from performing their obligations due to the circumstances mentioned in Condition 18.1 above, performance may be postponed until fulfilment is no longer prevented by such events. 18.5 The provisions in this Condition 18 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479) which provisions shall take precedence.
19 Governing law and jurisdiction 19.1 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
