"Project" means in the ordinary course of business of the Group (i) the acquisition of a real property, site-leasehold, other leasehold right or building or a company holding such assets (but not carrying out any other business in any material aspect or holding any other material assets) for the purpose of a subsequent development of residential buildings and/or other real estate, (ii) a construction and development of residential buildings and/or other building/real estate on a real property (as the case may be) and (iii) other activities relating to (i) and (ii).
"Project Entity" means any Subsidiary, joint-venture company, associated company (Sw. intressebolag), housing co-operative (Sw. bostadsrättsförening), partnership company (Sw. kommanditbolag), trading company (Sw. handelsbolag), economic association (Sw. ekonomisk förening) or any other legal entity where the Group holds or have held ownership interest and which manages Projects.
"Quotation Day" means, in relation to (i) an Interest Period for which an Interest Rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or in respect of the first Interest Period, two (2) Business Days before the First Issue Date), or (ii) any other period for which an interest rate is to be determined, two (2) Business Days before the first day of that period.
"Record Date" means the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Holders is to be made under Clause 15 (Distribution o fproceeds) or (iv) another relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the Swedish bond market.
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Bonds are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 10 (Redemption and repurchase o f the Bonds).
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each year for as long as any Bonds are outstanding. With reference to the Maintenance Test, the first Reference Date shall be 30 June 2017.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2004/39/EC on markets in financial instruments).
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months.
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 11.1.1 (Distributions).
