Redemption at maturity
The Issuer's purchase of Bonds
The Issuer may at any time purchase Bonds. Bonds held by the Issuer may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled.
Early voluntary redemption by the Issuer (call option)
Provided that the Outstanding Bonds have been redeemed in full, the Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day prior to the First Call Date, at an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Provided that the Outstanding Bonds have been redeemed in full, the Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Bonds in full on any Business Day falling on or after the First Call Date, but before the Final Redemption Date, at the applicable Call Option Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
Redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Holders and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the Redemption Date and the relevant Record Date and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent. Upon expiry of such notice and the fulfilment of the conditions precedent (if any), the Issuer is bound to redeem the Bonds in full at the applicable amounts.
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option)
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Holder shall have the right to request that all or only some of its Bonds are repurchased (whereby the Issuer shall have the obligation to repurchase such Bonds) at a price per Bond equal to one hundred and one (101.00) per cent, of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest during a period of sixty (60) calendar days following a notice from the Issuer of the relevant event pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 11.12.1. The sixty (60) calendar days' period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event (as applicable).
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 11.12.1 shall specify the repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Holder needs to take if it wants Bonds held by it to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount
