(b) 101.875 per cent, of the Nominal Amount if the call option is exercised on or after the date falling thirty-six (36) months after the First Issue Date up to (but not including) the date falling forty-two (42) months after the First Issue Date;
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring avfinansiella instrument).
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby (i) one or more Persons (other than the Main Shareholder) acting in concert owning or controlling fifty (50.00) per cent, or more of the shares and votes of the Issuer, where "acting in concert" means a group of persons who, pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), actively co-operate through the acquisition of shares in the Issuer by any of them, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or consolidate voting control of such shares.
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it. If the Compliance Certificate is provided in connection with the publishing of a Financial Report which requires that the Maintenance Test is fulfilled or in connection with an application of the Incurrence Test the Compliance Certificate shall include calculations and figures in respect of the Equity Ratio (if in connection with the Incurrence Test, calculated pro forma and in accordance with the Calculation Principles).
"Conditions Precedent to the First Issue Date" has the meaning set forth in Clause 12.
2
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Bonds from time to time; initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O.Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Defaulting Group Company" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (h) of Clause 14.1.
"De-listing Event" means the situation where (i) the Issuer's shares are not listed and admitted to trading on First North Stockholm, on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market; or (ii) trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned stock exchanges is suspended for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days.
