"Quarter Date" means each 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
"Securities Register Act" means the Norwegian Act relating to Registration of Financial Instruments of 5 July 2002 No. 64.
"Securities Register" means the securities register in which the Bonds are registered.
"Security Agent" means the Bond Trustee, unless any other legal entity is appointed as collateral agent pursuant to Clause 17.4.
"Subordinated Loans" means any loan with a term extending beyond the Maturity Date which are contractually unsecured and subordinated to any outstanding amount under the Bonds or any other senior debt of the Issuer and that contains repayment provisions to the effect repayment of principal or payment of interest shall not be made during the term of the Bonds, always provided that subordinated loans granted by a company in the Group to the Issuer after the issue date for the bond issue with ISIN N0001056168.1 (being 17 December 2009) shall not be deemed to be a "Subordinated Loan". In this sub-clause, "group" shall have the meaning as defined in the Norwegian Public Companies Act § 1-3;
"Taxes" means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions and withholdings, and any restrictions and or conditions resulting in a charge together with interest thereon and penalties in respect thereof and "Tax" and "Taxation" shall be construed accordingly.
"Total Assets" means, on any date, the aggregate book value of those assets of the HoldCo Group (on a consolidated basis) which according to GAAP should be included as assets in the balance sheet.
"Total Debt" means the Issuer's debt or other financial instrument that has the commercial effect of a borrowing, including guarantees for loans but excluding Subordinated Loans. However, in the event the Issuer makes any repayment of principal or payment of interest in relation to any Subordinated Loan, such subordinated loan shall be included in the calculation of Total Debt from the date such repayment o f principal or payment of interest takes place.
"Total Equity" means the booked equity of the Issuer in accordance with GAAP, but excluding booked goodwill acquired after the date o f this Bond Agreement (however, if a change in GAAP applicable for the treatment of pensions or derivative transactions occurs, any adverse effects on the accounts shall be excluded when determining Total Equity).
