Issuer: Bond Trustee: ISIN (the Bonds): Annual Fee: Annual Payment Date: Date of Agreement:
1. Annual Fee: The Issuer shall pay the Annual Fee on the Annual Payment Date as set out in the schedule above. The Annual Fee covers the work related to the establishing and the supervision of the Bonds according to the bond agreement for the Bonds (the "Bond Agreement"). The Annual Fee is payable in advance and falls due for the first time together with the issue o f the Bonds, and subsequently on each Annual Payment Date. The Annual Fee will be adjusted annually in accordance with the Norwegian Consumer Price Index (the "CPI").
2. Break Fee: In the event the Bond Agreement or this Fee Agreement is terminated prior to its original final maturity date, the Bond Trustee may require a fee (the "Break Fee") as compensation for loss of income, but always limited to one Annual Fee.
3. Security Fee: If the Bond Trustee according to the Bond Agreement shall hold security documents or act as security trustee, this may be charged the Issuer separately (the "Security Fee").
4. Tap Issues: In connection with any tap Issues under the Bond Agreement the Issuer shall pay a separate fee if an amendment agreement to the Bond Agreement is prepared (the "Tap Issue Fee"). The applicable Tap Issue Fee is published on the website www.trustee.no.
5. The Bondholders' Meeting; The Issuer will be charged a fixed standard fee for any bondholders' meeting to be held (the "Fixed Meeting Fee"), regardless of who requested the meeting, except when a bondholders' meeting is requested with the purpose of electing a new Bond Trustee and this is due to the Bond Trustee's failure to fulfil its duties. The applicable Fixed Meeting Fee is published on the website www.trustee.no. The Fixed Meeting Fee includes preparation of the standard documents for the meeting, inter alia the standard formal part o f the summons, agenda, notice and minutes and also includes the use of the premises o f the Bond Trustee related to the bondholders' meeting, and the Bond Trustee's participation at and management of the meeting.
The Issuer will be billed for any documented costs which inter alia will include costs related to external meeting facilities, postage and the registry of securities. Any additional work a bondholders' meeting entails for the Bond Trustee, including any preparation o f case documents or any costs related to assistance from consultants, financial and legal advisors will be charged separately as described in clause 6.
6. W ork Fee: The Issuer shall pay the Bond Trustee for any work (the "W ork Fee") related to extraordinary situations under the Bond Agreement or any other Finance Document (as defined in the Bond Agreement), such as, but not limited to, requests from the Issuer regarding waivers or amendment requirements, restructuring processes, enforcements or any recovery procedures and default situations. The Work Fee will be charged on a case to case basis, either by an hourly rate or based on an assessed fixed rate for the process. The applicable hourly rates for Work Fee are published on the website www.trustee.no.
7. Costs: The Issuer shall also cover any documented cost incurred by the Bond Trustee (the "Costs") which may include inter alia the costs for assistance from legal advisors related to inter alia the establishment of the Bond Agreement, any security or any part of a restructuring process.
