(ii) the First Call Date to, but not including, the Interest Payment Date falling 48 months after the Issue Date at a price equal to 103.60 per cent, of the Nominal Amount for each redeemed Bond;
(b) Any redemption of Bonds pursuant to Clause 10.2 (a) above shall be determined based upon the redemption prices applicable on the Call Option Repayment Date.
(c) The Call Option may be exercised by the Issuer by written notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders at least ten (10), but not more than twenty (20), Business Days prior to the proposed Call Option Repayment Date (the "Call Notice"). Such notice sent by the Issuer is irrevocable and shall specify the Call Option Repayment Date. Unless the Make Whole Amount is set out in the written notice where the Issuer exercises the Call Option, the Issuer shall publish the Make Whole Amount to the Bondholders as soon as possible and at the latest within three (3) Business Days from the date of the notice.
10.3 Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event (a) Upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder will have the right (the "Put Option") to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder at a price equal to 101 per cent, of the Nominal Amount.
(b) The Put Option must be exercised within 30 calendar days after the Issuer has given notice to the Bond Trustee and the Bondholders that a Put Option Event has occurred pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Put Option Event). Once notified, the Bondholders' right to exercise the Put Option is irrevocable and will not be affected by any subsequent events related to the Issuer.
L 9584790 VI 29.01.18 95482-030
27/57
(c) Each Bondholder may exercise its Put Option by written notice to its account manager for the CSD, who will notify the Paying Agent of the exercise of the Put Option. The Put Option Repayment Date will be the fifth (5th) Business Day after the end of the 30 calendar days exercise period referred to in paragraph (b) above.
(d) If Bonds representing more than 90 per cent, of the Outstanding Bonds have been repurchased pursuant to this Clause 10.3 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Put Option Event), the Issuer is entitled to repurchase all the remaining Outstanding Bonds at the price stated in paragraph (a) above by notifying the remaining Bondholders of its intention to do so no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Put Option Repayment Date. Such prepayment may occur at the earliest on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day following the date of such notice. However, the settlement of the Put Option will be based on each Bondholder's holding of Bonds at the Put Option Redemption Date.
