(iv) any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag (2007:582) om vardepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm on which the Bonds are listed.
17
(c) When the financial statements and other information are made available the Bondholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall send copies of such financial statements and other information to the Agent.
(d) The Issuer shall:
(i) supply to the Agent, with each set of its financial statements, delivered pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) above, for a period ending on a Reference Date, a Compliance Certificate setting out (in reasonable detail) computations as to compliance with the Maintenance Test as at the relevant Reference Date;
(ii) supply to the Agent together with its annual financial statements, delivered pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above, Valuations for all Properties (if not already provided).
(e) The first Compliance Certificate in relation to the Maintenance Test to be delivered by the Issuer in accordance with paragraph (d)(i) above shall be delivered by the Issuer to the Agent for the period ending on the Reference Date falling 31 March 2016. The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer in the Compliance Certificate is correct, and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information.
(f) The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) when the Issuer is or becomes aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance.
(g) The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1 if informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Bonds are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 11.1.
