(f) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest.
(a) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the Finance Documents, including, inter alia, holding the
34
Transaction Security pursuant to the Security Documents and the Guarantees pursuant to the Guarantee and Adherence Agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and, where relevant, enforcing the Transaction Security and/or any Guarantee on behalf of the Bondholders.
(b) Each of the Agent's and the Security Agent's duties under Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature and the Agent and the Security Agent only acts in accordance with the Finance Documents and upon instructions from the Bondholders, unless otherwise set out in the Finance Documents. In particular, neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is acting as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Bondholders or any other person.
(c) Neither the Agent nor the Security Agent is obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or compliance by the Issuer of the terms of the Finance Documents unless to the extent expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions and the other Finance Documents, or to take any steps to ascertain whether any Event of Default has occurred. Until it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent is entitled to assume that no Event of Default has occurred.
(d) When acting in accordance with the Finance Documents, each of the Agent and the Security Agent is always acting with binding effect on behalf of the Bondholders. Each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall carry out its respective duties under the Finance Documents in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill.
(e) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but each of them shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Finance Documents.
(f) Each of the Agent and the Security Agent shall treat all Bondholders equally and, when acting pursuant to the Finance Documents, act with regard only to the interests of the Bondholders and shall not be required to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other person, other than as explicitly stated in the Finance Documents.
