(2) Norsk Tillitsmann ASA (a company incorporated in Norway with Company No. 963 342 624) as bond trustee (the "Bond Trustee").
D efinitions In this Bond Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings (certain terms relevant for Clauses 13 and 18.2 and other Clauses may be defined in the relevant Clause): "Account Manager" means a Bondholder's account manager in the Securities Register. "Attachment"'means any attachments to this Bond Agreement. "Bid for Shares" means that a binding bid is made for 100 % o f the shares in the Issuer. "Bid for Shares Conversion Date" means a date being ten (10) Business Days after the expiry o f the Bid for Shares Conversion Period. "Bid for Shares Conversion Period" means the fifteen (15) Business Days period following the Issuer's notification o f a Bid for Shares. "Bid for Shares Conversion Price" shall have the meaning given in Clause 10.3. "Bond Agreement" means this bond agreement, including any Attachments to which it refers, and any subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the Parties in accordance with this Bond Agreement. "Bond Issue" means the bond issue constituted by the Bonds. "Bondholder" means a holder o f Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Register, from time to time. "Bondholders' Meeting" means a meeting o f Bondholders, as set forth in Clause 16. "Bonds" means the securities issued by the Issuer pursuant to this Bond Agreement, representing the Bondholders' underlying claim on the Issuer.
3
Norsk Tillitsmann ASA
"Business Day Convention" means that no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding the penöd^nd_däte"öccurs~ön ä day that is not a Business Day, ah d ifsuch date is not a Business Day, payments of interest will be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (No Adjustments o fBusiness Day).
"Call Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.
"CGGV" means Compagnie Generate de Göophysique - Veritas SA and CGG Veritas Services (UK) Limited.
"Costs" means all costs, expenses, disbursements, payments, charges, losses, demands, claims, liabilities, penalties, fines, damages, judgments, orders, sanctions, fees (including travel expenses, VAT, court fees and legal fees) and any other outgoings o f whatever nature.
"Delisting o f Shares" means that the Shares are delisted from Oslo Axess.
