"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under the Finance Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Finance Documents.
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420 8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents, including funds held on the Deposit Account and the Escrow Account, of the Group according to the relevant latest Financial Report, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Interest Expense" means, for the Relevant Period, the Interest Expense according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans).
"Net Operating Income" means, for the Relevant Period, the Rental Income allocated to such Relevant Period less the Operating Costs allocated to such Relevant Period, as stated in the relevant latest Financial Report(s).
8
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Lead Manager and Issuing Agent for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account.
"Nominal Amount" means the Initial Nominal Amount, less the aggregate amount by which each Bond has been prepaid in part pursuant to Clause 10.5, Clause 11.7.4 and/or Clause 11.13.
