(c) A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner.
(e) Notwithstanding paragraph (d) above, at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, the calculations of whether an quorum exist and if the relevant consent has been obtained pursuant to Clause 16 (Decisions by Bondholders), shall be made in SEK. Each Bond shall always entitle to one vote at a Bondholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. The value of the vote of each SEK Bond shall be the Nominal Amount and the value of the vote of each NOK Bond and USD Bond, respectively, shall be the Nominal Amount of the NOK Bond or USD Bond converted into SEK at the Initial Exchange Ratio,. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Nominal Amount shall at all times be calculated based on the Initial Exchange Ratio.
(f) No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Bondholder to exercise any right or remedy under the Finance Documents shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy.
2. Status of the Bonds
(a) The SEK Bonds are denominated in Swedish Kronor, the NOK Bonds are denominated in Norwegian Kroner and the USD Bonds are denominated in USD and each Bond is constituted by these Terms and Conditions. The Issuer undertakes to make payments in relation to the Bonds and to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
(b) By subscribing for Bonds, each initial Bondholder agrees that the Bonds shall benefit from and be subject to the Finance Documents and by acquiring Bonds, each subsequent Bondholder confirms such agreement.
(c) The Nominal Amount of each SEK Bond is SEK 10,000, for each NOK Bond is NOK 10,000 and for each USD Bond is USD 1,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). The maximum Total Nominal Amount of the Bonds is SEK 190,000,000 (or its equivalent in NOK or USD) (the "Maximum Amount"). All initial Bonds are issued on a fully paid basis at an issue price of 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount.
(d) The minimum permissible investment amount upon issuance of the Bonds is SEK 1,000,000, NOK 1,000,000 and USD 200,000 respectively.
(e) The Bonds constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law, and without any preference among them.
