(c) The Trustee shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 7(b) and may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Trustee has actual knowledge to the contrary.
(a) Any payment or repayment under the Finance Documents, or any amount due in respect of a repurchase of any Bonds requested by a Bondholder pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, shall be made to such person who is registered as a Bondholder on a Securities Account on the Record Date immediately preceding the relevant payment date, by way of (if no specific order is made by the Trustee) crediting the relevant amount to the bank account nominated by such Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD.
(b) Payment constituting good discharge of the Issuer's payment obligations to the Bondholders under these Terms and Conditions will be deemed to have been made to each Bondholder once the amount has been credited to the bank holding the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in connection with its Securities Account in the CSD. If the paying bank and the receiving bank are the same, payment shall be deemed to have been made once the amount has been credited to the bank account nominated by the Bondholder in question.
(c) All amounts payable under the Finance Documents shall be payable in the relevant denomination of the Bonds set out in Clause 2(a) above. If, however,
the denomination differs from the currency of the bank account connected to the Bondholder's Securities Account in the CSD, any cash settlement may be exchanged and credited to this bank account in accordance with the procedures of the CSD.
(d) Any specific payment instructions, including foreign exchange bank account details, to be connected to the Bondholder's account in the CSD must be provided by the relevant Bondholder to the Paying Agent (either directly or through its Account Operator in the CSD) within five Business Days prior to a payment date. Depending on any currency exchange settlement agreements between each Bondholder's bank and the Paying Agent, and opening hours of the receiving bank, cash settlement may be delayed, and payment shall be deemed to have been made once the cash settlement has taken place, provided, however, that no default interest or other penalty shall accrue for the account of the Issuer for such delay.
(e) If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 10(d) during such postponement.
(f) If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 8, the Issuer shall be deemed to have fulfilled its obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount.
(g) Any payment which shall be made under these Terms and Conditions on a date which is not a Business Day, shall be instead be made on the first following day that is a Business Day (no business day adjustment).
