(without first having to obtain the Bondholders' consent) be entitled to enter into agreements with the Issuer or a third party or take any other actions, if it is, in the Trustee's opinion, necessary for the purpose of maintaining, altering, releasing or enforcing the Transaction Security, creating further Security for the benefit of the Secured Parties or for the purpose of settling the Bondholders' or the Issuer's rights to the Transaction Security, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents, and provided that such agreements or actions are not detrimental to the interests of the Bondholders.
(a) Each Bond carries Interest at the Interest Rate from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but excluding) the relevant Redemption Date.
(b) Payment of accrued Interest in respect of the Bonds shall be made to the Bondholders in connection with the redemption of the Bonds in full on the relevant Redemption Date.
(c) Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis).
(d) If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its due date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (and including) the due date up to (but excluding) the date of actual payment at a rate which is five hundred (500) basis points higher than the Interest Rate. Accrued default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Trustee or the CSD, in which case the Interest Rate shall apply instead.
11. Redemption and Repurchase of the Bonds
11.1 Redemption at maturity and extension
(a) Subject to paragraph (b) below, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Bonds in full on the Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
(b) The Issuer has the right to extend the original Final Maturity Date with three (3) months, by giving notice to the Trustee and Bondholders at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the original Final Maturity Date. If so requested by the Issuer, the Issuer shall redeem the Bonds on the date falling three (3) months after the original Final Maturity Date with an amount per Bond equal to the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest.
