"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial paper, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities (including, for the avoidance o f doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject to trade on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm or any other Regulated Market or unregulated recognised market place.
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer or a Subsidiary representing more than 5.00 per cent. of either (i) the total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the EBITDA o f the Group on a consolidated basis according to the latest Financial Report.
"Modular Stock" means Modular Stock Limited (reg. no. 03342312, Ashburton Road West, Trafford Park, Manchester, M17 1RU, United Kingdom).
9
"NASDAQ OMX Stockholm" means NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (reg. no. 556420 8394, SE-105 78 Stockholm, Sweden).
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Relevant Period, the Finance Charges according to the latest Financial Report(s), after deducting any interest payable for that Relevant Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash and Cash Equivalents investments of the Group (and excluding any payment-in-kind interest capitalised on Shareholder Loans and, for the avoidance of doubt, any (i) gains arising on foreign currency revaluations of intercompany balances and (ii) income on pension balances).
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing debt (excluding any Shareholder Loans and interest bearing debt borrowed from any Group Company) less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group according to the latest Financial Report or per the relevant testing date if measured in relation to the Incurrence Test or the Distribution Test, in accordance with the Accounting Principles but adjusted in accordance with the Operational Lease Freeze.
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds from the Bond Issue which, after deduction has been made for the transaction costs payable by the Issuer to the Joint Bookrunners for the services provided in relation to the placement and issuance of the Bonds, shall be transferred to the Escrow Account.
"Nominal Amount" has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.1.
