11.4.3 11.4.4 11.5
to be repurchased. If a Holder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant Bonds and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 12.9.1 (e). The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty (20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 11.4.1.
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Bonds. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Clause 11.4 by virtue of the conflict.
Any Bonds repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 11.4 may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or cancelled in accordance with Clause 11.2.
Voluntary partial repayment
The Issuer may repay an amount not exceeding SEK 100,000 (rounded off to a multiple of SEK 1,000) of principal debt outstanding on each Bond, but not only some of the Bonds, on one Interest Payment Date per each of the first three consecutive but not overlapping Relevant Periods as from the Issue Date (without carry-back or carry forward), at a price equal to 102.00 per cent. of the repaid Nominal Amount, resulting in partial repayment of all Bonds by way of reduction of the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The Issuer shall give not less than twenty (20) Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders.
Equity claw back
Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may at one occasion repay up to 30.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 70.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering). The Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders and the repayment per Bond shall be made at 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or at the relevant Call Option Amount, if such amount is lower (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000).
22
