Upon an Equity Listing Event, the Issuer may at one occasion repay up to 30.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount (provided at least 70.00 per cent. of the total Initial Nominal Amount remains outstanding after such repayment), in which case all outstanding Bonds shall be partially repaid by way of reducing the Nominal Amount of each Bond pro rata. The repayment must occur on an Interest Payment Date within 180 calendar days after such Equity Listing Event and be made with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the cash proceeds received by the Issuer as a result of such Equity Listing Event (net of fees, charges and commissions actually incurred in connection with such offering and net of taxes paid or payable as a result of such offering). The Issuer shall give not less than 20 Business Days' notice of the repayment to the Agent and the Holders and the repayment per Bond shall be made at 103.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount or at the relevant Call Option Amount, if such amount is lower (rounded down to the nearest SEK 1,000).
12.
SPECIAL UNDERTAKINGS
So long as any Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the special undertakings set forth in this Clause 12.
12.1
Distributions
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of the Subsidiaries, (i) pay any dividend on shares, (ii) repurchase any of its own shares, (iii) redeem its share capital or other restricted equity with repayment to shareholders, (iv) repay principal or pay interest under any shareholder loans, (v) grant any loans except to Group Companies or (vi) make any other similar distributions or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the Issuer's, or the Subsidiaries', direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders (items (i)-(vi) above are together and individually referred to as a "Restricted Payment"). However, any such Restricted Payment can be made, if such Restricted Payment is permitted by law and no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such Restricted Payment, by (a) any Group Company if such Restricted Payment is made to another Group Company and, if made by any of the Subsidiaries which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata basis or pursuant to the Bearings Put Option and (b) by the Issuer, provided that (i) the Distribution Test (calculated on a pro forma basis including the relevant Restricted Payment) is met, (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments of the Group in a financial year (including the Restricted Payment in question but excluding any Restricted Payment made in accordance with item (a) above) does not exceed fifty (50) per cent of the Group's consolidated net profit (Sw. årets resultat) according to the annual audited financial statements for the previous financial year and (iii) such Restricted Payment is not made until the earlier of (A) twenty-four (24) months after the Issue Date and (B) an Equity Listing Event with a full repayment under Clause 11.6 (Equity Claw Back) has occurred.
12.2
Listing of Bonds
