"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Bondholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation.
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement dated on or about the First Issue Date initially between, among others, the Issuer, AccentTwo Holding Ltd, the Security Subsidiaries, the Agent, the Security Agent and the Working Capital Creditors, as amended from time to time.
"Interest" means the interest on the Bonds calculated in accordance with Clauses 9(a) to 9(d).
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges.
"Interest Payment Date" means 29 January, 29 April, 29 July and 29 October of each year or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day following from an application of the Business Day Convention. The first Interest Payment Date for the Bonds shall be 29 April 2014 and the last Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Redemption Date.
"Interest Period" means (i) in respect of the first Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the First Issue Date to (and including) the first Interest Payment Date, and (ii) in respect of subsequent Interest Periods, the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date to (and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or a shorter period if relevant).
"Interest Rate" means STIBOR plus the Floating Rate Margin per annum.
"Issuer" means Candyking Holding AB (publ), a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden, whose registered office is Box 729, Telegrafvägen 8, 169 27, Solna, with Swedish Reg. No. 556738-8219.
"Issuing Agent" means Pareto Securities AB, Swedish Reg. No. 556206-8956, or another party replacing it, as Issuing Agent, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
